 As a horror movie fan , I bought this movie -LRB- previously viewed , thank goodness -RRB- . Reading the box , it looked like it might be a good horror flick . How wrong was I !!!!! This movie should n't even fall into the horror catagory . The whole movie is about a teenager , Casey Noland , who aspires to be the next famous serial killer ... . Not ! He ca n't even bring himself to harm the next door neighbor 's dog ! What makes this movie even more stupid is the fact that his `` gothic '' friend wants to become his first victim . Together , they think of ways and weapons he can use to make him `` different '' from other already known serial killers . This movie is more funny than horror which still is n't saying much for the film . With a stupid plot and poor acting , I do n't recommend this film for any true horror film fan for it is not a horror movie at all . Do n't be fooled by the box ... . it 's not worth the money even to rent it .
 Call me silly , but I enjoy stupid horror films - especially if they 're about serial killers . This is quite a radical dichotomy . While my favorite film is `` The Silence of the Lambs '' , it 's not because it 's a movie about a serial killer - why ? Because it is n't . Anyone with a brain the size of a squirrel understands that , and I wo n't waste any time explaining it.What surprised me about this film was that it quoted `` The Silence of the Lambs '' . I was stunned . This was n't a serious piece by any definition , and while it would give me great pleasure to pick it apart piece by piece , it 's not a significant enough for me to waste me time doing so.Suffice to say that it attempted to be a serious film and a comedy all in one . It failed . There was a love interest that was as dead as a squashed tomato , a wan na be serial killer who could n't kill dog -LRB- admittedly , that plays into the comedy -RRB- , and a host of other nonsensical arrangements of characters and situations that made the film entirely unbelievable - * whether it was a comedy or a serious film * . The only thing that I felt good about during the film was knowing that Thomas Hayden Church did a tremendous turn in `` Sideways '' . It was depressing to see an actor of his talent in a film of massive disarray .
 Lisa Loeb was 34 years old when she made this movie , playing a mousy 17 year old . Justin Urich plays a morose lad whose ambition in life is to be a serial killer , and Loeb wants to be his first victim . It 's all slowly paced , poorly written and Loeb is simply awful . Urich does a little better but the whole plot is so ridiculous one does n't really care . And what a shame to see future Oscar nominee Thomas Haden Church in a disastrously bad performance , so Rod Steigerish in its delivery that he definitely should 've gotten a Razzy that year.Ho hum , what a drag .
 Absolutely awful black comedy tries to be darkly humorous like Heathers and Very Bad Things and ends up being plain dark . A teen fascinated with serial killers and murder decides he wants to be a killer after he graduates from High School and a real life killer is killing people in the town . A desperate attempt at black comedy with barely any laughs and even the black-humor is n't very funny . Avoid this and rent Pulp Fiction , Very Bad Things , or any other dark comedy out there . Despite Thomas Haden Church 's funny performance as a mean coach this movie is a BOMB .
 i just got finished watching this movie on Moviebeam so the review is still fresh in my mind , so here it goes ... this movie was such a piece of crap ! the name of the movie serial killing 101 and you only saw one person die in the entire film -LRB- and that was @ the end of the movie ! -RRB- dont buy it , dont rent it , dont watch it ! the only thing this movie killed was my brain cells from having to watch such dribble !
 If you are a fan of the n-word then this might be for you . I primarily purchased this item because of Tony Roberts and EarthQuake 's interaction on the show `` Comics Unleashed '' and when I discovered that they were on a comedy show together I decided to order it but when I received it and heard practically every comic , shy of Tony Roberts I believe , use the n-word somewhere in their performance , I became disgusted . I do not use this word and I do n't appreciate paying to hear anyone , whether we share the same race or not , use that word . SAVE YOUR MONEY !!!!
 the video production quality is HORRIBLE . the angles , the audio quality are terrible . it looks as though it was put together by a junior high audio visual club . 1/3 of the video is the author re-stating what is in the book . i was hoping for a jam-packed video of practical visual representations of what is in the book . not so . the one video section where good info could be conveyed is not because the angles are wrong and you ca n't see the entire oourt . the video is like a patch work quilt of strangeness . including one scene with a out of nowhere guitar solo interlude . do n't get this video ... if amazon does n't have what you are looking for , expand your search and pay more for an actual DVD vs buying this to watch online . i do n't normal write reviews but this video was too expensive and i want to save others . turn back now . buy the book , do n't get the video . ughh ...
 really really bad movie . I am a horror fan and this was a pieve of crap.Don ' t waste your money
 nothing can be more stupid than watching this super stupid film . zero star is what it deserves . a com -LSB- plete waste of time . i deserve better as a member of amazon prime . i 'm so disappointed that this is the kind of movie that amazon offers to its prime members .
 After reading the reviews I thought it must be good . WRONG ! I must be on another planet then these other viewers.horrible acting & 1 hr too long . What a waste of time !!!
 This is one of the worst movies ever ! The acting was awful and unrealistic . I was shocked after reading so many good reviews about it .
 If they would have stuck to the more subtle `` did you see that '' kind of creepiness it would have made a decent movie ; the concept and acting is pretty sound . However , the movie went way over the top way too soon .
 ***** may contain slight Spoilers ***** I 'm generally not a tough critic and I can take a movie for what it is supposed to be . I thought the beginning of this started off great . I enjoyed how they mocked all those paranormal `` reality '' shows . It started off pretty creepy and it was the subtle things that were really intense , but then the movie just got stupid , rather than having interaction with creepy paranormal spirits it turned into your run of the mill low budged horror film . A builidng that mysteriously changed form and rearranged itself , night time lasting for several days ... c'mon ... they took a good idea and a great begining and just crapped on the rest . By the end absolutely none of it was scary or creepy .
 Probably the worst movie I 've ever seen . I do n't usually write reviews , but this was so horrible , that I felt the need to warn others . This has lots of good reviews - maybe they were paid off like the landscape guy in the film .
 This film really mocks the Ghost Adventure show from the Travel channel . Basically this film is Ghost Adventures with `` Youtube greenscreen special affects '' . I believe the show wanted to be scary but it really comes off as being obnoxious . It takes bits of elements or key parts from the Ghost Adventure random episodes that you 'll recognize as they manifest throughout this film . The main character of the show Lance Preston -LRB- Sean Rogerson -RRB- gave me the feeling like he did n't want to be in the film by his acting alone . The acting overall is bad , the scares are typical in these found lost tapes genre , shaky cameras , over frustrating acting and bad writing . A combination of what makes a terrible reality film that is not reality but only that its really aweful.By the end finale , I felt the movie creaters , were giving Ghost Adventures a big F.U. and sending a message to them saying that if you are going to be fake , go all the way by adding artificial ghost or scares like they did . This movie was lame and a waste of time.P.S . At least the Ghost Adventures is entertaining to watch fake or real , the entertainment is real , unlike this piece of garbage .
 Bought grave encounters off amazon , it will not play on my dvd as its wrong region code . . Not happy as this was not on details on website . I 'm now stuck with a dvd I can not watch ... I rate this no stars as I ca n't watch it ...
 This movie was silly and a waste of time . Very boring and I could not finish . The positive reviews must be from friends of the Film makers . If this was free I would say you would lose nothing but your time . Do n't pay the rental fee though .
 i thought i was getting something scary but in the end it just did not make sense , poor poor movie
 Grave Encounters -LRB- The Vicious Brothers , 2011 -RRB- ... and if you thought , correctly , that Episode 50 -LRB- q.v. elsewhere this ish -RRB- was bad , let me introduce you to Grave Encounters , a movie that feels as if it was made by taking the script for Episode 50 , giving it one more rewrite to extinguish any faint embers there might have been of something halfway decent in it , and then the loose , unbound pages of the script were tossed into the air and picked up at random -- and then the movie was filmed in the order in which the pages were picked up . -LRB- Any page that was picked up upside-down or backwards was shot as-is , with the cast trying to make sense of upside-down language or simply inserting five minutes of silence per blank page . -RRB- Now , I hasten to add that the above is an artist 's conception of what may have happened during the filming of Grave Encounters ; I have no inside information in this regard . But that 's certainly what it felt like to me.Plot
 When I first saw the trailer on you tube prior to the release I was really excited . The first 2/3rds of the movie was entertaining and seemed to be building very well into something worthy of the views time ... then it falls apart into a total and utter amateur disappointment . Like the failed Lonely Island pilot for Fox `` Awesometown '' amateur disappointment or a really bad student project for an After Effects class disappointment.The film starts off with 5 people shooting a Ghost Hunting TV show , who lock themselves in a haunted , abandon mental institution which looks way to clean to have been abandon for more then a few days , which can be over looked . Trouble starts as the crew is beginning to wrap shooting up for the evening . Typical ghost hunting show type stuff starts happening and suspense starts to build at a decent pace and we start to see the interesting scenes from the trailer . Shortly after the scene from the trailer where the girl turns around and morphs into a creature is where the wheels completely fall off the bus . At the point where hands start coming out of the walls and ceiling is when it 's time to shut it off because it marks the point where this film turns into little more then an amateur remake of the Blair Witch Project complete with the camera dropping to the floor , off screen ending with screaming to imply what is happening to the final victim.I truly had high hopes for this film after seeing the trailer and the leaps that digital video has had over the past few years . The real problem is the non-climax and `` been done before '' ending . Truly an utterly disappointing , I can see why it 's only available on Pay-Per-View and did n't have a true theatrical release . Not worth the money to rent , maybe check it out when it eventually makes it to the SyFy Channel for free . 2 stars because I was enjoying myself in the beginning before it completely fell apart .
 At first you think this movie is really good and starts out then it gets super ridiculous as far as believability . So much it is quite fake . Just ok overall and honestly turned it off at the end which I never do normally .
 SpoilersI saw the trailer for this somewhere on the internet , it was getting passed around and it looked pretty good , a rather low budget film passing along through word of mouth , who knows ? Could be the next blair witch/paranormal activity , and the story was pretty interesting as well , ghost hunters being stuck in a mental asylum ? The possibilities are endless!But then you meet the characters ... The ` main ' character you 're apparently supposed to relate with is a total a ** hole , he has his token love interest that says nothing worthwhile , the token black guy who has lines like `` man i could be smokin ' some trees right now '' , the old guy that looked like Mick Jagger , and the idiot cameraman who looks like Shaggy from scooby doo . Wow , I mean I get that they 're making some comment on all those ghost-hunting shows but you could at least put a little more character into these crude stereotypes to make the audience care about what 's happening.And this was my biggest problem with Grave Encounters , dumbed down lame two dimensional parodies of what Grave Encounters is trying to lampoon while imitating . Confused yet ? Do n't worry this movie does n't require much thought . The handheld camera genre works best if you like the characters you 're following around , because you 're essentially stuck with them , and here I 'd rather be hanging out with the ghosts/demons/whatever than these tools.The story itself was intriuging but ultimately a letdown , the set up was nice , they paced it out ok and some of the background stories -LRB- fake or not -RRB- helped set up the sense of dread which clashed nicely with the crew 's naivety . Once the scares kick in though there 's very little that 's original and has n't been seen before from Grave Encounters . Although I did like the film 's answer to the ancient question `` why do n't they just leave the building '' , as it gets interesting when the mental hospital becomes a twisted maze.One of the things that worked in what I consider the best handheld camera movie -LSB- REC -RSB- was they were zombies/demons and they had a physical threat that you could understand . Here what exactly is the threat with the ghosts , they lift some stuff up sure , but that 's about it . Maybe someone could 've gotten possessed or something to make a real threat instead of windows opening . Oh and speaking of -LSB- REC -RSB- this movie shamelessly ripped off the ending where the last person confronts the ` original monster ' or whatever and gets offed , AND they ripped off the death scene in -LSB- REC -RSB- 2 where someone gets pulled into water and disappears ; it was cool in -LSB- REC -RSB- 2 when it was original , but it was just pathetic in this film . The ` Vicious Brothers ' could n't think of anything else?Also when it ends , it just ends and does n't wrap itself up full circle with the opening of the movie where you see a producer or something introducing the audience to the ` lost footage ' , it might as well have been the directors saying ` we hope you 'll enjoy Grave Encounters ! ' since it served no purpose than to open the film . If you 're a fan of ghost movies or handheld camera movies , chances are you 've seen everything in Grave Encounters before and done better , except the arms scene , that was pretty cool . Oh wait did I say pretty cool ? I meant pretty RIPPED OFF -LRB- watch?v = VcQdP0YxAfk -RRB-
 I kept bracing myself for scary surprise moments and was `` gravely '' disappointed . Barely any suspense , poor acting , bad special effects if any , and stupid ending . Glad I only spent $ .99 .
 This is a useless waste of time . No plot , no point.Everyone dies horribly . Poorly acted and filmed . Totally stupid !
 Normally it takes alot for me to completely hate a movie and regret watching it . But this movie was the most ridiculous movie I 've seen in a long time . It wants to represent itself as being `` real '' because it 's a found footage film . I have nothing again found footage films but if you are going to try and make something look like it really happened , let it be realistic please . The events that happen in this film would never really happen & are taken way over the line to where it 's just obvious that it wants to shock you . Which to me , is n't scary at all . This to me is a misrepresentation of people who study the paranormal & do real investigations.The cast are not very talented & their acting is laughable at parts . The characters are n't likeable at all . The black guy is loud , obnoxious and wants it his way or the high way ... big surprise . The girl whines incesenitly . The `` host '' of this supposed reality show is obnoxious and annoying . If you do n't care about the characters , you have no movie . And that 's what you get here.They start freaking out when things start happening & screaming & running around like retards ... is n't that what you came there for ? To see something happen ? Just very annoying . And the things that do happen ... the apparitions , etc. . . are so obviously fake , all hope is lost . The scares are just over the top , predictable , nothing new that we have n't seen before ... my advice on this one , skip it . Seriously . I understand the success of Paranormal Activity has created interest in Hollywood to make more of these kind of films but at least Paranormal Activity kept it simple and not over the top , at least at first . This is just completely unbelievable & to me , it felt like they did n't care about at least making it SEEM believable if they wanted it to supposedly be `` real '' found footage . Worst found footage film I 've seen .
 After seeing the trailer I thought this movie would be a half decent one , sadly I was wrong . Everyone else who reviewed this movie as a positive experience may not entirely know what they 're talking about . I am an absolute horror movie lover and this one , even from the get-go , I simply could NOT take seriously . The events of the movie were n't half bad , seeing as they tried to get creative somewhat with were the movie was going to go . It 's decent on a level , so long as you do n't have ANYTHING else to watch , you might as well give it a shot . Overall it was n't the most horrible movie I 've ever seen but nothing I would recommend to anyone . The effects of the movie itself could be seen on every other movie like it , and the fact that they were basically mimicking Zak Bagans from Ghost Adventures just made it absolutely unbelievable . At least those guys have some credibility and make an entertaining show.Honestly , it was not worth the $ 5.99 I spent to rent it . I would hope you 'd heed the warning , but if it 's really bothering you to see it ... go for it I guess !
 I was really hoping for something good out of this buzzy little indie horror film.What I got was boring and uninspired and less scary than an actual episode of Syfy 's Ghost Hunters.Pass on this one .
 Not all that spooky . Less than half the movie in , about every second word is the `` F '' word and so much loud arguing between the cast that you start wishing something WOULD happen to all of them .
 Ok , as a start , the first 45 minutes were probably the most boring of any terror movie I could 've ever watched . But the worst came after.Grave Encounters does not offer any intense moment , or original idea , and even touches the silly and non-sense of its story.Rec2 -LRB- the Spanish version -RRB- is a great example of what a false documentary movie should be .
 I could n't sit through the whole thing . It was boring and repetitious to watch . Maybe is was n't what I expected .
 I love documentaries but Casting About did not shed any new light on the subject . Unfortunately I am can not recommend this movie
 Terrible ... Just such a terrible movie . I like my share of cop drama movies but this particular film proved exactly why it went straight to DVD release . There was just too much bad acting , especially from Chris Klein , who was practically screaming all the time while `` trying '' to justify his actions and involvement in a dirty cop case . The twist at the end was short-lived and I felt like I wasted at least 90 minutes of my life after watching it . Do n't bother to watch or buy this movie !
 Not going to waste much time on this . Do n't bother with this . It has got to be the worst thing I 've seen in a long time . The writing is cheesy , the acting is horrible , the story boring and contrived . Save your time and money .
 The film starts out with a brilliant , and creepy premise -- what if there was a chemical that could be added to ordinary water , colorless , tasteless and odorless , that , when drunk , did n't just kill its drinker but turned that person 's body into a deadly explosive ? As the movie initially unfolds , this premise is handled well and is remarkably chilling.Pierce Brosnan plays the munitions expert who is in charge of determining the cause of several inexplicable explosions that have been taking out prominent senators . His investigations put him in uncomfortably close proximity with one of the senators who may be the next target -- the man his ex-wife left him for following the death of their daughter . As his investigation leads him to the bizarre method being used to kill off these lawmakers , he finds that his attempts to protect them are being misinterpreted and miscast , damaging his reputation ... until he manages to prevent what would have been a deadly attack during a public rally.Unfortunately , it 's right after this attack that the film unravels into a mess . Up until this point it was a tight , chilling mystery ; the attacks unfolded with spooky `` it could happen anywhere '' finesse , the chemistry used in the film to explain the explosive compound was handled remarkably well , and the haunted past driving the protagonist -LRB- his daughter 's accidental drowning and the way his life and marriage fell apart in the aftermath -RRB- was a nice subplot that helped but was n't overbearing.But at this point the film abruptly changes course and becomes a cliche 'd 80s actioner . His wife , witnessing his act of heroism , has the epiphany that she 's with the wrong guy and comes back to him for a heapin ' helping of `` hot '' 80s-style music-video simulated-sex . Now the senator is the one on the outs , and gee , turns out he 's dirty and probably deserves to get blown up , but our hero is still sworn to protect him . The man out to get him , who up until now has been using remarkable finesse -LRB- and who would n't be creeped out by the concept that any glass of water could be their last ? -RRB- suddenly switches over to much cruder tactics . You could swap in virtually any action movie with a rugged loner hero , unscrupulous ass who has to be protected , glowering villain , and useless woman screaming encouragement on the sidelines , at this point , to the same effect . Our hero , of course , saves the day , solves the crime , and wins the girl.Live Wire had the potential to be brilliant , and would have been , but the final act ruins the entire puzzle-box effect of the film . It 's a shame , because it could have been a great thriller . But it 's not.My recommendation
 ... and follow me here , this movie is terrible . No matter what the other people tell you , I am telling you the truth and this is my business . If you are going to buy this film , and `` pretend '' it 's a Bond film , you are better off getting `` The Thomas Crown Affair . '' This movie is so over acted that it is ridiculous , though , in reverse of the last three Bond outings , it starts off silly and gets a little better . It proves that playing 007 has been good for Pierce . He has gained confidence through that role that has served him well in his films about love or jewel thieves . He did n't have it here , bless his heart . My girlfriend likes to think that it 's him in the love scenes and not a body double . She said , `` Oh , so that 's what Bond looks like making love ... `` Pass on this one lads , trust me >
 In this not-ready-for-Bond primer , Pierce Brosnan plays an FBI explosives expert who ca n't figure out a series of deadly D.C. detonations that has the nation 's capital on edge . The mysterious explosive premise is a good one , however the movie suffers from a made-for-cable feel -LRB- perhaps because of the terrible music -RRB- . The cast does a good job with a fair to middling script , but a few characters just do n't belong . Namely Lisa Eilbacher as Brosnan 's promiscious wife . Usually a reliable actress , she 's reduced to eye candy in this one . Ben Cross does a smash-bang job as the heavy , but Ron Silver is dead weight as Cross 's congressional co-conspirator . All in all , Live Wire delivers an interesting pop , but is far from the entertaining big bang you might expect from a film featuring the future James Bond .
 The movie is absolute garbage . Everyone 's a badguy -LRB- almost all the characters but Pierce are involved in some crazy plot to blow everyone else up -RRB- , the acting by almost all involved is horrendous , and the editing blows ! The silly love scene in the bathtub actually has 3 hair style changes where the woman 's bangs disappear and reappear and disappear again , then reappear again in bed . You can see the people running from the bomb threats just falling over in panic , the `` bad guys '' completely overact and many do n't seam to have any reason to even be involved . Hah , Pierce got shot point blank by two guys with uzi 's and still not only gets away , but blows them up and goes on to finish the mastermind off and rescue the girl . It kind of reminded of a Beverly Hill 's Cop -LRB- even has the same love interest -RRB- without any comedic value and an all B-list acting crew . I would say do n't waste your time ... but it does have a certain `` so bad it 's good '' quality . Just know what your walking into :-RRB- -LRB- Btw I ca n't understand how this possibly has a 3 1/2 star rating ... it really is bad -RRB- .
 `` Live Wire '' was n't able to make it into the theaters . That 's because this is strictly second rate . The storyline alternates between being laughable and being predictable . Pierce Brosnan portrays a bomb expert who usually works for the FBI but also does some side work for the local police . His marriage is on the rocks because he allowed their young daughter to drown in the pool . How nice . The incident is shown only in flashback and seems almost trivial the way in which it is presented . Brosnan ends up becoming involved with an investigation into exploding politicians . Yup ... that 's right . Certain senators end up combusting in a big way after drinking what appears to be water . The end of the movie borrows more than a little inspiration from the TV show `` MacGyver '' . This movie never really finds its place and contains your standard action sequences and rather poor special effects . Brosnan is much more impressive as Bond .
 I admit I stopped watching this about 20 minutes in , after waiting and waiting for it to get better . -LRB- maybe it did get better -RRB- The production value on this thing is pretty darn weak . In addition , it is basically a commercial for Mann lures . The overall instructional quality is low -- pretty much you watch two 60 + year old southern gentlemen cast and retrieve lures -LRB- fishing on a bass boat -RRB- -- occasionally landing a small trout , drum , or ladyfish . Water depth is discussed at one point -- and the camera focuses on the Mann depth finder . 90 % commercial , 5 % dudes talking in mumbling voices , and 5 % fishing instruction . Poor showing.There is another review for this product that appears to reference a book . The review lists 5 stars . This review is erroneous in nature and does not reference the correct product .
 I 'm so sick of being deceived by reviews from people with a vested interest in a movie . Every positive review is a lie.Sometimes crudeness expresses a sentiment best . This snorefest Sucks ! I could say Trite , Banal , Derivative , Stupid , Boring , etc ; but ` Sucks ' serves nicely .
 So the main character is extremely adorable . But once you get beyond enjoying what you 're looking at , the story is miserable , the acting is beyond repair , and the flow of the movie is awkward .
 I am disapointed with this whole movie.I have to say that I didnt see so much clich&eacute; in 100 min . Its chlich&eacute; over and over again.Actor fell in love with porn star ? :--RRB- OK . Its because this porn star has pure heart ? : - -RRB- Of course it is in L.A. ? : - -RRB- But the very first guy he met is addicted ? :--RRB- Which is obvious after 4 min.His -LRB- actor -RRB- hero refuses for the first time , but then he goes out , proudly!And the main character -LRB- porn star -RRB- ? He is sooo gay!I am sorry but I have no words , I dont know what to say . Maybe so pathetic !!!!
 LA QUALIT&Eacute; BLUE RAY INCONTESTABLE NE FAIT PAS OUBLIER LE MANQUE TOTAL DE FOND.COMME QUOI LE FOND L'EMPORTE TOUJOURS SUR LA FORME
 The title says it all , this movie was horribly tedious . I did n't even have any good sex scene to make up for the tedium ...
 A bad and predictable script make this a below average movie . Was glad when it ended . Pity though , because it had potential to be much better .
 In short , this is just bad gay melodrama , and not that interesting or believable . The director 's main interest seems to be the lead actor 's nipples -- I kid you not . They are perky and nice , but unfortunately , this is not enough to sustain my attention over 2 hours . The writing is at times embarrassingly bad . There are lame attempts at humor -LRB- the lead 's friend and her ` slave ' -RRB- , lame attempts at Hollywood insider gossip -LRB- the awkward David Geffen character -RRB- , and lame attempts at exposing the porn industry -LRB- yuck is the way to sum it up -RRB- . The funniest part is n't meant to be funny -- it involves a boyfriend/porn director with an addiction that you can sense coming a mile away . He has a really bad pencil shave and a reptilian stare that makes you legitimately wonder how Mr. Perky Nipples would ever have fallen for this lizard . When he hits bottom -LRB- pardon pun -RRB- it 's like a scene from a zombie film . But it is played as serious social commentary , so it is spectacularly bad . Oh how I yearned for some John Waters satire ... There are some redeeming qualities to the film . Despite the sense that this is an amateur production , the main actors are all professional and doing their best to make it work somehow . It is endearing to see how hard they try , and I found myself wondering wistfully if we will ever hear from them again . And heck , there is some self respect towards the end if you make it that far . At least there were no suicides.Will gay films always be the equivalent of the gay rainbow flag - cheap , poorly designed , and ugly ? Will the genre ever grow up , and deliver more depth and better quality ? One has to wonder if the vapid memes of modern gay culture -LRB- paper thin superficiality , drugs , gossip , porn addictions , etc. -RRB- consign gay films to the trash heap of cinema . I hope this will not always be the case .
 The plot is broken down all over these reviews so I 'll weigh in like this ... Overall good production values , interesting over-arcing story and a few moments of brutal honesty made it worth the rental , but I do n't think the movie is very good . The story is belabored by too many subplots and incidental characters . The juxtaposition between humor and drama is clumsy , wrecking the impact of both . Ludwinski lacks the acting chops to play Adam with any nuance or depth so Adam plays as just a pretty face . The character 's transition into prostitution , then from being in love with a drug addict to being with John , a charming closeted TV star -LRB- well played by Michael Medico -RRB- who pays him for sex and falls for him plays too incidentally and contrived . John would have paid for guys like Adam many times before . The motivations seem far too shallow given the intended weight of the choices . It ends trite and unlikely ; like the fantasy of a shallow tween who might throw in drugs and sex to make things seem `` deep . ''
 Did not like this video . It was very improbable and unrealistic . Definitely not what I expected and was not what I was looking for
 I do n't honestly get the appeal of this movie . I 'd heard a lot of good buzz about it while it was in the theaters , but in truth , I watched about 20 minutes of it and gave up throwing good minutes-of-my-life after bad.Part of it is that Katherine Heigl 's recent interviews on this movie and on Grey 's Anatomy have left me with little respect for her , making it kind of hard to listen to her shrillness.The general plot of the movie is n't believable -LRB- since when does a successful woman decide to date the high school drop out , even if she does get pregnant by him ? -RRB- and believability is forgivable if the comedic potential is realized , but here it is not , which simply leaves me feeling like it 's trying to be absurd but somehow failing .
 The trailers are better than this movie . Some passable lines , but the movie quickly starts sliding downhill . Cute concept , but sily and unrealistic . Best line in the entire movie
 This stale offering is a cross between two much better movies which deal with the same topics , Juno and Shallow Hal . Short version , skip this clunker and get one or both of the other movies.The longer version . There is really nothing endearing about the characters or the plot . Seth Rogan 's character is a slug throughout much of the movie . At some level , he knows this and pays lip service to getting his act together but it does n't happen until much later in the movie . Too much later for me . Katherine Heigl 's character is too nice . Unbelievably so . For instance , she does n't want to change Rogan 's character . She wants to accept him for what he is . Great , except he 's a chronic pot smoker with no work ethic whose friends make him look like a real go-getter . And she does n't want to change him . Great parents they 'll make.The only character I actually liked in the show was the brother-in-law , the poor guy.There are a couple of funny scenes , but overall , this is a boring and frustrating film . Avoid it .
 Some scenes in this movie were really funny and Katherine Heigl is a beautiful , great actress and the guy is funny , his friends are hilarious but other than that I really did not like this at all . Successful beautiful career lady meets funny laid back loser at night club , one night stand , `` knocked up '' . Then the rest of the movie is all this utter dreck about bringing the bastard child into the world . The two women turn completely psycho , the two men go to Las Vegas to have the time of their life with magic mushrooms and strip clubs -LRB- wow what fun -RRB- and a graphic birth scene at the end -LRB- such comedy -RRB- People need to stop bringing unplanned unwanted children into the world because it is already 10X more overpopulated than is sustainable and humans are destroying all of it , they are destroying everything . The married couple with 2 kids are miserable , why did n't they learn from their mistake . Well if they got an abortion then no movie I guess . So couples if you get knocked up right after meeting the first time and a night of passion , do n't be irresponsible , TAKE CARE OF IT , get an abortion , Mother Earth will thank you , the other animals will thank you and maybe in the next century there will still be blue skies , clean water , trees and animals left for WANTED children to enjoy , kids brought into the world on purpose by parents that are married and really love each other .
 Maybe I 'm just old - and I certainly do n't consider myself a prude - but I can not believe the vulgarity in the dialogue in this movie , especially in mixed company . All us guys talk `` locker room '' when by ourselves ... but crude references to oral -LRB- and other kinds -RRB- of sex in front of women ? If this is really the way younger people talk nowadays , our society is headed for extinction . I watched this movie strictly because of Katherine Heigl whom I think is adorable and whose looks remind me of the pretty girls from the 50 's and 60 's . It was disappointing to hear her use such vulgarity . I know she 's a professional actress and it 's her job to read the script . Hopefully she will get much better films than this to work in as she 's very appealing on screen and a decent actress . The story itself is good , but hardly believeable . Nowadays , few women that attractive would hook up with such a geeky-looking guy like that for one night , much less fall in love with him and bear his child .
 Similar to the appropriately titled `` Superbad '' , this is another inconsistent Canadian Porky-like comedy that lacks direction . And if you think that `` Unrated '' means Catherine Heigel gets naked in this forget it . She does n't .
 First of all , I did receive the movie in a timely manner and it was in good condition.Secondly , I would like to add that this movie is gutter slop and I would NOT recommend it to anyone and I do n't mean anyone , regardless of how low your standards might be ...
 Had great anticipation for a funny movie . Instead found it to be very unrealistic . Do n't believe two people , so mismatched could succeed in a relationship , let alone parenting . Even stretching my imagination , which is quite good , and allowing for poetic license I could n't accept the situation with these people and I guess missed the humor , other than very basic and predictable situations . Was a big let down .
 I do n't get what the big fuss is all about . This is just another ` oops I got a random girl pregnant ' cliche of a film . Really , whoever said it was hilarious and different has n't got a clue really . I think I laughed once , maybe . The vulger tones do n't bother me , but cliches do and this is filled with them from top to bottom . The actors all did a fine job , but the script is poor . The film itself , is borderline OK .
 Sorry folks , but I really hated this film . Not funny in any way whatsoever . Pathetic , in fact . From the makers of 40 Year Old Virgin ... but it 's clearly missing something ... . Oh , I know ... the guy who was funny .
 Romance and romantic comedies are my favorite type of movie , and so I 'm pretty tolerant of even the mediocre ones . Knocked Up is worse than mediocre.The premise has comic potential
 The message Hollywood appears to be sending burgeoning cradle tograve twenty-something consumers in this crude , unintelligent , pathetic film is `` Go ahead ! Be irresponsible ! Show a complete andutter lack of common sense ! Have no self-respect and get pregnantout of wedlock with the next drunken rube who comes along ! Why?Because everybody loves babies ! `` This film is as offensive and unsettling as movies can get . There ` sabsolutely no resonance to the film ... no emotional core to helpeven justify the ludicrous relationship between these twocharacters and what transpires . The film 's bottom line issometimes -LRB- often ? -RRB- white , middle class twenty-somethings getdrunk , and babies are born ... and sometimes -LRB- almost never ? -RRB- the egg donor and the sperm donor end up staying togetheragainst all odds and the child is subsequently raised in aloving , healthy family environment . Needless to say , thef-bombs tossed around in the movie are beyond overkill , asare the adolescent antics of the male lead and hisneanderthal roommates . Simply put , it 's a horrible film.Still , the overwhelming sucess of this movie among young adults -LRB- I use the term `` adults '' loosely -RRB- and the film 's beyond misguidedattempt at providing a `` heartwarming '' love story under the guiseof `` comedy '' holds up a very real mirror to the American culturalobsession with motherhood , pregnancy and childbirth on the onehand and Hollywood 's stop-at-nothing attitude toward harnessingthe basest aspects of American youth culture in order to make abuck.Katherine Heigl was right when she claimed the subject matter ofKnocked Up was offensive to women . The title says it all . If onlythe beautiful and talented Ms. Heigl had steered clear of the moviealtogether and directed her talents to a more worthy endeavor . I ` msure she would be the first to agree .
 Do n't waste your time or money . Every funny moment in this movie was in the trailer . 3 minutes of laughter surrounded by 117 minutes of poor writing .
 I found this movie to be ... just O.K. From the previews I thought it was going to be a laugh riot . I did laugh in a lot of parts but I did n't find it to be up to the level of say '40 Year Old Virgin ' or ` Wedding Crashers ' . I also thought that a lot of the scenes with the lead guy -LRB- curly hair fat schlub from 40 Year Old Virgin -RRB- and his roomates to be really ` unfunny ' . I did like the fact that this movie like Parenthood really had some serious moments that made you think about what the situation of having a baby would really be like .
 Poorly acted , no chemistry between the leads , just a horrible written , unbelievable plot . Do n't waste your money ; Forgetting Sara Marshall is much much better .
 Not even close to being funny or believable . A total waste of time and money . Too much recreational drug use .
 This movie should have locked up in a vault somewhere and never been released . The only thing worth seeing in this movie was Katherine Heigl and IMO Seth Rogen is n't funny and to pair him with someone as beautiful and talented as Katherine Heigl was a major mistake . I bought and watched the movie all the way through based on all the favorable reviews hoping at some point I would get at least one chuckle but in the end that was a waste of time . In view of my absolute distaste of the movie once I removed the disk from my player it immediately went into the trash can because I would n't wish the movie on anyone . I did keep the case though .
 In judging a romantic comedy , you can judge it on 2 things - the romance and the comedy .1 . The romance - is just ridiculous . Very desirable E network reporters do n't date unemployed slacker potheads who are overweight and immature . They date star atheletes , musicians and wealthy businessmen .2 . the comedy - a few chuckles here and there but not a ton of laughs . Simply being crude is not funny - there needs to be some humor attatched to the crudeness.So it scores poorly in both areas . I saw the movie after it was a big hit in theaters and DVD so I was expecting something good . I will say the music is very good but do wish the great soundtrack was put in service of a better film . 2 Stars .
 My girlfriend brought this one home with another rental . I was vaguely aware of this movie through TV promo etc. . To be fair I can only review the first 20 minutes or so because it was so excruciatingly bad that we just could n't take anymore . And it 's not that I do n't like lowbrow sophomoric humor at times . Problem was , I failed to see anything remotely funny here . If I knew anyone like any of the characters in this movie I 'd shoot myself . And then I 'd shoot them . I know . Old joke.I 'm at a loss to understand why anyone would enjoy this film .
 This movie was awful . The characters were mean spirited and just plain disgusting . They treated each other with such nastiness . I have to wonder if the writers know any other words than the F-word . The sister character was the worse . She is just plain nasty and disgusting towards her husband . If you enjoy watching people be demeaning towards others then this is the movie for you .
 I really wanted to like this movie , but it just fell completely flat for me . The acting was good , but I did n't find hardly any of it funny . Maybe it 's just `` guy humor '' that I do n't understand , or my unexplainable , intense fear of pregnancy and babies , but overall the movie was just disgusting to me .
 What a waste . There 's not much of a story , the dialogue is vapid , and the humor falls flat most of the time . A few good lines and a really hot blond
 Horrible , terrible , awful ! There are not enough words to describe this movie . I finally had to turn it off about half way through because it was absolute torture to watch the rest . Bad acting and a total lack of chemistry between the characters . All I can say is that I am thankful that I did n't spend the money to see this in the theater . Do n't waste your time or your money !
 A movie aimed directly at the 14-15 y.o. , high school dropout audience -- you know that segment of the population still titillated by the F-word . Unfunny , stupid , and totally unbelievable . An attractive young woman with everything going for her gets drunk and has sex with a stupid , foul-mouthed , unattractive , overweight man who has exactly nothing going for him . In the morning she wants to chew off her arm when she sees what she has been sleeping up but when she finds out she 's pregnant -- wonder of wonders -- she tries to establish a relationship with the dirty , drug-befuddled loser who lives with half a dozen equally scuzzy men , half of whom are homosexual . Not to worry , he is attempting , albeit unsuccessfully , to make a living showing scenes of naked starlets clipped from movies.Well , I 'll admit the foregoing has some slight potential but the writers , directors , producers of this dreck make a mess even of this . Long before it is over I started to feel sick to my stomach but kept watching , wondering if there was a redeeming moment at the end . There was n't ... incredibly , it got even worse . Some movies are so very bad that they become slightly interesting . This one is n't one of them.No doubt , quite deliberately on the part of the brain-dead director and writers , there 's something here to offend almost anyone with semi-average sensibilties . Of special interest to me , is the use of small children to mouth crude sexual lines . This may not be illegal but it verges ... closely ... on child-abuse .
 I watched some of this movie and wish I had that hour back . What a total waste . Poor story and plot line , butchering of the English language , unless of course one 's intellect and vocabulary does n't go beyond , Sh-t , F-ck , and a host of other obscenities . Complete garbage .
 It could have been better without the F word so much . To much childbirth view .
 My husband and I went to see this movie after reading several glowing reviews . Unfortunately , the reviews failed to mention the non-stop string of extremely offensive language and downright gross `` humor '' -LRB- e.g. , a wife talking to her sister about her husband 's masturbation , simulated sex by 5 guys while one of them talks to his pregnant one-night stand on the phone , a reference to Meg Ryan 's `` b * sh , '' etc. -RRB- . The `` F '' word is used over and over to the point that it is grating . We do n't know many people who ca n't form a sentence without it , but in this movie , that appears to be the case . A potentially interesting plot is buried under gratuitous disgusting situations that add nothing to the film . The writers could have made their point without 99 % of the filth that was in this picture . There is nothing `` smart '' about it , as was said in the reviews ; this film simply appeals to the lowest common denominator and goes for the cheap laugh -- except we almost never laughed . We have watched less offensive porn . At least with that , you know what you 're about to watch . The movie is masquerading as a comedy , and a lot of people are going to be in for a big surprise . We made it 40 minutes before deciding there are much better ways to spend our time . We only regret that we did n't ask for our money back . What a waste .
 Awful , not funny at all , painfully embarrassing , lack of taste , promoting and condoning -LRB- sic ! -RRB- drug use is never a good thing , anyone giving this movie more than 1 star mostlikely is on these `` Magic mushrooms '' as well ... I wish there was an option for no stars at all ... pass on that one it will save you 20 bucks and 2 + hours of your life , you will miss nothing .
 Too bad 1 star is the lowest I can go - for my money , the film gets 1/2 star and that is strictly for the correct choice Ms. Heigl 's character makes to keep the baby , rather than abort it -LRB- generally the fashionable thing to do in Hollywood ; but wait , no movie if that choice is made , so perhaps I should n't give the writers so much credit -RRB- . I watched the movie for one reason - to see Ms. Heigl . I have been impressed with her in `` Roswell '' and `` Grey 's Anatomy '' and hoped against hope that she would have a breakout role in this film in some form or fashion . How disappointing ; surely Hollywood is offering her better and more redeeming roles than this?The sex scenes are pitiable and embarrassing . There 's NOTHING attractive about women who drop the `` F-Bomb '' or any other obscenity and there 's nothing gentlemanly about any man who directs profanity toward the woman in his life . What happened to civilized discourse ; why do we seem to celebrate life in the gutter?Don ' t waste your money buying or renting . Do n't waste your time watching . Help Hollywood understand these movies are not helpful . And hope Ms. Heigl pushes her agent to find material better suited to her talents .
 I just got my new HD DVD player and this was the first movie I watched . Thank GOD it was free and yet I still feel ripped off . I was just really unimpressed . Yes , there are some funny moments in this movie , but nowhere near what I expected there to be.The movie kind of rolls pretty slow in the beginning . I guess that is due to the fact that you know there is a hookup coming but they still have to get there . Unfortunately for the viewer this is painful . I also just never got the feeling that this was very realistic . Yes , I know that it is a movie , but like other reviewers you just never get the feeling that 1 -RRB- this girl and this guy would hook up regardless of the alcohol involved , and 2 -RRB- that there really exists a pack of losers like the guys in the film that actually exist in such sordid stupidity -LRB- Note
 If you 're looking for light , funny comedy like `` 27 Dresses , '' this is n't it . If you 're looking for `` American Pie , '' this is probably close.I should have taken a better look at the movie 's description , but the language , the dope smoking , the wife screaming at her husband -- YEECH.I kept skipping ahead to see if it got any less disgusting but , nope . I gave up about halfway through the movie.Two things I liked about the movie
 I rented this poor excuse of a movie based on critics ' rave reviews . It seemed like a movie written by teenage boys for teenage boys . There were also times it was obvious that the actors were making it up as they went along -LRB- ex . car scene w/Seth Rogen and Katherine Heigl -RRB- . Paul Rudd was the ONLY bright -LRB- and funny -RRB- spot in this god-awful movie .
 This movie was a HUGE disappointment . It was just like so many other formulaic Hollywood movies . All the kiddies viewing it will think that it 's all `` cutting edge '' and exciting because bongs and eff words are used throughout . But pleeaaase ! Who cares anymore ? The spoilt , selfish , self-pitying lead characters were completely insincere and lame . Why should the world care whether any of them lived , died , aborted or continued to breed?The tendency to try to mix humor with sentimentality in this kind of Hollywood trash is so infuriating . Last thing I need is for a comedy to be taking itself all serious and implying that abortion is sinful , that men are somehow bad and `` insufferably irresponsible '' , and that I should care about the sad married life of spoilt rich Hollywood Americans . How aggravating ! How BORING!The conventionality and political correctness of this movie amazes ! Take nudity for example . The odd boob or two is flashed by some of the extras , but during two sex scenes do you think the leading woman shows her boobs ? Oh no - she 's too virtuous for that - her bra stays firmly in place throughout . How coy !!! How completely coy and silly !!! The only thing remotely new or potentially comical about this movie was the `` crowning '' during the delivery , but any laughs there were predictably stomped out by the absolutely abysmal , awkward , stupidly self-conscious acting . A total waste of time and money - worst movie of the year , easily .
 Way too much hype - this movie had only a few funny moments - but was so not worth watching !!!!!
 Such A Disappointment ... Ok ... so the storyline is cute , in theory , and of course I am a fan of Katherine Heigl . I would have to say that this movie was beneath her talent and was a waste of time . It was crass and had random nudity which really had nothing to do with the storyline . I suppose it is more along the lines of a movie made for a high school boy . I really had high hopes that it would have a bit more substance . I was very disappointed ...
 I watched this on PPV and I 've only bought a couple PPV movies before and I so regretted it . I thought from the previews that it was a romance/comedy and wanted to see it b/c of the actors but did not realize that it was more of a trashy/cheesy/raunchy R comedy than a romance . If I had known that , I would have waited til I could see it free in a few years on tv and I would have maybe not been as terribly disappointed . I figured `` unrated '' means a rating is pending-but I think it means it 's way too raunchy to be NC17 and we could get in trouble with R if we are n't careful . When I know in advance it 's a raunchy comedy , rather than a funny romance , I 'll watch it with appropriate people who will find raunchy to be funny but since they chose `` unrated '' , I did n't know that part - I 'm glad I did n't watch it with my mother or something thinking it would be a good , romance chick flick . Not to mention , the plot was so thin because it was a comedy/trashy movie rather than a plot based movie , that although I laughed , I did n't actually really like anyone because there was no depth in the characters .
 I really hated this movie.I hated it so much that I was thinking about turning on my Word language adaptor so I could say a few lines on this terrible waste of time in terms it deserved but , sadly , I 'm too lazy to do so . I do have the time and energy to say that this was terrible , that comedy barely made the mark in the film at all -LRB- it had as much screen time as the baby -RRB- , and that the movie seemed like it had been directed by someone who REALLy wanted to make a terrible movie . I have NOTHING against the types of humor in the movie , either , and I have nothing against profanity , a little cook-out in the veggie patch , or anything else that was there as a comedic prop . They just did n't seem to know how to use the props or those weird little things called words to make the story funny or to make a movie that was , well , worth watching.If you liked it , good . If you did n't , equally good . Watch if you want to but be warned - comedy must have been defined really loosely when they came up with this plot .
 This movie got outstanding reviews from virtually all of the professional movie critics . They could n't shut up about it supposedly being `` laugh filled '' and `` funny as hell . '' The normally sensible NEW YORK POST critic , Kyle Smith , claimed that it was `` an era-defining comedy classic . '' Ross Douthat of NATIONAL REVIEW went so far as to claim that the film was a `` sort of social conservatism , '' despite all the drug use and the out-of-wedlock birth.It 's not a terrible film but it certainly does n't live up to the hype . The high expectations created by the critics ' adoration are one reason this reviewer -LRB- and I 'm sure many others -RRB- are down on this flick.An up-and-coming TV personality with brains and very attractive Nordic looks -LRB- Alison -RRB- gets pregnant after what was supposed to be a one-night stand with a fat , unemployed , drug-addled , ex-pat Canuck -LRB- Ben -RRB- who is living off of some kind of disability award from the government of British Columbia . -LRB- Ben 's immigration status is unclear . He certainly did n't come in on an employment visa ! -RRB- Alison decides to keep the baby after seeing the unborn child 's heart beating on a sonogram . The rest of the film is about this extremely odd couple trying to make their relationship work.While I watched this flick , I could n't help but think that the right girl for this guy would be someone like Roseanne Barr.The viewers reaction to one scene in particular is a good barometer of whether or not you 'll like this film
 I loved his earlier movies , but found this one awful . A friend told me this was the funniest damn movie he 'd seen in years . And since I howled through `` The 40-Year-Old-Virgin , '' and the same folks made `` Knocked Up , '' I thought it was sure to be funny.Think again ... There were maybe two genuine chuckles through the entire movie , then I spent the rest of time feeling embarassed at their lame attempt at humor . Maybe this is a `` guy film , '' but I seriously do n't think that being endowed with male anatomy would have made me enjoy it any more .
 Judd Apatow 's Knocked Up seems like a comedy that could n't work on paper , but the way the film starts out you may be thinking differently . For a good amount of time , Knocked Up is a vulgarly funny comedy that finds Seth Rogen and hottie Katherine Heigl as mis-matched mates whose one night stand escalates into said pregnancy . From that point forward though , Apatow tries way too hard to get into the character 's heads , and towards the end of the film , throws one non-sensical leap of logic at you right after the other , even when it becomes clear that the film has a pro-life propoganda intention to it -LRB- not to mention what appears to be in-film advertising for Spider-Man 3 -RRB- . There are some highpoints here though , most notably with the supporting cast . Rogen , in his first starring role , is decent enough , but the best moments definitely go to Paul Rudd as the jaded husband of Heigl 's sister -LRB- Leslie Mann -RRB- . Harold Ramis is on board as well as Rogen 's father , who it 's always good to see on screen , even if it 's all too brief . In the end , Knocked Up ends up being a typical and predictable -LRB- not to mention overlong -RRB- mainstream comedy that does n't push boundaries nearly as far as it thinks it does , and despite it 's game cast and occasionally funny moments , Knocked Up is n't anything you have n't seen before and probably seen better .
 I watched about 15 minutes of it and had to turn it off , it was so bad , and so boring . Maybe just rent it first .
 The number of dvd titles with a huge `` unrated '' printed on them keeps increasing in number rapidly for the last few years.Even films wich has nothing got to do with unrated stuff - you know what - comes with an unrated tag.Now they have started to lie out right.I know this is a marketing trick and i know it may be a joke thing for this particular title but it makes me sick that the marketing people is actually thinking that they are cheating the customers this way.I dont know about US , but this is illegal to do in many european countries , so Amazon please dont let studios trick your customers with these cheap tricks.Ah , about the movie , its knocked up . 1 star . Even no stars .
 This aint no comedy . A foul mouthed tepid load of rubbish . Lazy drugged up slob impregnates drunken beauty queen . She obviously traumatised by the experience tries to bond with her childs father . But he is a lazy useless monosyllabic bore.There is no chemistry between the leads , the main male character is particularly reprehensible , an introverted immature layabout . The script is terrible , not a single person laughed in the theatre I was in watching this dribble.How any one could call this a comedy is beyond me , movie making at its worst , one of the most horrible theatre experiences of my life .
 Perhaps I 'm too old for movies like this . Perhaps I should have known better - I gave up on 40 year virgin after 15 minutes . But the reviews were good so I watched it . The movie -LRB- to me -RRB- was utterly boring . I found little to laugh at , but perhaps the jokes belonged to a different culture . The characters were amiably pleasant but a bad situation was made worse by the continuous stream of bad language . Is this how young people talk nowadays - I doubt it .
 This movie is an insult to women everywhere ! Not that I expected an epic tale of chick lit from the director of The 40 Year Old Virgin , but come on ... it 's so crude and unintelligent , how can anyone have enough respect for these characters to want to sit through to the end ? I sure as hell did n't . Absolutely horrible .
 Again , Jonah Hill seems to be the common thread in a recent string of nonsensical movies . I was not sure if this thing was trying to be a sex ed movie or what ! Thank God Heigl is easy to look at , but not believable hooking up with the dork squad.As other reviewers have stated ; I expected more from the 40 year old virgin director .
 This movie was ok - I laughed out loud a few times but there was just too much in the gutter
 I guess I thought this movie would be really funny . It was n't . It was actually pretty painful . It was funny in spots , but it was slow to start . I was disappointed .
 Why does every comedy have to `` teach me a lesson ? '' It 's really annoying . That 's why The 40 Year Old Virgin was great . Sure , it had a few serious moments , but overall it was just a silly comedy . After a promising start , Knocked Up devolves into a preachy mess , which is ridiculous given its completely unbelievable premise . Come on - a hot chick goes home with some tool who gets her pregnant . Either A - she 'd get an abortion , or B - even if she had the kid , she certainly would n't feel obliged to try and fall in love with the guy and make him the daddy . What is this - 1950 ? I do n't want my comedies to ever get serious - with a plot like this , it makes it even worse . They should have stuck to making fun of the guy with the beard .
 I watched this movie for the first time on DVD . I was apalled by the language - when will writers learn that real people DO NOT talk that way 24/7 . None of the movie 's contrived situations made sense . It was gratuitous from the opening credits.This is not a story line that is untold . There have been many before it , which were told much better . It 's a shame , really , because this concept did seem to be a fresh , modern take on an age-old problem . I was eager to see its variation.And then I watched it . I was ready to stop the DVD and hurl the disk into the nearest landfill after 30 minutes , but stayed through until the end . I had heard the movie was a hit in theaters . I still do n't know why . It never misses an opportunity to be vulgar.It is said that the right amount of spice enhances a dish and too much spoils it . This dish is uneatable .
 I have to agree with the `` Just Plain Crude '' review . If you took out all the profanity , 95 % of the dialogue would disappear . The sex scenes made it embarrassing to watch , even though it was just my husband and I viewing it . We 're in our early 40 's and are probably too old for this movie but we wonder if this is the way most 20 somethings communicate today . It was quite offensive , to say the least.That being said , there were some moments when I admired Ben and Alison 's attempts at working out their relationship , highly improbable though that was , and accepting responsibility for the new life they created in drunken stupidity . The scene where Ben talks to the obnoxious stand-in obstetrician on Alison 's behalf , is almost touching . But when he reams out her regular doctor on the phone , his whole tirade can be bleeped out . This movie has an Adam Sandler quality about it . Just when a serious moment arises , it 's blown out of the water by something weird , obscene or vulgar.Had it not been for the overall crude nature of this movie , the basic story of a young couple dealing with a life changing event may have worked . But `` Knocked Up '' handles it badly . I wish I had n't wasted my time watching it .
 I thought this movie was going to be funny but it turned out dumb and juvenile .
 This movie is not funny , not artful . It is a vulgar , disgusting movie about sex and the sex act , not about relationships . What a waste of my life 's time watching it . I do n't see why any actor would have wanted to play any of the parts . I see no redeeming value to this movie , not even simple entertainment . Frankly , I ca n't think of any other movie I have seen that has been in the theatres that I feel so strongly negative about . Sure , I do n't like some movies as much as others , but this one is n't in that ballpark . It belongs in the sewer . My husband says this is a movie for pigs . If this is what our country 's culture embraces , then we surely are seeing the end of a wonderful country .
 Watching this film made me think of how I feel when I see things like the Jerry Springer show , or My Sweet 16 Birthday Party on MTV , or the like . This is the image of the USA going out to the world . This is how we are seen . Sad.Not only was the movie rude , crude , and vulgar , it was also unbelievable . This gorgeous , upward-mobile woman has sex with an unemployed , unattractive , foul-mouthed lug , but then proceeds to fall in love with him ? Even after he is horribly mean to her ?? Absurd.A few funny moments , I will admit . Just a few.Otherwise , very disappointing .
 I truly hated this film , and I am a big Paul Rudd , and Seth Rogan fan . The part with Paul 's nose in the strippers rear end was the final straw in this truly abysmal , lousy , depressing movie . If a man wants to watch something that makes parenting look like prison , then go it . If a woman wants to hate men , same deal .
 Finally watched this after all the hype . It was not funny and only marginally interesting . The 2nd half was a little better than the first . The fact that Alison , who is hot , successful and interesting would even acknowledge a boring slob like Ben made the whole framework of the film fall apart . Add to the fact that Ben was not the least bit funny made it worse . Usually in these cookie-cutter films , the sidekicks steal the show . Not in this case . What a bad combo , a boring/bad fit leading man whose buddies were NOT even 1 % funny ! Ugh ! What a waste of time.To put things in perspective - I thought 40 Year Old Virgins and Wedding Crashers were hysterical !
 I do n't normally review movies unless I really like or dislike them . I ca n't remember a similar disconnect between the critics ' favorable reviews and the utter banality and wretchedness of the movie . Inane humor , disgusting characters , gratuitous F-bombs , preposterous plotting , you name it.The only reason I sat through it -LRB- while picking up a book -RRB- was because my wife ca n't begin a movie without finishing it . In the end , she thought it was almost as infantile as I did .
 Synopsis
 The main thing I would like to call attention to is that the movie seemed slapped together . There are many examples of this ; but one of the more glaring is the very last scene . The male lead announces - seemingly seriously - that he has got a spacious apartment in East LA. . Then , in the same scene , the car is shown going down the California Incline onto the Pacific Coast Highway , heading north . Now , perhaps the guy was joking about living in East LA , but he could hardly be living in an apartment somewhere up the PCH , since his apartment is a short drive from the female lead 's apartment and SHE does n't live up the PCH . The geography of Los Angeles is played fast and loose and vague throughout the movie . The first scene involves the female lead driving her sister 's kids `` to school '' and what we see is a `` five mile '' drive down San Vicente , heading out to the beach . Now , first of all , the kids are quite separate in age , so they would not be going to the same school . The younger kid would n't even be old enough for pre-school . And yet we are supposed to swallow that they go `` to school '' somewhere in Santa Monica , because that 's where they 're headed . But actually we are not supposed to think anything of the kind . This is one of those movies where the audience is not supposed to know anything about LA. . So you 'll see some driving down San Vicente , because its real purty , with no justification for it , no idea of where these people are supposed to live or where they are going . So that , by the end when they senselessly head up the PCH toward Mel Gibson 's house , you 're supposed to be drinking that down like water .
 I do n't understand how this film gets recommendations . It is not funny , clever , witty , well written , or remotely entertaining . I had read some stellar reviews of this movie and was disappointed not just because it was n't very good , but because it goes to the level of inane . Good comedies are tough to write , but I know some sixteen year old boys who could have done a better job than the one who must have put this one together .
 When I heard about this film , I really had no desire to see it . Then seeing that it was one of the best reviewed films ever on Rotten Tomatoes , I decided to see why many of the nation 's critics were proclaiming this film to be a major masterpiece , on line with some of the greatest comedies ever committed to celluloid . Normally , when a film has a 90 percent approval on Rotten Tomatoes , I am suspicious . The vulgarity of the film does n't bother me . The childishness of most of the main characters does n't bother me . What deeply offends me is the preposterousness of the main story . These 2 characters would never get together in real life , only in a contrived , forced feel good movie such as this . This is another variation on stoner slob `` regular '' guy meets impossibly beautiful woman , and they get it on . Hollywood is probably to blame for bad relationships across the board in this country because of films like this . In reality , if a woman got pregnant by a guy like this , she would either have the baby on her own , or more likely , procure an abortion . It feels like that cliche that the `` couple should stay together for the kids '' , which in the long run hurts the children . In reality , the woman would have woken up the next morning , realised she made a mistake , and would have taken care of it.The film does have some funny moments . I especially like Ryan Seacrest , who is actually the funniest thing in the film . There 's a scene where Seth tokes on a bong with a gas mask on , which I found to be cool . And some of Seth 's friends repartee is amusing , though not incredible sweet , touching , and hilarious as the critics are trying to make us believe . It boggles the mind that the critics would make this film sound like a masterpiece . Maybe Judd Apatow is a really cool guy and treats critics well . Or maybe our standards are pretty abysmal right now , so a mediocre film like this gets raised to the level of Duck Soup and Lawrence of Arabia.Overall , there 's a few funny bits here and there , but the main story is so preposterous it 's insulting . It 's not worth your time .
 Crass , demeaning movie about a slob who has a drunken night with a beautiful girl who then pursues him for the most of the film . I wanted a comedy and was really demoralized by the end of this , a jerk-off 's fantasy about getting a girl pregnant and why men stay married . You 're better off watching `` Team America '' or `` 40yo Virgin '' again . Totally creepy .
 He was great as a side character in the 40 Year Old Virgin , he was great as a side character in Undeclared , he 's not great as a leading actor , unfortunately.The 40 Year Old Virgin was ok , Carrell was obviously more than able to carry a whole movie on his own , Rogen can not . But I did n't go into this hoping for another 40 year old virgin , I went into it hoping to laugh , and I did , maybe a whole 3 times during the 2 + hours it took for this to end.I did n't care about the characters , as the performances seemed like they were either mailed in or so over the top it would make Al Pacino blush in embarrassment . I 've read here & there that there 's a lot of attention paid to character in the film , as if this is supposed to be a comedic character study . Hardly , it 's just another 120 minutes of Apatow 's same old schtick , odd references and `` you '' this and `` you '' that.Even on it 's own merit it 's an instantly forgettable experience , and a waste of $ 4 .
 This `` comedy '' is just like all the others out there today . For some reason a movie made flatulance , sex and drugging funny . Because it was a success in that first movie it seems every single `` comedy '' since has fallen into the same trap . Instead of being original and coming up with their own jokes they copy all the other movies and repeat it verbatim . The only difference is they take different actors and actresses and make it `` unpredictable '' by changing up where the jokes are going to go . Give it a new name and you have `` A fresh and hilarious comedy sure to entertain ! `` This is one of those movies . There 's no originality -LRB- in plot or jokes -RRB- and it 's annoying to watch . I hate movies that like to get cheap laughs . It 's insulting to me but obviously the producers know their audience well because it never fails to get a `` falling on the floor crying '' response out of 12 year olds . And why , why , WHY do people think the more vulgar a movie is and the more they swear the `` cooler '' and `` funnier '' the movie is . I 'm so tired of the f-bomb getting dropped every other word . Swearing was cool when you were , say , back in middle school . When you 're out of college it just makes you sound like trailer trash and uneducated . And I hate how men think it 's OK to be vulgar towards women and women actually think it 's OK too ! Hilarious.So if you like stupid -LRB- as in really stupid -RRB- stuff that has a lot of farting , vulgarity and is unoriginal , this is the movie for you . If you 're tired of the same ol' stupidity with a different name , then skip this one -LRB- along with 90 % of all the other `` comedies '' out there today -RRB- .
 NOT MUCH 2 SAY THE BEST PARTS OF THE ENTIRE FILM ARE THE BEARDED GUY AND HIS GIRLFRIEND THERE ACTING IS BETTER THEN THE ENTIRE MOVIE DONT BUY IT RENT IT FOR A BUCK AT YOUR NEAREST RED BOX OUTSIDE MCDONALDS ALTHOUGHT YOUL BE DISAPOINTED THAT U SPENT THAT MUCH MONY ON GAS ON SUCH A WAST OF TIME !
 I could n't believe how puerile and bad this movie was , I just could n't make it to the end . Judd Apatow obviously blew his wad when he made `` 40 Year Old Virgin '' , a moderate movie at best .
 With so many teens commiting suicide how could anyone support a homophobic movie like this ? Apathy is tacky . Humor that makes fun of the most vulnerable in society should be unacceptable .
 Knocked Up is billed as a light romantic comedy . However , it is neither romantic , nor funny . This movie is unrealistic , juvenile , and dreadful beyond words.There is absolutely no chemistry between Katherine Heigl and Seth Rogen , or their characters , Alison and Ben . The entire premise is completely unbelievable . There is absolutely nothing in this marginal plot to indicate that Alison has any attraction to Ben , or why she ends up sleeping with him . Throughout the movie , the two were completely unbelievable as a couple.The `` comedy , '' if it can be called that , is infantile , crude , and at about the middle school level . Maybe boys of that age might find it funny , if the subject matter and the language were not so completely inappropriate . Middle school girls , and ANYONE over the age of about 17 , would just find it disgusting.I absolutely can not recommend this film to anyone .
 What a crappy rude vulgar in the worst way movie , i liked 40 year old virgin but this thing is plane stupid and over long Seth Rogen what a putz of an actorHow does some one get money to make this junk ? No wonder kid 's are messed up with this garbage . I am sorry i sat thru this big thumbs down do not let your teen-age kids watch this get them something funny this is not funnyBIG WASTE OF TIME ... !!!!!!!!!
 Knocked Up brings to the screen the story of a very beautiful and successful young woman who gets pregnant after a drunken night with a rather plain -LRB- if not slobbish -RRB- unemployed pot-head of a guy . They end up not remembering much of that night , but they will remember quite well what follows ... The plot has elements of both comedy and drama making it rather difficult to label it as one or the other ; it 's actually a bit of both.Seth Rogen , and the rest of the cast carry are characterized by mediocrity.Seth Rogen is not likable in the leading role and his kissing Katherine Heigl is actually revolting , even when then movie attempts to portray it as cute.Paul Rudd is almost unrecognizable as he looks like a POW straight out of a Viet Cong prison camp . He looks terrible.The supporting cast seem to be out of place and in need of acting lessons.On a positive note Katherine Heigl and Leslie Mann -LRB- both of whom are GORGEOUS ! -RRB- , stay afloat and seem to have great potential , so let 's see more of them in the future.The dialogues , for which the writers are to blame , are truly pathetic and are to a great extent behind the overall mediocrity.One thing was rather curious and that was how a specific small religious/ethnic group was mentioned throughout the movie for no apparent reason whatsoever except to promote it and possibly get the audience exposed to it and/or used to it ... Hmmm ... In a nutshell , it 's definitely not a movie you would want to add to your collection -LRB- it 's NOT worth the money -RRB- , but it might , just might , provide for an evening 's entertainment if you are heavily intoxicated . 2 Stars
 Hollywood films have a peculiar relationship with the institution of marriage . On the one hand , it is depicted as lifeless and loveless , as without any inherent interest or dramatic tension . On the other hand , it is shown to be that towards which every self-absorbed or driven man and woman is ultimately destined , and as their only possible means of redemption from all of the stupid and insensitive things they do , and from the ambitions that lead only to loneliness and isolation . These days , Hollywood filmmakers do n't usually go as far as ending in a church or to the ringing of wedding bells , but they clearly depict the idea that a woman is incomplete without her man -LRB- and vice-versa -RRB- . Knocked up takes the formula -- of trashing marriage and family only to later reaffirm its legitimacy and importance -- to the extreme.Ben is an extreme slacker -LRB- who has absolutely no internal censor telling him which thoughts to speak out loud and which to keep to himself -RRB- , an illegal alien from Canada , who has no real job and spends his days goofing off with his buddies , smoking pot and creating a celebrity nudity website -LRB- an idea that , unfortunately for him , has already been taken -RRB- . Alison is an up and coming assistant and soon-to-be reporter for E! Entertainment , who is living with her sister and brother-in-law . She goes out to celebrate her promotion , gets drunk and meets him , and nature takes its course . It takes about five minutes for her to decide to keep the baby and for him to decide he likes that idea -- and all of a sudden this totally mismatched pair is trying to make a relationship work for the sake of the baby . The filmmakers try to make plausible this match between a go-getter highly driven reporter and this lovable loser by establishing a heavy handed comparison with Alison 's brother-in-law . The only difference between the successful in-law and the pothead Ben , really , is that the in-law has a better job and a bit of money and a greater ability to keep his bad habits hidden from his wife . I guess what Ben has going for him is a complete and utter lack of shame -LRB- that passes for a kind of admirable and sweet honesty -RRB- . Needless to say , Ben will prove himself worthy of fatherhood -- by reading a few parenting books and inexplicably getting a nice job and an apartment and a nursery full of cool stuff purchased on credit -LRB- which is really strange since he 's an illegal alien who has n't had any prior credit and only just got a job -RRB- . I do n't think that gives the plot away because it was virtually guaranteed from the beginning . The message
 Long gaps between funny parts . There are a few funny parts but most are at the end . Overall i would not have paid to see it .
 `` Knocked Up , '' starring Seth Rogen and Katherine Heigl as lead characters light years beyond realistic compatibility , who , through the magic of unrealistic screenwriting that bafflingly passes itself as plausible -LRB- because it can -RRB- , come together . She is a beautiful ON-AIR reporter for E! Entertainment Network -LRB- implausibly plucked from her job as floor director , but that 's a whole different ridicularity -RRB- , and he is a low-brow , unemployed , illegal alien Canadian slacker who somehow pays rent , buys marijuana , beer and about $ 100 of new books at Barnes & Noble - all on a $ 450 annual budget . Yes , that 's right . He 's stretched $ 13,900 of a $ 14,000 personal injury settlement over seven years , and estimates the last $ 900 will get him two more.Writer / Director Judd Apatow might 've had something here had he written these characters as slightly less than quantum galaxies apart , in income , sophistication , looks , talent and ambition . Perhaps she could have remained a floor director at E! , a sufficiently glamorous job , and he a part-time clerk at a Blockbuster store while working on his celebrity movie nude-scene website -LRB- do n't ask -RRB- in his spare time . Throw in some very graphic and uncomfortable sex scenes , a poorly written sister/brother-in-law dynamic that is strewn with holes , the fact there is no second act at all -LRB- or was it no third act ? -RRB- , roundly unimpressive acting performances , and well , and you 're left with nothing . Actually , SNL 's Kristen Wiig is very funny as an uptight , disapproving E! producer , but that 's about it . NO for theater , NO for pay-per-view , NO for rental . MAYBE when it hits TNT . In three years . If it 's a slow day .
 I watched this last night with my roommates , because one roommate highly recommended it . They both seemed to like it . Personally , I absolutely hated it . I 'm not the most prudish person , but the near-constant use of the F-word and other profanity annoyed me to no end and was very distracting . Did they not know other words to use ? And the sex scenes were just disgusting and , as one reviewer said , pitiable . Yeah , let 's have an attractive , upwardly mobile woman sleep with and do her best to fall in love with a guy who is unemployed , unattractive , pudgy , lazy , disrespectful , foul-mouthed , smokes pot all the time , has his face in a stripper 's derrier near the end , is often quite mean to the woman , and created an Internet porn site ... THAT 'S realistic for an attractive woman whose career is on the upswing ! It dragged on and on for me , moved pretty slow , and I wondered if the writers knew any other words besides the F-word . I did n't find it to be all that funny , to be honest . My advice ? STAY AWAY from the unrated version ! It 'll be the longest , most profanity-filled two hours of your life !
 Critics , what were you smokin ' ? `` knocked Up , '' 2007 's surprise blockbuster from Hollywood 's new R-rated comedy king Judd Apatow , got such positive spin that I was primed for a raunchy good time . Nearly 2 1/2 hours later I , like most of the characters in this movie , needed anger management . Never have I seen a `` romantic '' comedy this hell bent on bucking logic as well as taste . -LRB- And never have I heard the word `` F -- k '' used this much since `` Scarface . '' -RRB- The premise is simple . Think `` Beauty and the Geek . '' A gorgeous up and coming TV personality -LRB- Gray 's Anatamy 's Katherine Heigl -RRB- sleeps with an unemployed loser -LRB- Seth Rogen -RRB- after a drunken night out . She gets pregnant . They play house.Now , in the movie world this plot line would make sense under one precondition
 Perhaps this movie is funny if you 've been in this situation , had kids and can empathize with the situation these characters are in ? I found it nothing but depressing and not at all funny . The unrated version shows actually shows a head crowning , and I have to admit I was not ready for nor expecting that . I found nothing entertaining about this movie at all .
 I 've read a lot of reviewers who call this movie offensive to women -LRB- including the star KatherineHeigel herself -RRB- But nobody seems to make a single mention of how offensive this movie is to men.Let me explain : The women in the movie are attractive , smart , strong , and independent . And they spend most of the movie verbally abusing the men in their lives ! I consider myself a strong proponent of equal rights , but after hearing these women , over and over and over , continue to call these men stupid and moronic and asses and just about ever other insult out there , I began to side with the poor men!In one scene , a woman , desperate to catch her husband cheating , follows him , sneaks into the house and `` catches '' him playing fantasy baseball with friends . If it was me , I would be relieved that he was n't cheating , and embarrassed that I acted so foolishly . NO ! This women instead begins to yell at and berate him for not wanting to spend every single waking second with her ! Well , I for one can see why!Think about it . What if it was the other way around ? What if it was a bunch of attractive , smart , strong men constantly insulting and berating their less than perfect women ? Would that movie even see the light of day ? I doubt it . Why has it become so commonplace and acceptable for women to treat men with utter contempt ? Respect is a two-way street , ladies.By the way , I 'm a woman .
 Man and I thought Bloodrayne was the worst movie ever ! That one is an Oscar contender compared to this one ... . well , maybe not , that one sucked too.I have decided to expound on my review based on a comment I received about it . I said the movie sucked , and now I will explain why.I tried to listen to the director 's commentary before watching the film and I could not get through 20 minutes of it . About 3 minutes into the commentary the lead actor -LRB- Seth Rogen -RRB- makes a totally disgusting pedophile joke , guess what folks , that guy was n't acting , he really is that stupid . After the 20 minutes of torture -LRB- listening to a bunch of silly men giggling and guffawing half the time -RRB- I decided to watch the movie because of the rave reviews it had received . To my dismay I then find that the movie itself has a pedophile joke . These two reasons alone were enough for me to regret ever renting the movie.The foul language was very distracting and the directors basically had the actors improvise the entire movie - which explains a whole lot . Few people were actually acting . The director himself said in the commentary that most of the script was improvised . A movie that had such great potential is nothing more than these people being themselves , which makes me glad that they live on the other side of the country from me.Katherine Heigl 's character was so oblivious to Ben 's glaring flaws that it is no wonder some women make such dumb choices in men . Let 's look at one particular scene , where she tells Ben that she is pregnant . So they are sitting in a restaurant and Ben 's character begins to talk very loudly without any regard to the obscenities that he was uttering in a restaurant filled with people that just ignored him . No one even glanced his way or said a thing . She herself just ignored that behavior as they did . He then goes on to explain what he does for a living and she just brushes that off ? Did she find his job `` amusing '' or `` cute '' ? Sure it made it seem as if she was uncomfortable by it , but did that stop her from talking to him afterward ? No.It can be argued that she did find it amusing and cute , as some women do . Maybe his obscenities are something that she herself uses all of the time and is therefore not bothered by it . I mean there are women that are swingers and such sexual talk probably would n't bother them , but does that make any of that funny ? As I mentioned in my reply to a comment , do you always laugh at laugh cues when you watch a sitcom ? Laugh cues are inserted each and every single time that a `` joke '' is uttered . Does the laugh make it funny , is the joke funny ? Not necessarily . Obscenities and lewd behavior can be funny , when done with intelligence . What intelligence was there in this movie?If you find this junk funny then there should be no wonder why the divorce rate is what it is . Or that America is becoming more and ruder as time goes by.Seriously , if you are looking for some kind of romantic comedy that actually makes you believe in the characters and that they are decent people , and then this movie is not for you . Some of you want to find a really good comedy that you can sit with your wife or girlfriend and enjoy . Something that is uplifting without having to be embarrassed at every turn because you chose something that had rave reviews and it must therefore be a good movie . Thus I am so grateful for websites and Amazon and enabling us to write our reviews and warn others to keep away from putrid garbage like this . If you decide to watch this filth , then do n't say you have n't been warned .
 I 'll be honest , I have n't watched this movie . But I swear I tried . I managed about 30 minutes , waiting for something either funny or exciting . Nothing at all.The movie 's title made me fear the worst initially , but with all the rave reviews , I had to give this film the benefit of the doubt . Surely , 90 % of critics can not be out of their mind . Well guess what , indeed they can ... This is a sad load of rubbish about rubbish people -LRB- yes , that includes blondie -RRB- . Its only redeeming feature was that I only allowed it to waste 30 minutes of my life , rather than the intended 90 or whatever.There 's this uninspiring joke of a guy who gets to sleep with a just as uninspiring promotion-happy Hollywood Barbie girl or something . She becomes pregnant , and I have no idea what happens after that but could n't care to watch . Boring boring , annoyingly boring . 2 out of 10 just cos I only wasted half an hour .
 In the spirit of full disclosure I must admit I turned this movie off after 30 excruciatingly boring , mind-numbing and painful minutes , so I ca n't really review the whole movie.What I did manage to sit through was awful !! I know that Judd Apatow movies are `` hot '' now but I have seen two of them and been woefully unimpressed by both . The Forty Year Old Virgin was made okay by the fact that the tremendous Steve Carell was the lead actor . He carried that movie to mediocrity . Knocked Up had no one to carry it that high.I do n't think I am curmudgeonly . I like silly and/or ribald comedy when it is FUNNY . This whole movie felt forced to me . Watching this movie was like being at a cocktail party and being cornered by that socially awkward person who is trying WAY to hard to impress you with what they know about life or their spot on sense of humour and not being able to get away from that person . At least with this movie I was able to get away by taking the disc out of the DVD player .
 THIS IS THE WORST MOVIE I HAVE SEEN IN A LONG , LONG TIME . THE PREMISE IS BASED ON THE FACT THAT THEY WERE BOTH REALLY DRUNK AND HAD SEX . IT IS CLEAR THEY COULD NOT GET THE BARTENDER TO WAIT ON THEM . THERE IS NO INDICATION THAT THEY HAD MORE THAN ONE DRINK.THERE ARE A LOT OF DISGUSTING UGLY DUMB GUYS INCLUDING THE `` STAR . '' IT IS HARD TO MAKE A ROMANTIC COMEDY WITH KATHERINE HEIGL , BUT THEY HAVE MANAGED . THIS MOVIE IS A BAD , BAD THING . WHAT WERE THE OTHER REVIEWERS THINKING OF ?
 The Good
 I 've enjoyed previous films by the actors/director but this was awful . Not very funny at all and extremely hard to believe . Paul Rudd and Kristen Wiig were the only two bright spots in this awful film . My husband and I talked about turning it off serveral times but kept giving it a chance to get better . The only good parts
 I could not watch the entire movie ... that is how bad I think the movie is.I read the other movies and rented it because of those reviews . Sorry but I did not think the first half of the movie was funny at all and I can not comment on the second half cause I deleted it . I think the movie is a total waste of time .
 Apart from about two jokes in this film , I wish I could get back that 2 hours of my life . I was ready to get up and leave within about the first 10 minutes , refraining only because my SO entertained the hope that it would get better . We were both let down on that note . Do n't bother .
 I watched half of this movie at a friend 's house the other night and we could n't even finish it . It was boring , lame , and just not funny . The whole time I was just wishing the girl would either have an abortion or give the baby up for adoption . This movie gave me the creeps . What a nightmare ! NOT FUNNY !
 I 'm white and i was offended as to how white this movie is . the dialogue was terrible and had gratuitous language . Terrible writers . I almost smashed my TV when the guy said `` life is like that show everybody loves Raymond except not as funny '' . This movie might only appeal to teenage girls that do n't know any better . Unfortunately that low common denominator will swallow this crap as truth .
 This movie would make my top 10 worse movies ever . I wish I could have given it a negative star .
 Sorry , I just do n't get it . this movie was n't funny or entertaining.Ugly -LRB- on the inside -RRB- people doing ugly -LRB- on the outside -RRB- things.pointless without any redeeming virtue.is this what passes for entertainment today?any episode of '' Two and a Half Men '' is funnier and better written than this waste of time.and will Seth Rogen ever tire of playing the stoned loser ? its really getting redundant and irrelevant.oh , and did I mention not funny.but I guess the main thing is the money keeps rolling in .
 Foul Language , Foul acting , Foul scenes , Foul characters , Foul everything . I was real excited to watch it-Love Katherine - but I was very unimpressed with just about everything in this movie . Very unbelievable that someone who is as successful and beautiful as Katherine 's character would ever have a one-night stand with the doped up , dirty mouthed male lead character . Then , to top it off , once she finds out she is pregnant , actually hunts him down and forces him to part of her world and adapts pretty well to his . Not funny . Not fun .
 This movie -LRB- the characters and the dialogue -RRB- is just void of any type of class at all . I turned it off halfway through . A total waste of time . The lead male has absolutely no charisma or screen presence at all . Depressing ,
 This movie was funny when it made a joke . Unfortunately , it made two throughout the two and a half hours during which I suffered . The only two jokes that they planned to make they showed in the trailers so there was really no reason for me to see the movie . The sister was horribly annoying and I wanted to shoot her , and most of this movie was so horribly random , like the Cirque du Soleil sequence ... both of the only quasi-stable relationships in this movie got together because they got pregnant . The fact that there are still accidental pregnancies in this country is a tragedy . Do n't buy this movie . Judd Apatow should be shot and stick to producing movies that Will Ferrell star in and help write . If it was n't for the genius of Paul Rudd , I would have walked out of this movie .
 The dialogue alone is so unrealistic -LRB- seriously , who swears that much ALL THE TIME !? -RRB- and unfunny , I gave up . Yes , a doofus can score with a cute babe but when I heard these people speak I just thought the scriptwriter has no clue at all . It 's one thing to throw stuff in to parody couples arguing but another to just have people go off on rants.Too bad this was not a horror movie as we could have killed off the annoying Seth Rogen in scene one . Then we might have a decent movie or at least have gotten Doughboy off the screen .
 I think this movie could have been so much better . Some of the characters were much more interesting than the two main characters and it tended to drag on . If you do n't have much going on and want something to watch while you are doing something else this movie is fine . You wo n't miss anything by having your focus elsewhere . But if you are looking for something to sit down and really watch , keep looking elsewhere .
 If you like stupid , inane , and bad language , you will love this movie . The movie is boring with a lot of ugly -LRB- inside -RRB- people .
 The film was trash . It 's only redeeming quality was that they allowed the child to be born instead of killing it like so many people do anymore .
 I guess the soulless scourge who find the lowbrow-humor movie , Knocked Up , `` funny '' also find bringing kids out of wedlock -LRB- called bastardized kids -RRB- into the world `` funny !!!! '' Knocked Up 's premise -- if you can call it that , which you can not since it 's more like a relentless running gag of p * rversity loaded with excess immaturity -- is that a couple of liberal , young adults artificially coerce one another into a relationship after she gets pregnant in their heartless and thoughtless one-night stand , a one-night stand which refuses to take into consideration that sex is primarily for procreation , not hedonism.Again , you can tell that liberals had their reactionary , little paws all over the script of this obscene film because it encourages sex out of lust and drunkenness , premarital sex , viewing babies as the mere , annoying side-effect of copulation , and birthing b * stard kids . The concern here is , obviously , unless you have no moral integrity to speak of , that young people and teens will be disadvantageously influenced to copy this misbehavior in real life because they misguidedly think how `` cool '' it was depicted on screen . Declining marriage rates and out-of-wedlock births are no laughing matter as the US government in 2006 -- as part of its census figures -- reported that the rate of out-of-wedlock births was around 40 % !!!! This film callously spits in the eye of said b * stard kids who are growing up without either Mommy or Daddy in their lives.This is an R-rated movie , so right there one knows how infectious most of its material-fronting-as-humor will be ; the tragedy with many R-rated movies is that they 're marketed to teens who are n't allowed to see the sm * t-movie under the ratings system . If there are ANY parents -LRB- not in their right mind -RRB- out there reading this who have the nerve to permit their teens to see this showcase of lewdness and lowness , I 'm going to shame you into reversing your decision by citing all the ethical breaches Knocked-Up perpetrates.In order to determine whether a movie will have content in it which will degrade my character -- impurity like excessive sex , violence , swearing , drug use , etc. . -- I consult the parent-friendly website called Screen It , which lists moral affronts in movies to determine their admissibility for young people . Knocked-Up fails on all counts !!!! For instance , remember the depraved scene-disguised-as-humor when we see Ben 's pimply rear end after he and Allison `` got busy ? '' Kids and teens do n't need to see the obese , hairy rears of fat guys like Seth Rogan , and this is after the enormously suggestive scene immediately preceding it . To show the depraved one-night stand , the liberal writers gloatingly and asininely showed Ben and Allison rushing to copulation without putting on condoms !!!! The ethical affronts aside , this movie glorifies dangerous sexual malpractice in this day and age of rampant STDs.Or how about the infamous scene indulging in the foulest of unsanitary `` jokes ''
 Any man or woman with taste should avoid this trash at all costs . Yes the antucs are too vulgur and sickening . Just stay away .
 I had huge expectations for this movie - always a bad idea going into any movie ! I had really enjoyed the 40 Year Old Virgin , Apatow 's previous movie , which was original , very funny , and chock full of interesting characters . In addition , `` Knocked Up '' was the best-reviewed comedy of the year , garnering all manner of great reviews by actual professionals.But only 30 minutes into this movie , my wife and I were already bored with `` Knocked Up . '' It 's bad enough that the premise is simply unbelievable
 There are only a few things to like in this movie . First , two charming co-stars , unfortunately saddled with an empty script . Second , the movie depicts an unmarried couple who decide not to abort the baby they unintentionally conceive . That is a huge positive . Third , the reconciliation of a difficult relationship between these two people from vastly different backgrounds . A very good movie could have been built around these three positives . But , alas , the downside in this movie is that there is very little interesting or funny for anyone 17 years or over , as most of the dialogue is filled with gutter language and most of the `` jokes '' are scatological or drug-centered . If you are less than 17 , you might like this movie , but you will have to attend in the company of an adult -- and that adult will not find much that is interesting or funny . Is this what entertainment has sunk to ?
 My friend , who never walks out of movies , nearly left `` Knocked Up '' in the middle . I wo n't say the film was that bad , but it 's certainly not worth the $ 6.50 matinee price . Unless this type of movie is really your cuppa , I definitely do not suggest purchasing the DVD . -LRB- Although the soundtrack has some definite possibilities -RRB- Heigl and Rogen did n't spark . I could n't figure out precisely what Heigl saw in Rogen at the first bar scene when she was clean and sober . I realize they 're supposed to be different , but even after the scenes called for them to be a couple , they were n't believable enough to seem real.The humor was elementary kid level disgusting , for example , telling how Rogen 's 3 male roomies got pinkeye . I can see boys under the age of 12 laughing at that , but most of the women sitting around me were openly disgusted.I do n't object to swearing , but if every other word is an epithet , I tend to tune out . Clearly , the screenwriter did n't go to too much effort to make interesting dialog . `` Knocked Up '' may well be , as one reviewer suggested , great birth control , but probably for females only .
 Oh my . Those were the only two words I could think of to say about this garbage after I saw it . I was thinking it would be a light romantic comedy , but no . It was more of the Seth Rogan type overplayed and tired humor . I swear I do n't know how he or `` McLovin '' became so cool , but it is just wrong . It had 100 too many f-words , some parts were downright disgusting and made me want to puke , and the story line was far fetched to say the least.The only reason I watched it through to the end was to see if it got better , but no it did n't . It is really a shame Katherine Heigl was in this movie because I think she lost some brain cells while filming it . I just ca n't recommend this movie to anyone who has ever been a part of a partially intelligent conversation , had any proper schooling , has any respect for women , or anyone who does n't sit at home all day/everday on the couch eating chips and drinking beer .
 Originally my boyfiend bought us tickets to see this movie the night it came out , but we went for dinner and drinks to kill time before the movie showtime . Well , we were having such a blast at the cheesecake bistro that we never made it to the movie . Thank goodness . It would have set a weird tone for the night because it turned out to be nothing like the comedy we were excpecting . We bought it and watched it the day it came out . It just was n't funny for either of us -LRB- and we LOVE funny movies - Wil farrel , Adam Sandler , Harold & Kumar , Van Wilder , we 're pretty easy to please in the comedy genre . -RRB- Thruought most of the movie it makes the guy say `` I hate when women do that , why do they do that ! '' ... and it makes the girl say `` I hate when guys do that ! Why do they do that ! '' but not so much in a hilarious blooper kind of way , just regular crap that annoys the genders about each other . If they wanted to take typical girl/guy mistakes and disagreements and make them funny then they should have used more creativity . Perhaps a touch of the Ben Stiller approach -LRB- just a touch though -RRB- and had some of those simple mistkes or misunderstandings lead to crazy events that have you thinking `` OMG What are the odds of that !? Lol , poor guy/girl ! '' I am also 11 weeks pregnant now with my first child , and at the end when she has the baby -LRB- very graphic -RRB- had me in tears ! I did n't want to cry , I wanted to laugh and neither one of us did much of that except for the occasional `` Ha ! '' and maybe a giggle . Hopefully no one is upset thinking I gave away the end , because long before I saw this movie I heard from serveral people that at the end there was a graphic baby scene - I just di n't expect it to make me cry . Perhaps it would n't have hit so hard if the movie had been more of a lighthearted comedy up until that point , but it was almost kind of frustrating for each member of the opposite sex .
 I bought this movie because I heard from a lot of people that it was hillarious . About two hours into it , yes two hours , I was like `` is this still going '' and `` Is this over yet '' . The movie was n't very funny and was a waste of over two hours of my life and twenty bucks .
 Normally , my wife likes light silly romantic comedies . So , she thoughtthis would be the ticket . She hated it . -LRB- I only watched it to eat somepopcorn and because I remembered it having generally positivereviews . -RRB- Anyway , my wife thought it was `` infantile '' with too much obscenity , andwhen it was over she thought ... so what ? No interesting dramatic twists , no surprises , She also thought the prosthetic fake belly was obviouslyfake.I would agree with my wife on this one . A waste of time . Not very funny.One other thing . I checked out the special features . Some of them are , well , interesting . One of them makes the director look like something ofan obnoxious jerk . I wonder how they got included .
 Alison -LRB- Katherine Heigl -RRB- gets pregnant after having a drunken one night stand with a guy named Ben -LRB- Seth Rogen -RRB- . Alison 's mother suggests she have an abortion . But , for reasons that are never made clear , Alison decides not only to have the baby but to contact Ben and ask him to become part of the baby 's life . The idea is that these are two young people trying to be responsible and do the right thing . But this is totally inconsistent with their actions , as Ben continues to smoke pot on a daily basis and does n't even bother to get a job until towards the very end of the movie and Alison seems completely OK with this . Even more absurd is that the movie shows Ben and Alison falling in love and even planning to get married . Yet the two have nothing in common and the idea that an up and coming career gal like Alison would go for a immature , unemployed slacker like Ben , especially while she is on the verge of motherhood , is nuts.I was especially disappointed in this movie because it was written and directed by Judd Apatow . Apatow was the director of the short lived but brillant `` Freaks And Geeks '' TV show . In this great program the joys and fears of adolescence were intelligently and hilariously depicted through the lives of several Michigan high school kids circa 1980 . These were the teen-age years as I , and many others , personally experienced them.But both of Apatow 's film efforts , `` Knocked Up '' and the only slightly better `` 40 Year Old Virgin '' , have been typically mediocre Hollwood comedies , needlessly vulgar and without enough laughs . To me it 's a shame to see Apatow 's obvious talent wasted on `` sell out '' schlock such as this .
 I did not find much funny in this movie . Seth Rogen had no redeeming characteristics . His insults and verbally vicious rants to Katherine Heigl was so bad that any woman who accepted it and took back that guy needs serious help.This is one of those movies that I just do n't understand some of the 5 star reviews talking about it like it had some amazing meaning and was such a heart warming story . If anything in this movie is even close to normal for people , then I feel sad for their lives .
 Judd Apatow 's Knocked Up seems like a comedy that could n't work on paper , but the way the film starts out you may be thinking differently . For a good amount of time , Knocked Up is a vulgarly funny comedy that finds Seth Rogen and hottie Katherine Heigl as mis-matched mates whose one night stand escalates into said pregnancy . From that point forward though , Apatow tries way too hard to get into the character 's heads , and towards the end of the film , throws one non-sensical leap of logic at you right after the other . There are some highpoints here though , most notably with the supporting cast . Rogen , in his first starring role , is decent enough , but the best moments definitely go to Paul Rudd as the jaded husband of Heigl 's sister -LRB- Leslie Mann -RRB- . Harold Ramis is on board as well as Rogen 's father , who it 's always good to see on screen , even if it 's all too brief . In the end , Knocked Up ends up being a typical and predictable -LRB- not to mention overlong -RRB- mainstream comedy that does n't push boundaries nearly as far as it thinks it does , and despite it 's game cast and occasionally funny moments , Knocked Up is n't anything you have n't seen before and probably seen better .
 This movie has an unbelievable plot . It is not funny , very slow , and a waste of time .
 I must say after reading all the great reviews , this was a mature disappointment . If you like a lot of profanity , maybe this movie is for you . However , we could only watch the first 45 minutes , then was disgusted and shut off the DVD and watched TV . This is definitely not a family comedy . I prefer comdedy done is good taste , and felt this has none .
 How did this make so much money at the cinema ? Is it a comedy , is it a drama , or is it a commentary on marriage , abortion , etc ??? Not funny in the slightest and a chore to get through . Blah .
 I was so excited about this movie , I had heard it was hilarious , well I watched it will two other people and none of us found it funny . It was vulgar and dumb . There was so much swearing which I could have overlooked if it had been funny but it just was n't . There was nudity and lots of drug use . I suggest passing this movie and seeing something else .
 The Brute Man was the last film of Rondo Hatton , an acromagly sufferer whose disfigured looks were exploited by Hollywood in a series of movies in which he played a psychopathic back-breaker called The Creeper -LRB- although none of the movies , including the Sherlock Holmes thriller Pearl of Death , has any link and were not part of any series -RRB- . This cheap PRC production has Hatton hunt down the people responsible for his disfigurement -LRB- an explosion in his college lab -RRB- and also murder various others who get in his way . The victims include a nosy shop assistant and a jeweller who insists that Hatton pay for a broach . Meantime , he falls in love with a blind woman but she eventually betrays him to the police and he tries to kill her too.One of the amusing things about this movie is that there 's supposed to be a huge Dragnet out for Hatton but he 's always walking down the street openly despite his looks and appearance . He actually does n't give a bad performance . Deapite his reputation as The Ugliest Man Alive his looks are n't really bad enough to warrant the screaming reaction he gets from some of his victims . Film is padded out by some silly footage involving the investigating police -LRB- at one point playing cards when the Commissioner comes in and then taunting him -RRB- . A pretty silly script and a general lack of style .
 Rondo Hatton plays the Creeper in the cheap , dull and exploitative THE BRUTE MAN , and gawking at him is about the only reason to get this one . After exposure to poison gas in World War One Hatton contracted a disease that severely elongated and deformed his facial bones and Hollywood came a-calling in the 1930s . Hatton appeared in about twenty-five movies , almost always playing a mute bad guy , before dying of a heart attack shortly after THE BRUTE MAN was released.If you want to see Hatton in an enjoyable flick get THE PEARL OF DEATH , a 1944 Sherlock Holmes mystery with Rathbone and Bruce .
 Rondo Hatton was a victim of acromegaly whose deformed face -LRB- and voice -RRB- were tastelessly exploited in several films of the Forties . This one has two distinctions -- it was Hatton 's last film -LRB- he died before its release -RRB- and it was the only Universal horror film which Universal did not bother to release , but rather sold to the ultra-low budget studio PRC for release , altho the film still begins with the Universal logo . The plot involves a handsome college student whose face becomes deformed due to a laboratory accident . Since Hatton actually was handsome and athletic in his pre-acromegaly period , the film has a bizarre parallel with his own life . -LRB- But it is difficult to accept that this type of deformity could be caused by a splash of acid . -RRB- The nouveau ugly man becomes a brutal killer , proving it is possible to be grotesque on the outside and rotten on the inside , too . He befriends a young blind woman who believes blind people have good character judgment , yet she never suspects he is a brutal killer . This grim , depressing film is interesting in a perverse way .
 This is the kind of movie that would be compared to something like Chopper Chicks in Zombietown . It has all the laughs , some frights , but too funny to take seriously . That 's the issue with Idle Hands . Devon Sawa does n't take the fact that his parents are dead very emotionally , which is weird.The only part of this movie I really hate is the ending . It completely stunk , and made me agree that it was only a two and a half star movie . There are a lot of people who still like this movie and I hink it 's great . But to give this film three stars is silly.I could watch this movie again and still find it funny . That 's about how good it is .
 This movie is a total ripoff of Evil Dead 2 . This is n't even sick or disturbing , it actually pretty tame and really not funny.The acting is downright horrible , but I guess its supposed to be for the comedy . See Evil Dead 2 , thats a horror comedy , or if you think you can handle it , Dead Alive -LRB- unrated version -RRB- . They are much better and ten times funnier than this bubble gum.This movie gets two stars because the scene where the EVIL DEAD 2 WANNABE hand was slinging the cat around was hilarious .
 How very strange ... usually I 'm the one giving great reviews for the things everyone else hates , but here ... The premise has some potential
 Every remotely funny line in this movie -LRB- promoted as a comedic horror movie -RRB- was shown in the preview . If you like alternative horror movies , this may be for you , but I thought the plot was weak , the dialogue contrived and the movie generally awful . The only redeeming qualities of this movie were the acting skills of Seth Green and Rodman Flender . Know what you are getting into with this `` B '' movie for the nineties .
 this movie had some funny parts , the guy who worked onhis truck was pretty funny!the two buddies were okay whenthey came back from the dead , the guy with the possessedhand did a good job.but forthe best reason to watch thismovie is jessica alba , thisbabe is hot ! i hope hollywoodhas sense enough to cast herin upcoming movies.good onesnot silly ones like this .
 Let me be direct
 Idle hands is hopefully at the end of a cycle of horror flixs that was started in 1996 by Scream , a satire of the slasher pictures of the 70s . Like all cycles in the movie business , this one has been brought down by the weight of too many cheap and derivative knockoffs When this happens , it finally does n't matter if a movie in the category is good or not . People do n't buy it . Ironically , the next big cycle was kicked off this summer by another , albeit more sophisticated and serious , horror genre - the psychological horror / ghost story -LSB- The Blair Witch Project , The Sixth Sense -RSB- . Idle Hands is further handicapped by being neither one of the best nor one of the worst of the `` scream '' cycle.It starts off well enough . The time is Halloween . What other time is there ? Young Anton 's parents retire to bed . After the lights go out , they see an ominous message written on the ceiling . All hell breaks loose , and this sequence unspools like a twisted situation comedy . The next morning , Anton -LSB- Devon Sewa -RSB- wakes up , oblivious to the fact that his parents have gone missing . But then the teenager is oblivious to almost everything except drugs , sex and rock and roll , as are his two best friends , Mick and Pnub -LSB- Seth Green and Elden Ratliff -RSB- . As the day progress , it becomes apparent that one of Anton 's hands has taken on a mind of its own . It has become homicidal . Most of the funniest moments in the movie show the boy and his deranged hand fighting for control . Devon Sewa , like Jim Carrey , is a very physical actor.Idle Hands is a homage to many old movies . The uncontrollable hand reminds me of a Peter Sellers character , Dr. Stranglove , in the movie of the same name . The opening pays tribute to Halloween , while the dance scene is straight out of Carrie . Anton 's ghostly friends are just like the ones in An American Werewolf in London . One problem is that Idle Hands is nowhere near as good as the movies it salutes.The bigger problem is that every character is self-centered and stupid . The writer and the director do not understand that , even when a movie is a horror satire , if the audience can not relate to any character , interest quickly wanes . One morning Anton discovers his parents have been whacked , and , by that night , he 's trying to make it with the girl next door . You can laugh at this idiot , but do you really care about him ? This is not to say that there are no clever scenes in the movie . It is to say that the audience 's involvement remains superficial . It 's one of those pictures that leaves no impact and is forgotten by the next day .
 First time I saw this it hit me as fun . Second viewing felt like a waste of time . At least the DVD includes an interesting alternate ending .
 THis movie is ridiculous . Even watching it as a black-horror comedy , it is horrible . To show gore is the only goal of the movie and even this fails , because the special effects are stupid . This could be a `` trash '' or `` B '' movie great picture , but everyone involved -LRB- teen actors , director , etc -RRB- are uninspired . This was a shame to the horror genre , which already is full of prejudices against it .
 Worst movie ever made with the possible exeption of `` I Still Know What You Did Last Summer '' . Everything just sucked about this movie and it just got worse and worse as it went on . Ever little stupid thing in that whole movie want funny , scary , or good at all . The one thing about this movie was stairing at the hottie in it , but this stupid movie still isnt worth being one of my coaster . For God sake please dont watch this movie !
 There 's nothing wrong with this movie , if you like a bunch of bad tasted sequences , terrible acting , bad horror , this is the movie for you .
 Depending on who you are , you will either enjoy this film or think it is rather stupid and insipid . I happen to fall into the latter category , and although I do believe there are good movies aimed at that particular audience -LRB- teens -RRB- I do n't feel this is it . . The writing is underdeveloped , with a story that is , although has its moments , seems to be trying to hard to be humourous while still maintaining its horror element - resulting in a graphic gore element mixed with botched comedy . This , like HALF BAKED , seems to support dope smoking , although the interpretation can be that that is the reason Anton 's two friend 's end up dead and he has a possessed hand because he is lazy and is going no where with his life . Yet this is nullified when the kids still smoke it at the end , contributing the end to ` good marijuana ' The main character 's name I figured was a nod to Anton LaVey , who is the founder of the modern day Satanic church . There is no explanation given why Anton 's two friends come back from the dead , other than they just did n't want to go ` toward the light ' . In a scene reminiscent of NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD they come out of the ground , providing gross humour . Like the horror genre it is more of a spoof of than an actual example , there is nudity -LRB- two kids decide to fornicate and are dressed in KISS costumes -RRB- . All in all , a bad movie that is aimed at the teen-age genre with pointless drugs and a bad script . I do like Seth Green , however . He is one of the few redeeming factors -LRB- that and the movie 's refusal to take itself seriously -RRB- in this B flick .
 The humor is low and the horror is high ! This teen flick will nauseate your stomahcs as Antoin Tobias -LRB- Devon Sawa -RRB- stars as a drug atic who sits around like a slug and disovers his hand has been possessed by Lucifer and he must stop it before he kills anyone else besides his parents ! Jesica Alba stars as his hot girlfriend and Seth Green stars as Devon 's duggy friend as well ! NOT RECOMMENED ! Rated R for nudity , strong horror violence , drug use and language .
 what 's the idea behind it , I spent the whole evening thinking of what they want us to see , it 's violent movie , full of killing scenes . I saw horror movies before let 's take an example -LRB- Blair Witch -RRB- this is something for real you feel your body shake like a blinder and you spend the whole night wake . this movie is not like this , they want to say that ideal hands are devils playground !!! or they just want us think that smoking drugs will cause you to do bad things , actually I do not recommend it .
 Yer another comedy flop . The film promises , but never quite delivers . Sure it 's corny , hammy and dumb and for a while it 's funny , but towards the end it just becomes stupid . These teen comedies do n't really appeal to me , but the small horror content of this film saves it from being boring . It just could have been much funnier .
 Pretty low budget -LRB- minimal F/X , if any -RRB- , B-grade horror/comedy that of course gets its main + points as an intro to Dark Angel 's Jessica Alba . Maybe worth a looksie if you 're * really * into quasi-horror/wanna-be comedy films or are curious , but otherwise you 're not missing much of anything if you even skip the $ 1 rental -- really no `` horror '' surprises beyond the first five minutes or so . Pretty simple and not terribly original , dramatic , or impressive , and generally not recommended as a film worth seeing , * very * unlike an Unbreakable , Frequency , Sixth Sense , etc. ... The general concept could have been done * far * far further , and still may one day resulting in a top-notch horror film .
 This movie is absolutely disgusting . It has an idiotic plot , and a terrible cast.I 'm generally one who likes a lot of movie genres -- drama , adventure , action , comedy , some horror , sci-fi . . This film tries to make horror funny by using excessive violence . It is disgusting . I 'm an 18 year old teen , and I 've seen some pretty bad movies , but nothing near this . It 's one of the few movies I 've ever considered stopping in the middle because it was so gory .
 i was disgusted when i saw this movie in theaters . this kind of excessive violence was horribly disturbing and i ca n't imagine how people find this entertaining . i 'm a 17-year-old Scream fan who enjoys horror movies , but this kind of violence was completely unnecessary and makes me worry about the future of our country if people can watch this stuff without thinking twice . skip this flick unless you 've been possessed by demons yourself .
 This movie was the ABSOLUTE Worst movie that I have ever seen . Do NOT buy this movie , and Do NOT spend 3.00 to rent it . This movie had a Horrible plot and it was just blood and gore and BAD acting .
 Idle hands is a poorly made teenage serial killer film , in which a slacker teenager 's hand is possessed and kills other teenagers . Jessica Alba has a small part as a girlfriend . Skip this film
 Idle Hands -LRB- 1999 -RRB- Devon Sawa , Seth Green , Elden Henson , Jessica Alba , Vivica A. Fox , Jack Noseworthy , Katie Wright , D
 I wish i could give no stars for this movie ! it is terrible ! one of the worst movie i have seen.Disgusting , not funny , with a ridiculous story.I have just seen it , and boy , was it terrible ... YUCK !!!!
 Well , all you 'll get watching this freak movie is a little bit of gore -LRB- bad special effects , by the way . . -RRB- and some young actors who seem to be wearing skirts yet ... Sad . Skip it .
 Some fellow below said this is the best movie ever ... Uau ... THis is a dishonest `` horror '' movie , taking some bad teen actors , adding some badly produced gore , making funnyless jokes all around ... Everyhting failed miserably here -LRB- and I like to watch ridiculous horror movies , like `` SCREAMS '' , `` NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET '' , etc , just for the sake of laughing -RRB- . But this one is so bad , I almost ejected the tape from my VCR in the middle of it . A shame that actor so young accept to shoot this kind of garbage .
 This movie was sooo stupid , and filled with all-around crappy acting . -LRB- with the exception of Seth Green -RRB- As for comedy , the fact that 3 kids sitting around smoking pot for a good deal of the movie is supposed to be funny kinda scares me . Do n't bother watching this one .
 This movie is only for people who think teenagers smoking weed is funny . This movie did n't provide any laughs or gore , and it was nothing but an Evil Dead 2 ripoff . The story was one of the most pathetic I have seen in a long time , and it resembled something of a late-night B Movie . In fact , I 've seen B movies with a better plot than this . Evil Dead 2 was 10 times funnier in it 's 20 minute possessed hand sequence , and a lot more original . And the ending ??? could they have come up with anything worse ??? the chick is tied up on to a car that is going to flatliner here on the ceiling , which has a pentagram painted on it ??? give me a break . but , like I said , when you have guys like Seth Green smoking weed in a movie , it 's sure to be a winner with a lot of brainless teenagers who do n't know what a real horror movie is . or a comedy for that matter .
 tried to watch , I couldnt make it all the way through . plot was bad . his has were posessed ? eww gross . only good thing about this movie is j. alba
 `` Idle Hands '' is a horror/comedy that is too gross to be horrific and too crude to be a dark comedy . But it has a good cast that tries it 's very best to make use of a mediocre script , but Vivica A. Fox has the best character in all of the movie.Devon Sawa , who was great in `` Final Destination '' and the hilarious `` Wild America , '' is at his worst acting role in the '90s -LRB- and hopefully his LAST -RRB- at playing a teenage stoner who wakes up Halloween Eve to find his right hand possessed by a demonic force and enlists fellow stoner -LRB- Seth Green , Oz in `` Buffy the Vampire Slayer '' -RRB- to get rid of his demonic hand , resulting in outrageously gory and crude results , leading to an annoying climax . `` Idle Hands '' is one of those rare horror/comedies that is uneven , crude , exploits premarital sex from `` Friday the 13th '' , too gory and predictable for genuine shocks , and that Hollywood should burn . If people think this is funny or horrific , count on an incredibly disappointing film like this . If you want to see an effective horror/comedy , rent `` An American Werewolf In London . `` Rated R for crude and sexual humor , disturbing violence and gore , nudity , and for language .
 this film is pretty much at the bottom of the stupid level . I must have picked up a version without the `` gross-out '' scenes everyone 's talking about . Even the special effects are silly-looking . Bad news all the way around .
 It may be impossible to find a movie that is actually stupider than this
 I HATE THIS MOVIE ! I HATE THIS MOVIE ! I HATE THIS MOVIE!I HATE THIS MOVIE ! I HATE THIS MOVIE ! I HATE THIS MOVIE ! JESSICA ALBA IS HOT BUT THE MOVIE IS UGLY ! I HATE THIS MOVIE ! I HATE THIS MOVIE ! I HATE THIS MOVIE ! I HATE THIS MOVIE ! I HATE THIS MOVIE ! I HATE THIS MOVIE !
 Remember all those really campy films from the 1950s such as The Crawling Hand ? Idle Hands is basically the same type of movie , only much sillier , much campier , and in some respects embarrassingly bad . The filmmakers really do n't even bother to explain the whole silly concept ; a corporeal , murderous hand on the rampage normally does n't need a lot of background info , but in this case Anton -LRB- Devon Sawa -RRB- simply has his own hand somehow possessed without the rogue hand causing all the mischief even finding him . Only after Anton cuts his hand off , do we return to the more traditional animated , murderous hand on the rampage theme , and that works much better than Anton 's constant battle to control what his right hand is doing as long as it is attached to his arm . As far as the rest of the explanation goes , we have a Druidic priestess -LRB- Vivica A. Fox -RRB- trying to find and destroy the hand before midnight Druid time , at which time the hand will take a soul into the netherworlds . In my opinion , this story does n't even begin to work.A little bit of comedy is supplied by the always-funny Seth Greene -LRB- who plays Mick -RRB- and his buddy Pnub -LRB- Elden Henson -RRB- . These two , along with Anton , are the triumvirate of lazy , pot-smoking teens -LRB- just the type of victim said hand likes to prey upon -RRB- . Probably the funniest part of the film involves the reappearance of an undead Pnub and Mick -LRB- who carries his severed head around with him most of the time -RRB- ; the staircase to heaven , they said , was just too far to walk , so they decided to just stay on earth . The only bright spot in this film , and the only reason I wanted to see it , is Jessica Alba . I was somewhat amazed to see some of the facial expressions and attitudes she would later display in her role in the incredibly good TV series Dark Angel.Idle Hands is just too stupid to be at all horror-inspiring , and it is too stupid to even be funny for the most part . I usually love these types of campy films , but in this case I would have to say that the fellow with the most idle hands of all was the scriptwriter , as he really did n't give us much of a story for this film .
 Which is n't a good thing . If you 've seen any recent horror flicks within the past 10 years -LRB- Taking Lives , Wrong Turn , I Still Know What you Did Last Summer , Scream -RRB- , then you know it 's filled with the dummest imaginable good guys , cheesy plot and almost un-killable bad guys . And scenes that are supposed to thrill you and you just wonder when this is going to end . I almost fell asleep in a few of those movies , that 's how lame , tiring and boring they are . Fortunately , for this film , it has Jessica Alba and Seth Green , who are two fantastic actors/actresses and are always delightful to see . Seth Green is hilarious as the main characters buddy , and Jessica Alba is more then sexy . However , the movie is beyond cheesy -LRB- like a hand jumping out a microwave through the window , smashing the glass in the mean time and landing in the bush , but it ca n't escape the microwave . Or , when the lady -LRB- played by Vivica A. Fox -LRB- Kill Bill -RRB- -RRB- is hit by a car , which is backing up , and then is sent 50 feet . Uh huh , that 's realistic . Ends sarcasm . -RRB- Then there is tones of un-necessary gore and silly scenes like the guy losing his head . And how exactly did his buddies get back ? They do n't explain anything and assume everything is magical . It delivers the comedy pretty well , thanks to Seth Green for that , but is just too silly , far too cheesy and extremely lame -LRB- a hand that is possessed ? Please , give me a break . -RRB-
 I love rowing and watching movies which involve rowing . This movie which is specifically about rowing falls short to capture my attention .
 I was excited to find this movie at my local video store this weekend - to be honest , I had never heard of the film before seeing it on the shelf . I almost wish I had left it there , though.I rowed for my college while studying at Oxford more than 10 years ago -LRB- `` We love you Worcester , oh yes we do ... '' -RRB- , so I understand the sentiment behind the Boat Race , the importance of rowing in Oxford , the feeling of many Oxford students towards Americans and the lingo of rowing in Oxford -LRB- different from `` crew '' in the US -RRB- . Accordingly , I was all set to be excited by this film.Unfortunately , the acting was as wooden as the blades they used in the race , the story was thin , and by 2/3 of the way through the movie , I resorted to fast-forwarding to the rowing scenes.I would suggest this movie for those people who spent time at Oxford and want to see scenes of early morning outings , Crew Dinners and other little vignettes that will remind them of their stint.Otherwise , I 'd take a pass . Oxford Blues is more entertaining .
 Ok , the cover looks like a clone of Miracle with Kurt Russell and that is about the best thing this movie has going for it . West looks really young so this is probably a made for tv British film that has been repackage to ride the curtail of West recent critical acclaim on HBO 's The Wire and on the success of Disney 's Miracle . I did n't finish the movie because I honestly did n't care who won the boat race . Unlike Miracle which keeps you watching despite Russell 's wardrobe and great looking toupee , this movie never draws you in and you just wish the boat would sink and drown the entire cast .
 The only good thing about this movie was my wife going into labor 2 hours later . We must have fast forwarded 1/2 the movie , and it still leaves a bad taste in my mouth . My wife enjoyed labor more than I enjoyed enduring the movie . Be careful if it 's not close to your due date ...
 featuring cookie-cutter travel log footage of Scandanavian scenery to the very last scene with 30 exhausted extras shouting `` God Save the King '' at three better than average actors standing ill at ease on a wooden platform , it was all pretty disasterous.I knew that it was a no go at the first syllable of the `` narration . '' Instead of showing us the murders of Amleth 's father and brother , we were told about it . Instead of showing us the horror and mystery of Amleth 's father 's ghost appearing to him and telling him of his uncle 's treachery , we were told about it.The poor actors were given almost nothing to play . I imagine that they were pining for Shakespeare 's genius for writing superbly playable scenes and dialog . He would never have left his actors so stranded.The story and the actors deserved far better . What a total waste of celuloid .
 I was expecting a fine film , given the excellent cast and the sponsorship of so many European film groups . As it turned out , I finally found that the only way I could endure watching this film to its conclusion was by treating it as a comedy -- laughing at the unbelievably stilted dialog , the tacky costumes and sets , the population of Jutland and the English `` armies '' that consisted of no more than 30-40 people each , and just about every other aspect of this abysmal film . I am sure that there are more convincing productions by amateur theater groups , and there may even be better high school productions .
 The movie manages to diminish good actors , and to unwittingly showcase their performances in a mocking tone . It 's not bad acting , it 's unintentionally bad filmmaking . Rough and tumble . I think the most succinct way to describe this movie would be to cite its conventional cinematography which attempts to belie it 's low-budget , but only reveals it in a pointed and relentlessly awkward way . I rented this film because of its superb cast -LRB- Helen Mirren ! Christian Bayle ! Tom Wilkinson ! Gabriel Byrne ! Brian Cox ! Kate Beckinsale ! -RRB- and because of the exciting prospect of seeing a film based on the actual legend of Hamlet , as historically penned by the Danes , which inspired Shakespeare 's play . However , this is a case of great performances that are slighted by awkward camera angles , misdirection , and a very low-budget . I was astonished to see the film was made in 1994 . The film stock quality had convinced me that this was made for television in the early 1980s . This film is good to see if you are a filmmaker yourself , and trying to learn the craft , which often times can benefit from seeing a badly shot film as much as a well shot film .
 I love all of the actors in this movie ... in their other movies . This movie looks as low budget as a PBS re-enactment documentary . In fact , I started to think that it was after the first 10 minutes of b-role and narration - and the actual actors being shown only in small vignettes . I 'm thinking that this movie maybe was a chance for the actors to take paid vacations . You 're better off watching the Mel Gibson version of Hamlet .
 After watching this extremely low-budget film of a tale based on the historical story of `` Hamlet '' it was easy to see where all the money went
 What an awful `` play '' on Hamlet . With such good acters -LRB- Helen Mirren !! -RRB- , I expected a really well done movie . The acting seemed forced , the plot ridiculous - unlike Shakepeare 's Hamlet . Very badly directed .
 Imagine `` Hamlet '' with Shakespeare 's lines removed and replaced by clunky dialogue , delivered by actors with almost no talent -- with the exception of the wonderful Helen Mirren , who is completely wasted here . Save your time and money , and watch one of the many fine versions of the real `` Hamlet '' -- the one written by Mr. Shakespeare .
 Even though Christian Bale is in this movie -- just forget it . The movie is very slow and the plot changes all the time . Very fake settings and boring . Christian Bale is the highlight in this one but skip it anyway .
 This movie merits one star due to the underused cast , a brief sighting of Helen Mirren 's breasts , a close up of Gabriel Byrne 's gorgeous eyes , and a slightly younger Brian Cox being low-key duke-ish . People who make movies continue to mystify me . With all the talent and money it takes to create a motion picture , even a low budget motion picture , why do so many fail on an epic scale ? Royal Deceit has all the finesse of a high school stage play . Not believing that a picture is worth a thousand words , viewers get voice-over explanations of events , characters , motivations.Dialogue was stilted and unpoetic , situations were contrived so naked female parts could divert attention from the poverty of the script . And if you 're interested in naked female parts , let me hasten to say there are n't enough to justify even paying to rent this movie.Royal Deceit has moved to # 1 on my list of Best Cast , Worst Films .
 Austria is absolutely BEAUTIFUL and rich in culture and tradition . I found this video , however , to be dry and boring . Often they are showing you a person sitting and talking about something when they could/should be showing you scenery or pastries or inside the salt mines or museum or so many other things . And it tells nothing of what the people live on today - is it entirely a tourist place where everyone works in cafes or clothing or putting on balls?What I learned from this is that they have salt mines , and coffee is always paired with pastry , and that children are brought up learning ballroom dances and etiquette and manners . And that they have a strong appreciation of the cultural arts.Pretty much a swing and a miss for me .
 This is a d-grade oater and nothing more . The other so-called reviews are duplicate frauds meant to hype the movie , though why one would devote one 's life to that must be pretty pitiful .
 * WARNING
 I had high expectations for this movie . I like Paula Garces , Stanley Tucci , and Ruben Blades . I thought `` what could go wrong in this movie ? '' Well pretty much everything . According to imdb , Spin did n't have a theatrical release date and it really shows . The filming looks choppy and movies that do n't get released in theaters are sure fire fails unless it 's the movie Hook 'd Up . The `` conflicts '' in this movie seem really forced . The jury is still out on Ruben Blades as an actor . He 's a great recording artist , but his acting leaves a lot to be desired , with the one exception being Safe House . Stanley Tucci is the only one who 's performance is top notch . Paula Garces ' performance just did n't seem to recover after that incest assault scene and by the time this movie came out , she was pushing 30 . She was way too old to play a high school student . Ryan Merriman is a weak lead character and his arrogance is similar to Andy Garcia in The Godfather Part III . Except Andy Garcia is a great actor . Spin is hailed as a coming-of-age tale . But it 's more like a dumb slow paced fail . For those who are Paula Garces fans , pop in The Harold & Kumar trilogy or Man Of The House instead of this dreck . Spin crashes and burns into the worst movie list of all-time !
 I purchased this video because I liked Ryan Merriman when he was on the TV series Veritas . He must have been desperate for money when he signed onto this dog of a movie .
 I purchased both seasons , started watching the first season and never finished it . -LRB- It is still in my carousel DVD player -RRB- I thought it would be funnier than it was and I do n't know when I might bother to go back and finish watching it . Others may disagree with my assessment but I think I may give my second season -LRB- unopened -RRB- DVD away as a gift .
 No offense , but this is such a gyp . The cursing is still bleeped , and so is the nudity , No offense , but when I plopped down 23 of my hard earned dollars for this , I expected that I would at least get a few specailities -LRB- ie , cursing and nudity -RRB- . This is a moral outrage , and CC should be ashamed .
 I am disappointed with my purchase - I ordered at the same time I ordered 4 other porducts and received everything else within the week . Although it did say up to 14 days - In today 's world I have a hard time understanding why a DVD would take 2 weeks to deliver . It was a Christmas gift and of course I received after Christmas . I would not buy from this distributor again !
 RENO 911 is a mildly amusing parody of COPS . The batting average for jokes is about two out of ten are laugh out loud funny , but the rest of it does generally make you smile . Like all of Comedy Central 's other shows , the thing is low budget , but I suppose that 's part of the charm . As another reviewer has said , close on the heels of this release a true classic police parody is finally being released on DVD
 Reno 911 is n't original , but it is often funny . It reminds me of Police Academy in many ways as well as Mad TV . The show is an improvised spoof of the reality show Cops , but if you really want to see a police show satire that rocks the house then buy Sledge Hammer
 If you like to see stupid people doing even stupider things , you will love Reno 911 . I do applaud the cast on trying to keep things fresh -LRB- which always is n't easy w / an improvised show -RRB- . Overall though , I 'd have to say it gets boring after repeat viewing.On a side note , the show is not filmed in Reno -LRB- the Palm trees are a dead giveaway -RRB- , nor does in particularly reflect Reno in any realistic sense . Not that it needs to as the show itself is a farce .
 I understand the spoof of Rescue 911 and even the wildly moving hand held camera during the chase scenes , but when the camera is bouncing around while doing an interview , then that is way too much . Makes the series basically unwatchable . Save your money .
 Reign of Terror , or The Black Book , is one of the great Anthony Mann 's very best pictures - a nightmarish tale of the French Revolution shot in the style of a film noir expressionistic nightmare with superlative production design from William Cameron Menzies . But I 'm loathe to say any more that might encourage you to buy this disc simply because this is without doubt the very worst DVD I have ever seen - the poor contrast and appalling definition ruining John Alton 's brilliant cinematography , while the variable transfer speed makes slurs of many of the witticisms . This is a neglected masterpiece crying out for the kind of treatment that MPI have given the Sherlock Holmes films , but whatever you do , do n't make the mistake of thinking this terrible transfer from Alpha/Gotham is worth the low price - it is n't , and that 's a real crime against cinema .
 This movie is a gem , but to view it in these poor conditions -LRB- the frame is off-center , the blacks are light grey and the pictures fuzzy -RRB- is really an offense to the original material . Do n't be fooled by the low price . Even if it was free I would still hesitate .
 This is a comment on the Synergy Entertainment release of Anthony Mann 's `` The Black Book '' -LRB- AKA `` Reign of Terror '' -RRB- . This splendid film just ca n't get any respect on DVD ! The running time of this version is 75 minutes , making it 14 minutes shorter than the version on Alpha Video ! Critical scenes are missing , with Synergy imposing its own fade outs on entire sections . Even the previous reviewer who called this version `` passable , '' noted the gaps in continuity . Visually , the print is much softer than Alpha 's , with many jumps and splices , with much more of the picture area cropped off , and it goes in and out of focus . I previously thought that the Alpha release was the worst transfer of a movie I had ever seen , but this travesty put out by Synergy is a total disgrace , and should be avoided at all costs !
 This edition of an Anthony Mann film has been crudely transferred , and is actually worse than another release of the same movie still around.It requires muchvideo adjustment to get it to a comfortable image . It is a shame for it has many first class features : -LRB- 1 -RRB- A script , reasonably faithful to actual history , but obviously cut to come out as a basic thriller , -LRB- 2 -RRB- a splendid cast , with the exception of Cummings , who however does not spoil the drama , -LRB- 3 -RRB- Arlene Dahl , one of the great beauties , who did not havetoo much luck with her assignments.Maybe some day some one will produce a restoredfaithful print .
 Essentially a fake DVD , apparently ripped from a VHS recording from a television broadcast and missing about twenty percent of its running time . Very disappointing , since the film is a fascinating specimen of the work of the director Anthony Mann and the great film noir cinematographer John Alton .
 this is an interesting film by quality film makers -- but the quality of the print on the DVD STINKS ! Not sure where one can find a good clean print of this public domain film ... However the vendor that shipped the DVD was excellent .
 I saw this film on AMC and thourghly enjoyed it . I was shocked when I saw this DVD . Who was the inept clown who edited out many of the most important sequences and made the DVD version so patchy as to be almost unwatchable ? The film was not that long and did not need to be edited . If you only watched this DVD you would be hard pressed to discern a cohesive story line . I will not purchase anything more from this distributor as they should be ashamed of themselves .
 Ca n't I give it a zero-stars rating ? Shucks ! Well , Alpha Video transfers tend to be inferior , but this surpasses their usual race to the bottom . about 20 % of the picture is missing on the left side , which is odd considering that fitting it to the TV format meant only trimming it from 1.37 to 1.33 . So what they 've done is taken some off either the top or bottom as well as the left side . Titles and credits are offset to one side , and not by just a smidgen . The video quality is totally sub-par ; obviously , they have n't made the least effort at restoring the film . Finally , the audio is barely comprehensible in some parts , and poor in the least-worst parts . I did n't even bother finishing the movie . It 's going directly in the trash.Based on my previous experiences , my recommendation to everyone is to avoid an Alpha Video transfer . Unfortunately I did not notice they were the publisher . Equally unfortunately , theirs is the only copy that 's been published .
 I did n't realize that there was a better , but still bad transfer of this , that also has more of the film . This version is very blurry . You can tell that it is a gorgeous film , so Mann fans should see even a poor version . The secondary actors are well cast . Arlene Dahl is beautiful , if not much else . Robert Cummings is n't all that good , but he does n't overact dreadfully , as I 've seen him do in other movies , so I sort of liked him in this . While not all that accurate , the film does deal with some of the factual happenings of the revolution and has a great air of menace .
 Although this is a truly great classic film-noir period piece with some fine acting and suspensful script , the quality of the DVD -LRB- I would hate to see the copy in VHS -RRB- is almost too painful to watch . The backgrounds are all too dark to recognize , any details of footage is lost in the poor transfer quality , it 's an all-around a terrible disappointment . I would recommend not purchasing any DVDs from this company despite the very inexpensive price . If you want to throw your money away , donate it to some worthwhile organization -- do not buy this DVD !
 I did not like this movie at all . It was too long , the acting was n't very good and it was boring at times . To me it was a recreation of the documentary which is pointless to redo . The only reason I did n't give this 1 star is because the background story , in the beginning of the film , got my attention . If I 'm going to sit for 2 hours and watch a movie about Woodstock I 'd rather just watch the real thing via the documentary .
 I wanted to like this movie . Demetri Martin , who plays the lead character , has always made me laugh with his stand-up comedy and I was hoping for good things in his debut movie role . I 've also always been a big fan of Woodstock and the music and fashions of the 60s . I 've seen the original Woodstock movie -LRB- way back when , on VHS -RRB- and was expecting this to be a funny behind-the-scenes view of the events surrounding the main event . However , this movie is not actually about Woodstock -- certainly not to the degree that the trailers and posters suggest . Taking Woodstock is about a young man coming out of the closet in the late 60s , who just happens to live near some kind of musical festival . And you know what ? Leaving aside my disappointment that the concert pretty much does n't feature in this movie at all , it 's still not even a good story in itself.Firstly , the vibe is all wrong . There is nothing of the feel of the 60s here at all . Secondly , Demetri delivers his lines as though he is reading them . Even in the rare times when he musters a convincing display of emotion he just does n't have any screen presence . Most of the other actors play simple stereotypes , overplaying their roles to the extent that they 're almost a parody of their own characters . Also , trotted out as though by checklist is the typical medley of 60s cliches , such as the inadvertent acid-trip . And where the heck is the music ? For a movie supposedly based around one of the most musically-significant concerts in the history of modern music , there is almost nothing at all . You get the closing two bars of someone pretending to be Simon and Garfunkle , plus some brief snatches of other songs here and there , but nothing that makes you think of the real Woodstock performances . Somewhat ironically , the first piece of music in the movie that is readily-identifiable as being from this era is by The Doors , a band who were never invited to Woodstock.So , it 's not about the music , it does n't authentically convey the 60s vibe , the dialogue is trite , and the characters are mostly cardboard cutouts . The props and settings are pretty convincing , though . Oh , and the poster looks cool . I recommend that you skip the movie and stare at the poster for a couple of hours instead .
 The director certainly tries his best to capture the feeling of the Woodstock phenomenon / festival from a periphery . The film is well shot . However , the script examines the phenomenon through the lens of a money-driven family and major events through their son who is coming to grips with a whole bunch of non-Woodstock related events . Homosexuality , interpersonal relationships , career etc. . ZZZZZZZZZZZZ . Personally , I could care less what this uninspired actor/comic does . Liev Schreiber is one of the few actors in the film who keeps you from turning off the whole thing . In short - there was nothing of Woodstock in there to hang your floppy hat on . No sequences of musicians , no staged behind-the-scene sequences . Nothing , other than a drug-induced scene in a van where there is some Woodstock music played against a dreamscape of LSD inspired visions . Slap in some nudity , some tie-dye , some eccentric people and call it movie .
 Perhaps Ang Lee had some unfinished work after directing `` Crouching Tiger ... '' or `` Hulk ? '' So he decided to apply a cartoon mentality to the reality of Woodstock ? All the characters in this movie are `` types . '' Two dimensional . Woodstock was a `` happening '' that actually `` happened '' to people in a whirlwind and unique way . This could have and should have been captured with the humanity of at least a few characters fleshed out . Instead this film shows the main character as more of a fluttering piece of paper that contorts in the wind but in the end lies flat as before . Desperate reality -LRB- like negotiations with the banker over the motel mortgage -RRB- are still forced into a comic strip mentality , the troupe living in the barn has no sense of the grubbiness of their situation or the searching quality of youth , and on-and-on it goes . For the touchstone event of a generation , this film is a dramatic failure in the one area it should hit center mass
 As a huge fan of the 1960s music , history and culture , I have to admit that my expectations were a bit high . Still , Taking Woodstock did not even come close to my hopes for this film . The plot centers around the character of Jake Teichberg and the motel that his mother and father own . The motel has been sitting vacant for years and the family is in jeopardy of losing the place to the bank . In a certain twist of fate , Jake discovers that a music festival has been turned away by two towns in upstate New York . He is able to secure a permit to have the music festival held in his own town of Bethel . Suddenly , the producers of the festival and their staff are lowered into Bethel by helicopter . With them come thousands of audience members who inundate the sheltered town with hoards of hippies . During this historic event , Jake is battling with himself and his family over his need to leave his hometown and secure a future for himself elsewhere . Though Jake never actually gets to see Woodstock or any of the singers who performed , he does meet his first transvestite , smokes his first joint , and trips on acid . Though he basically missed the entire event that he helped save , he comes out the other side an adult.Though it sounds like a great premise , the way that the director -LRB- Ang Lee -RRB- actually created the film made it drab and boring . Jake came off as being an extremely sheltered , neurotic , and whiny boy who was caught between his own life and that of his parent 's . It is clear that his relationship with his parents created a great amount of stress for him , but his personality made it almost impossible to root for him . In addition , the characterization of the audience members was entirely one-sided . While the town laughed at them and called them hippies , Ang Lee did not do anything as a director to make the audience feel differently . The only character that was in the least bit dynamic was the transvestite Vilma who was played by Liev Schreider . Even Lee 's portrayal of concert producer Michael Lang seemed one-dimensional with Lang being the sage-like hippie who spoke almost like Yoda . Perhaps the most upsetting , is that because Jake never gets to witness any of the actual festival neither does the audience ! To add insult to injury , none of the music from Woodstock was even played in the movie . Basically , this is a film about Woodstock without any elements of Woodstock included in it . Overall , it was a huge bust and I believe that Woodstock experts and novices will find this film to be greatly disappointing .
 Having just listened the audiobook , I thought it would be fun to watch the movie . It was unbelievably awful . It 's hard to believe this was directed by the same man who did Brokeback Mountain , one of my favorite movies.The actors in this film were basically milling around mouthing their lines with little interest . Demitri Martin was terrible and so miscast as the self-loathing yet sensitive closeted gay Jewish man . The book went into his background , kind of a coming of age tale -LRB- a bit TMI but it made the whole story more interesting -RRB- in an age when gays were still so shamed and oppressed , and how that slowly started to change.This was probably not a good book from which to adapt a film . I 'm glad I got it from the library so I did n't have to pay a dime for it . After slogging through the first excruciatingly boring half , I did some work on my laptop while glancing at the last half so I would n't completely waste 2 hours of my precious time.In my opinion , this film is one to skip . Completely .
 This is one of the most uninformative , uninteresting , and unconvincing movies I 've ever seen . If I was n't too exhausted from the rest of the festival I would have walked out , but I have a policy not to do so for any film in case some how in the second act something brilliant makes up for the first - in this case a stereotypical to the point of being borderline racist/xenophobic -LRB- the ` Jewish Mother ' literally hoarding cash in her closet seen later hugging the pile while she forces her husband and sun to live in abject poverty -RRB- unappealing mix of unmotivated clich&eacute; acting and characters . One or two scenes are slightly interesting visually , but to fit in the bland loosely edited boring diagesis of the rest of the film 's world they only occur on an acid trip . To put in a brash manner , Taking Woodstock was one of the worst movies I 've seen in my life , and by far the worst I 've encountered at a festival , from a sheer effort-in-filmmaking perspective - especially in contrast to prior work from such a beloved director .
 this movie is not a movie . it is a thinly disguised notthing . and paying for this movie is a crime against every movie maker who truly makes an even decent movie . thismovie has none of the music , and none of the real joy of woodstock . although for my money there really was n't any joy of woodstock . ya see the thing about it is , that all those who attended woodstock while preaching about love and drugs and whatever , were drinking and eating and being taking care of by those who worked their hinnies off . that little cleared area where they held woodstock ? oh right , it had been taken care of for years by a farmer for his cows . and all that poop being removed from woodstock , some guy working had to remove it . and on and on . well ya get the drift.ya see the thing about those who want everything for `` free '' and want ti all just to be peace love and joy , is that they want all the amenities of civilization . they just want you to do the work while they spout off about `` freedom . '' freedom now , and always has cost a lot.and then there 's that whole gory -LRB- that 's the only word for it -RRB- hollyweird thing where even though `` gays '' are this very small segment of society , they must be a major factor in every movie . every girl must have her `` best friend '' be gay ... is n't that intersting?so in this movie we have the main character exchanging a few googly-eyed pieces of conversation with another male who just happens to be a construction worker -LRB- can you say `` village people : '' ? -RRB- and who the movie maker , ang lee , just apparently does n't wan na do another brokeback , er i mean , woodstock mountain movie . know what i mean ? but for all that , there sure is n't much `` love '' going on in the movie , the only saving grace ? liev schrieber was hilarious as a dolled up security guy . but that 's five minutes of a boring ineffective horrid no-redeeming grace movie.you only have so much time in yer life , do n't watch this movie with any of it .
 I feel kind of bad giving this movie only 2 stars . After all , I had a vested - in very minor - personal interest in Taking Woodstock . It was largely filmed right down the road from my house , and I even got to be an extra in it -LRB- although I 'm not sure I ever actually appear in it anywhere -RRB- . An interesting experience . More interesting , by far , than the movie has turned out to be once I finally saw it . You 'd think , with a movie that had that sort of personal connection , I would n't get drowsy in the first 15 minutes , but I did . It just ... dragged . Forty minutes into it , the person who was watching the movie with me seemed bemused by its `` Woodstock '' title , and also expressed a feeling that it was somewhat aimless , adding that `` it seems almost like an amateur movie '' . It 's a tough movie to critique , I 'm discovering . It 's hard to pick any one thing that you can hold up as particularly bad . Maybe that 's the whole point . It does n't feel like there 's enough real substance or structure , or point , or anything to really grasp onto with Taking Woodstock . In all the hours I sat around on `` the set '' , waiting , watching and listening to what was going on , and observing Ang Lee directing , I remember thinking to myself that it did n't seem like he really knew what he wanted a lot of the time , that there was a certain vagueness to the vision . Assistants often stepped in to try and clarify for people what was wanted , which came across -LRB- again , to me , at least -RRB- as contradictory and confusing . And I guess that 's how Taking Woodstock struck me
 Avoid at all costs . I had read this DVD was awful and I wish I 'd listened . I 'm a yoga teacher and I own hundreds of audio and video routines , and this is the worst one I 've ever encountered . It 's not a matter of personal preference , either -- the problems with this production are so bad this DVD is n't even usable . Here 's why :1 . There is no instruction . And I do n't mean `` not enough instruction for beginners '' -- I mean NO instruction . Most of the time you have to be looking at the screen to see what she 's doing . She does n't narrate at all , and when she does , it 's very flat and vague , such as `` now stretch this way . '' It would n't help to preview the DVD or practice it , either . Her transitions and hold times are COMPLETELY random .2 . Her form is absolutely awful . I would hate for someone to use this DVD and try to emulate her . An example
 Here 's a great idea . Let 's take a bunch of washed up actors from the 1970s and early 1980s , and put them in a `` Police Academy '' style slapstick comedy . Then let 's make sure to have HBO run the film on a perpetual loop for a year or two in order to convince an entire generation of pre-teens that our project is the height of hilarity . Well , why not ? Jackie Kong 's `` Night Patrol '' came out in 1984 , at roughly the same time similarly themed films like `` Police Academy , '' `` Police Academy 2 , '' `` Airplane , '' `` Airplane II , '' `` Bachelor Party , '' and `` Stewardess School '' swept cable audiences off their feet . I 've fond memories , and I see I 'm not alone , of kicking back during the hot summer months and watching these cheesy classics day after day on cable . And let 's face facts
 so - finally Night Patrol comes out on DVD and what do they do ? They mess up the beginning soundtrack by eliminating the extra commentary going on in the background skit , they give no extras or subtitles , they eliminate the bed scene which is the happy ending of the hero/heroine and most of all , THEY DELETE BLAIR COMPLETELY out of the final bed romp and play her giggles while the motion stop image stays there ???? AND , to add insult to injury , they eliminate the Blair part of the credit bloopers - what is going on - if i wanted an edited version , i would have waited for it to come back on tv again - what happened to the integrity of original editions ? Yeah , I still luv the movie , but what a big disappointment and with no mention upfront -LRB- NO PUN INTENDED ! -RRB- ! but , hey , how would it be if all the naughty parts were cut out of dvd reissues of other movies , like dangerfield 's `` easy money '' ? the clean - made - 4 - tv edition has no laugh potential at all when he takes the garbage out back and sees the nude sunbathing female neighbor - whatta rip !
 I SAW THIS MOVIE WHEN I WAS YOUNGER , MOSTLY FOR LINDA BLAIR.AFTER SEENING IT AGAIN , I PROBABLY WOULD NOT HAVE BOUGHT THIS MOVIE.IT IS A CHEESY , CORNY MOVIE.THERE WERE SOME FUNNY PARTS IN IT.BUT AFTER SEENING IT AGAIN I PROBABLY WO N'T LET IT TAKE UP ANY SPACE ON MY SHELVES .
 `` Night Patrol '' is awful . I 'm talking mind-numbingly atrocious . If you are about 12 years old and are highly entertained by farting then you 'll love this film . Otherwise , there is nothing redeeming in it whatsoever . Linda Blair ? Awful . Pat Morita ? Awful . Andrew Dice Clay ? Awful . Please , do the world a favor and do n't waste a moment of your valuable human life on this horrible film .
 I 'm not really a fan of &#34; over the top &#34; gore or &#34; blood squirting everywhere everyone 's gon na die whether they want to or not &#34; kinds of &#34; horror &#34; films . I ca n't even remember if I was actually even startled ... much less &#34; frightened &#34; ... yawn ... . Alexis Texas is kind of cute but not enough to watch the movie again !
 Bloodlust Zombies -LRB- Dan Lantz , 2011 -RRB- I watched five movies yesterday . -LRB- Actually , five and a half , since I finished one I had started previously as well . -RRB- And I am willing to say right up front that the reason Bloodlust Zombies was , by a nose , my favorite of the bunch has to do with the exact combination of the movies I watched -- because I am willing to grant this movie 's vociferous , and scathing , critics pretty much every bad thing they say about it , but in every case -- every single one -- I watch a much more widely-praised movie that did it worse than this one did . So , yeah , in the canon of bad -- and this is a movie I decided to watch because -LRB- thanks to the wonderful Google Chrome Netflix Queue Sorter plug-in , which is in and of itself worth switching to Chrome for your primary browser if you 're a Netflix user -RRB- I sorted my queue on star + average rating and then chose something in the bottom five , which I do on occasion just for grins -- this was listed as the third-lowest film in my queue . -LRB- I did n't have the stomach for The Dead Undead , which is # 1 , and I 'm saving # 2 , Bloodlust ! , for watching with my infant son , who seems to be more attracted to black and white movies than color when he 's up all night . -RRB- And every one of those other movies that did something worse ? They were higher up -- in come cases , a lot higher up.Plot
 Wow horrible film with porn star acting and sets , I guess someone in the industry thought they might break into the mainstream . This is a waste if you want to watch T&A watch porn star Alexis Texas in one of her movies . This is n't funny nor is it even remotely scary .
 GRADE Z MOVIE FROM BEGINNING TO END.GOOD THING I BOUGHT THIS WITH MY AMAZON CREDIT CARD POINTS SO IT WAS FREE.HATE TO THINK i WOULD HAVE PAID MONEY FOR THIS P.O.S.AVOID AT ALL COST ... LIKE ANY GOOD ZOMBIE-PUT A BULLET THROUGH ITS HEAD
 Hodder made a name for himself in the Friday the 13th flicks as Jason Voorhees , but he 's all wrong for this movie . The Steve Railsback & Carrie Snodgress film `` Ed Gein '' from 2001 is much closer to what really happened for a number of reasons . First , the shock of the real-life story comes from the fact that Gein was a `` normal '' guy with a short-circuited brain . Railsback nails the whole `` Norman Bates '' aspect of Gein without turning him into a cartoon or ... as an example ... Jason Voorhees . Second , the late Carrie Snodgress nails the character of Gein 's whacked-out mother , who forms much of the psychological underpinnings of what he did and why he did it . Third , the 2001 film flows much better as a movie . Ed Gein was n't an action figure or a hero or a Freddy / Jason / Michael Myers template . Look at how the story was adapted in `` Psycho '' ... a true psychological thriller , not a gore flick . Also look at the original 1974 `` Texas Chainsaw Massacre . '' That film was based on a non-stop air of foreboding and contained very little actual graphic blood & gore . The 2003 remake of TCM features a documentary called `` The True Story Behind the Film/Ed Gein
 With ED GEIN , I half expected to see a true depiction of the man that was Ed Gein and the life he led . Something intelligent . Something real and true to his story . Many many films have been based on the sick twisted life that was Ed Gein
 . . it does n't work as a looka t the real Ed Gein , or as a slasher film . I only bought this because of Kane Hodder , but there is really not much offered here . If you must absolutely watch this by any means rent it only , you will save yourself the trouble and can get something better . I have nothing good to say . I gave it two stars and not one because it was bearable . I was able to at least finish it through all the way without falling asleep .
 The only real thing in this movie was some of the pictures shown in the beginning . The person who played Ed was ` nt even close to resembling Mr. Gein in any physical way and the movie did ` nt even tell the real story . This is so sad to see because it misleads people . What 's even worse is crappy movies like this have even got the most ignorant of people thinking that even The texas chainsaw massacre was real , so sad
 This movie is probably one of the worst Ed Gein movies that I 've seen . The main character is NOTHING like the real Gein . The story is so inaccurate that it is n't even funny . If you truly want a more accurate movie on the life of Gein , rent the 2001 version . This movie is nothing more then your typical slasher movie and you can rent these for a dine a dozen . If you want to truly see this movie , just rent it , do n't waste your money buying it .
 I 'll be covering ground already covered by previous reviewers , but hell , I wan na put my two cents in . This is another movie using a famous serial killer 's name with the sole purpose of selling a horror film rather than telling a docudrama . Of course this does n't stop the film makers from slapping the ol' `` Based on a True Story '' tag on in the beginning . `` Based '' being the key word here . 95 % of this film is fiction , just so you know . Do n't think this is how it all went down . I may be no expert on Ed Gein or anything , but I 've read two books on the case , and I am able to smell the B.S. , and there is alot of it in this film . Oh sure , one or two things may be accurate , but not the important stuff . This is a true crime case run through the cliched horror movie machine . Watching this strictly as a horror film is a disappointment as well considering it is so cliched , and you feel like you 've seen it many times before -LRB- and you have -RRB- . Everything 's over dramatized for the sake of the viewers . Subplots and characters added , and of course the climax has to be so much more ... climactic . There 's an effective scene or two here and there , but would n't it be nice to actually watch a true docudrama about the Ed Gein case ? You 'd have to make it a suspense/drama to do it right , not do it as a horror movie . Kinda like that Ted Bundy film , The Deliberate Stranger with Mark Harmon . But exploiting a real crime to make a schlock horror film is insulting to the audience as well as those who were victims or affected by the real crime . What 's the point of a movie like this if you 're not gon na do it right ? There are so many horror/suspense films that have taken their ideas from the Gein case anyway , so why not do something unique if you 're gon na go to the source ? Hell , just look at the cover ! Obviously the intent -LRB- and influence -RRB- of this film was The Texas Chainsaw Massacre , not the Ed Gein story . I like Kane Hodder , what healthy , God fearing American does n't ? But the casting was obviously to lure us horror fans as opposed to being realistic . Same goes for Michael Berryman , who 's given the thankless role of Gein 's graverobbing partner . WTF ?? How 's that for an inaccuracy ? Though Berryman may be the second name in the credits , his role is a cameo . But I will say , I dare you not to laugh out loud when Gein hooks his corpse up to the back of his truck and drives away dragging him . Basically , this is a waste of time for both true crime fans as well as horror fans . You really want something that will make your skin crawl ? Try reading an Ed Gein book or watching a documentary . Fictionalized Gein films have absolutely nothing on reality for horror .
 I 'm not gon na go into detail about this movie . It 's not worth taking the time to review . I feel like if I can help someone save money and valuable time it 's saying a few words though . This movie very slow , it has bad acting , and terrible screenplay . The only redeeming thing about this movie is the costumes and the set design . I could never in good conscience recommend this movie to anyone .
 You 've heard several negative reviews about this film . I know some about the real Mr. Gein , and this is nothing like him . They created him -LRB- in the film -RRB- as a towering mass of brutality . Almost like a Jason ... or Michael Myers?If you are interested in a film that depicts more of the real Ed , then try `` Ed Gein '' , or `` Deranged '' . However , `` Deranged '' has a B rated goofy quality to it . However , it still beats this version of Gein 's life . Ed Gein Butcher of Plainfield is something you might want to watch if you have no interest in the real Gein ? To be honest , I tried watching it twice . The first time `` booooo '' , the second I tried approaching it in a non-judgemental way . No matter how you look at it the movie is not good :-LRB- The acting stinks , script stinks , It 's boring all the way around itself . If you want an original movie -LRB- with out Gein -RRB- try `` Trick r Treat '' . Best Halloween film I 've seen in years . Spend your cash on that , not this.Thank you
 Never in the 70 + years that I 've been watching films have I ever watched a movie quite as badas Ed Gein . Save your time and money , take a walk or ?? RC Napper
 This movie was completely idiotic . It was basically a love story with Officer McStudly dating Princess Blondie with sprinkles of a very loosely based version of Ed Gein . This is not a true crime film.The woman -LRB- Adrienne Frantz -RRB- playing the female love interest was completely unbelievable in her role and I found myself disappointed at the end when she did n't get killed . She was that terrible . She delivered some sort of high pitched whiny monologue at the end about how Ed did n't have the right to decide when people died - only god did . The guy playing Ed Gein was the only believable actor portraying real emotions in the movie . As such , he was the only one you could empathize with in the film . Everyone else was one dimensional and unbelievably stupid.This is n't even a movie for people who like bad horror . I like bad horror - this was just a bad love story . If you want a good recent horror film , get Trailer Park of Terror .
 Warning may contain spoilers . Very vague spoilers ahead ... When I first heard that Kane Hodder was playing Ed Gein , I became excited . I thought he would be a very scary Gein . However I was very very wrong , This movie was okay , but it was not accurate in the portrayal of Ed Gein . First off , he did not have an accomplice that helped him rob graves who he later killed because he wanted to stop . They never caught him with a live girl and the cops did not chase him through the woods and put a gun to his head , only to be talked out of shooting him by the very girl he had kidnapped . If you want a good Ed Gein movie see the one with Steve Railsback . Buy it here.Ed Gein . It ruled .
 This was an extremely horrible movie . i wouldnt waste three dollars on it if it were dropped at my feet . the whole movie was unbelievably inaccurate . and who the hell did the casting ? Kane Hodder as Ed Gein ? youve got to be kidding me . Ed Gein was a little man . Hodder is a monster . the whole way they portrayed this movie was way off key . it was portrayed like ed gein got his ideas from leatherface . why change the names also in a true story ? mary hogan . . bernice warden ... warden 's hardware . so many other things that were wrong in this movie that im not even going to get into since ima little pissed i spent $ 20 on this rubbish . you do n't change the way true stories go . we already have our Norman Bates , Leatherface , and Buffalo Bill . we dont need another fake representation of the original especially if its a movie thats based on the original true events of someones life . If you want a good movie get Ed Gein starring Steve Railsback . It 's a little slow but its facts . only thing iffy is when Ed killed his brother Henry , but nobody knows exactly how Henry died besides hearsay so we can over look that . anyways horrible movie . dont waste your time .
 This movie stinks to high heaven.What the hell is Kane Hodder doing , playing as Ed Gein ? Kane Hodder is a big dude , and he 's a great Jason , do n't get me wrong.But Ed Gein , HE IS NOT.Ed Gein was a smaller guy.Not big like Hodder is.If you wan na see a really good movie about Mr.Ed Gein , then pick up the original `` Ed Gein '' dvd with Steve Railsback.Now THAT 'S how Ed Gein SHOULD be played .
 Do n't pick this movie up , it 's very poor . The one you want to see all about the man and the horror story that he created is the 2001 version with Steve Railsback as Ed and Carrie Snodgress as Mother Gein . This is just lame.For the sake of redundancy , this is the tale of Ed Gein , the Butcher of Plainfield , who would shock the world with his depraved wants and needs that he kept in his little farmhouse in Wisconsin . Abused by his unstable mother , Ed grew up to be an awkward , odd man child who was thought of as the village idiot in his rural community . He was repressed , angry and distressed , and something inside of him shattered his mind . When his mother passed away , it was just Ed and his memories . Then he started with the grave robbing , the collecting , cannibalism , the making of human flesh into a woman 's suit , and eventually the killing . Ed was caught when he murdered the owner of the local hardware store , was found guilty by reason of insanity , then sent to a psychiatric hospital where he remained for the rest of his days.That story being said , however , does not accurately portray this movie . Instead the director took a very Friday the 13th approach to telling this tale , complete with a beginning scene of a girl running away in nothing but her bra and panties . The people of this small town were not quirky enough nor innocent acting as they were to be in the 1950s . The movie seems to alternate two story lines , one of Ed and his antics and the courting of two young lovers , one of them being the town deputy who would eventually catch Gein in the act . Ed himself is not so disturbing , as he is more of an intimidating , redneck brute of a man rather than the awkward man child he was portrayed to be by all accounts . Ed also seemed to be attracted to older women who reminded him of his mother , and none of his victms seemed to have a matronly quality about them . And then he 's caught and it all goes down , but you knew that.Predictable and not much like it should 've been for auidences who are unaquainted with the Gein story . Watch the other for a more accurate story and character study .
 Like other reviewers , I could not accept Hodder as Ed Gein . He 's just too big , strong and scary . He looks like a killer . Nothing like the real Ed Gein.I also did n't expect the gore . If you like bloody body parts movies , you might like this one -- it 's pretty graphic and sadistic.From what I know about Gein , he was crazy , not sadistic . He was trying to recreate his mother , not terrorize and torture other women.The real story of Ed Gein is one of sadness and insanity , not of pleasure killing and meanness . I was hoping to find out more about Gein -- particularly his prior life -- he does n't fit the typical serial killer profile , but is one of the most notorious serial killers . I expected this movie would help unlock some of the mystery , and it fell really short . In fact , it added more myth than anything else .
 They tell little to nothing about Ed and the movie moves incredibly slow , horrible acting . It is creepy and at times some good violence but that 's about it . And Kane proves why he 's a stuntman and not a true actor . Serial killers like Bundy , Gacy , Gein and especially Dahmer need movies with bigger budgets and to be taken more seriously and have better stories .
 That movie was horrible !!! Nowhere in the reviews did it inform the consumer that it was a film about such hatred !!!!! It should 've said something like : WARNING
 The dvd itself was in good condition and shipped in timely manner . I did NOT like the movie and its contents . .
 AH , WILDERNESS ! itself is a wonderfully funny piece of Americana , with sterling performances by Wallace Beery , Lionel Barrymore , Aline MacMahon , Cecelia Parker , Bonita Granville and of course Mickey Rooney . Classic scenes
 I was hoping for something much better than this . This was a complete waste of time . It 's a home job for sure . There was only talking for the first 20 minutes of the video , then after than it showed drawings , etc. that can easily be found online . Half the video is drawings on a wind generator -- for no reason whatsoever . Very lame indeed .
 Hard to believe that people are ignorant enough to buy into this type of B.S. . This is an indictment of our school system of the highest order .
 Along with The Substitute , Room 205 is a Danish import carrying the Ghost House Underground banner . Unlike The Substitute though , Room 205 is a tedious bore that fails to deliver , and ends up being a ghost story minus the scares . The gorgeous Neel Rnholt -LRB- who is a dead ringer for erotic scream queen Erin Brown , AKA Misty Mundae -RRB- stars as a newly moved in college student that soon learns the last inhabitant of her dorm room met a tragic and grisly demise . Her spirit is restless , and it is n't long before her mates start getting picked off one by one . It 's nothing we have n't seen or heard before , but Room 205 at least starts out promising before getting caught up in mellowdrama . Adding insult to injury is the fact that Room 205 is just plain boring for almost 2/3 's of its running time . Though it does get better during the last third of the film , Room 205 still ends up being a mostly boring disappointment . Still , you could always do much worse horror wise , and Room 205 is worth a look for ghost story fans , just do n't expect too much out of it .
 < strong > Kollegiet < / strong > -LRB- Martin Barnewitz , 2007 -RRB- < em > Kollegiet < / em > , on the other hand -LRB- q.v. < em > White < / em > review above -RRB- , would seem to impart to us the lesson that the Occident should not attempt to make Asian horror movies at all . Not that I was really expecting much better from Barnewitz , who was tabbed to direct the -LRB- awful -RRB- < em > Messengers < / em > sequel a couple of years ago , but < em > Kollegiet < / em > , released in English-speaking countries under the title < em > Room 205 < / em > , is so standard that it almost seems as if one of the hackier Asian horror directors -LRB- Takashi Shimizu ? -RRB- wrote a draft of a < em > How to Make an Asian Horror Film for Dummies < / em > book , Barnewitz got his hands on a copy before anyone bothered to revise it , and he followed it to the letter . The problem being , of course , that since there 's nothing new here , the movie comes off as a pale -LRB- pardon the pun -RRB- remake of some other generic Asian horror movie you saw a few years ago , but ca n't quite remember.The movie does have a plot , if a light one
 I really hoped for better when I picked this up . `` Room 205 '' does n't really have a unique plot or above average acting , and the scare factor is very low . This Danish horror flick centers around a young woman who moves into a dorm where there 's a Room 205 , purported to be haunted by the restless spirit of a dead girl . When the young woman finds herself being a target of bullying , her mental state is further confused by the startling visions she experiences - of a strange entity , a face staring at her from a mirror etc. . Soon , people in the dorm begin to die under horrible circumstances - is it a supernatural entity at work or something less sinister?The movie 's flaws lies in many areas - though the lead actress is pretty enough and seems to act credibly enough , the plot unfolds very slowly that I almost dozed off midway through . Yes , it 's a Danish movie , and one can have the option of English audio -LSB- though I watched it in the original Danish with English subtitles -RSB- , but language barrier aside , this movie was still lack luster.The acting by the other cast members was quite stilted , and the effects did n't elicit any scares either . The muted tones used throughout the movie lent the picture quality a hazy and uncomplimentary effect . The story was promising , though by no means original -LSB- Asian horror has done better with similar premise -RSB- , and it 's a pity the potential was n't realized .
 When you watch a ghost story , you expect some spooks , chills and a few explanations about the backstory.What you get in Room 205 is a sometimes badly dubbed film that lacks any scare effect.Katrine is a troubled young woman who moves away from home after her mother 's death . There , she discovers spiteful housemates who want to make her life hell after a bad hook up . During a rave , a ghost suddenly awakens and sets out to destroy them all.As I watched this film , I kept waiting for that AH-HA moment - the one that pulls everything together in an intriguing twist . I also expected a few scares . I got non of that . The plot was seriously underdeveloped . There were obvious directions it could have gone , but everything was just , well , very dull.Perhaps this works for European audiences , but it is not for the American horror fan . Save your cash for other Ghost House titles .
 The Night of the White Pants is a waste of film and your money , unless you do not mind your brain and soul being used as a garbage dump!Naomi Richardson
 The picture is one of the best , however , the recording is one of the worst . It is supposed to be &#34; widescreen &#34; but the picture does not fill the full width of the TV screen and the aspect ratio makes the picture about as large as a thumbnail icon . Look for another version .
 This is one of my all time favorite movies but the picture quality on this particular DVD from Amazon is horrible - dark and grainy . I wish I had returned it when I had a chance . What a terrible thing to do to such a good movie !
 Jack Cassidy plays a gay villain , in this '70s movie ; DIAMONDS ARE 4EVER had best gay villains ; Peckinpahs 's BRING ME THE HEAD OF ALFREDO GARCIA had gay villains ripped off from that Bond movie . Cassidy is the worst -- with a dog , named F - -LRB- politically incorrect for gay -RRB- , that humps Eastwood 's leg!There 's that moan-inducing awefulness , then there 's the typical 1960s spy nonsense , with the leader being an albino named Dragon -LRB- THE AVENGERS '60s tv show had a man in a wheelchair named `` Mother . '' -RRB- . Eastwood has a black love interest , just like Bond did in LIVE AND LET DIE . It 's important to note that Eastwood , decades later , said he was offered the role of James Bond.Lots of contrived and just plain stupid nonsense with worst being that the spy organization somehow knows that the spy they want to kill plans to climb a mountain , though they do n't know which one of a # of climbers is the spy !!!!!! And more ?!?!!? This contrived idiocy is the excuse , of course , for some lame mountain climbing scenes.And , Eastwood 's acting is terrible -- that 's why his squinting made him famous .
 I generally like thrillers and Clint Eastwood movies . But after watching this piece of dreck , I 've temporarily lost my taste for both.It 's a parade of unlikeable and overplayed supporting characters -LRB- George Kennedy is painful to watch -RRB- ; Clint doing an apparent self-parody ; cheesy chase scenes ; and women serving only as props to throw themselves toward Clint 's bed . Some interesting scenery shots are the only snippets worth watching in these couple of hours.The # 1 spot on my all-time worst movies list has , for years , been a tie between `` Best Defense '' -LRB- Eddie Murphy / Dudley Moore / truly awful -RRB- and `` The Digimon Movie '' -LRB- what a parent will sit through for his kids ... -RRB- . But `` The Eiger Sanction '' is a worthy contender for the crown .
 Truth is
 maybe it 's because he is such a stright shooter -LRB- pun ment -RRB- or something but clint does n't do cold war thrillers very well -LRB- remember firefox -RRB- . while well directed and acted this spy thriller is dead most of the way through and while the climbing scenes are good they do n't cover up the fact that it was a good book that does n't watch as good as it read.some may like it but i found it to be a let down .
 While Clint Eastwood struggles to find cinematic identity in the post Spaghetti Western and pre-Dirty Harry times , the movie goer is forced to endure a number of incarnations , notably the Good -LRB- Play Misty for Me -RRB- , the Bad -LRB- Where Eagles Dare -RRB- , and the Ugly -LRB- The Eiger Sanction -RRB- . Actually Dirty Harry had been released before any of these films , but I could n't resist.Another poorly adapted -LRB- nee Where Eagles Dare -RRB- novel , this film would serve as only marginal TV-movie fare today . With supporting stars George Kennedy and Jack Cassidy , this big screen version feels much like a TV-movie anyway.Beautiful Swiss landscapes ca n't prop up a weak whodunit , diluted even further by time-capsuled character types and sexual innuendo.There are probably 40 better Eastwood movies than this one .
 Now did he throw six snowballs or was it only five ? To tell you the truth , I kinda lost track myself in all this boredom.Hemlock ? Leave it out . Whose called Hemlock ? Do I look like a Hemlock ? Yeah , more like Jack Crabsbelow . How many people have surnames that fit their chosen profession ? George W Blunder . Pamela Airhead ? Actually , I do recall a dog-catcher named Jackie Russel . Bang goes another smartypants review .
 I 've decided the term &#34; smart comedy &#34; is used to describe a movie that just does n't have alot of substance or funny and somehow was lucky enough to be made
 I 'll see anything with John C Reilly in it but not even he could do much with this ball of fluff . Retail has so much going for
 My expectations for this movie were not high , yet I was still disappointed . `` The Promotion '' had elements in its favor
 The Promotion is a comedy set in Chicago featuring two guys fighting it out over a retail promotion.There are some genuinely funny moments in the film , but these seemed to be few and far between . There 's some swearing in the film which I feel is totally unnecessary to the plot and further spoils the film.Good to see bits of Chicago in the film and a couple of brief appearances from actor Bobby Cannavale.All in all , watch it if there 's nothing else , but do n't expect to be amazed .
 I got this movie because of John C Reilly and Seann Williams Scott . Crazy disappointed . Youd expect hilarious , yet wildly inappropiate humor from Dale Dobak and Stifler . Probably would have been an OK movie if i would have read the description and expected a REAL movie . but the whole time I couldnt stop thinking about American Pie and Step Brothers ... . dont expect crazy unbelievable jokes . actually had a good point .
 We had never heard of the movie but the two guys are usually funny . I bought it and when it got here we put it in at the fire station . We were just wanting to relax and watch a movie that would make us laugh . There were a couple humorous parts but that is about all I can say for this movie . Most of the guys left and went to their rooms within the first 20 minutes . I actually watched the whole thing and decided by the end I should have left when everyone else did . I do not recommend this movie to anyone .
 One reviewer claimed this movie had the cult potential of Office Space ? Wow . Other reviewers called this movie hilarious . Double Wow . Reread the serious reviews who apologized for the lack of humour , excusing the director , some encouraging him -LRB- ! -RRB- for taking this movie in a feel-good , corporate commentary a.k.a. documentary direction . The truth is between the lines of those reviews . When a review takes on the tone of an apology ... that pretty much guarantees a `` 3 '' -- except these reviewers then gave it 5 's and 6 's . A documentary on a run-down supermarket even sounds funny . Except it is n't . I watched 30 minutes and had to bail . Poor Scott and Reilly . Face it , folks , a script without crisis is not a script . Stories must progress the action , not muddle in the middle forever .
 So , a good friend of mine invited me to come hang out this evening and watch a film that he had just picked up called the `` The Promotion '' . The name sounded familiar to me but I was not aware of what the story was about or who starred in it . My friend could not answer either of my questions , but curiousity took over and I decided to grab some munchies and head over for a viewing.As soon as the film started I was presented with Seann William Scott as the star and narrarator of this story . As soon as this happened it all fell back into place . I had remembered seeing this in a preview earlier in the year , but soon forgot about it as most of the movie-going public also did -LRB- it only was released in select theaters/cities -RRB- . Scott stars as a 33-year old Doug , an assistant manager at a Chicagoland grocer . He is married to the beautiful Pam -LRB- cough -RRB- , I mean Jenna Fischer , of `` The Office '' fame . Needless to say the story is simple . Dougie wants to get a promotion to become manager of a new branch of the grocery chain that is going to be opening soon . He is told he is a shoe-in for the job . That is until Canadian transferee Richard , played by John C. Reilly , bursts onto the scene to compete with him for the position.Based on the trailer one could be let to believe that the film will be chock-full of comedic antics where the two are pulling pranks and one-upping eachother in an attempt to get the promotion . But a half-hour into watching this film I was left wondering where the plot was going , and was beginning to wonder if I even cared about who got the job . I initially assumed that the viewer was supposed to be rooting for Doug to come out on top , but I can not honestly say that I was left with this feeling . In fact , I felt the opposite , which in turn left me wondering if the writer/director had intended it to reach the audience in this way . Sadly , I doubt I will force myself to sit through another screening to figure it out.All in all the film had a few raunchy jokes that made me snicker , but the characters and plot felt like they were meandering too much to keep me interested in the outcome of this `` competition '' . I would recommend this for a rental if your a big fan of either of the actors . Otherwise , wait for cable and give it a try if nothing better is on .
 I completely fail to see what makes the Promotion funny in ANY single way . It 's one missed joke after another.The storyline is about a grocery store manager -LRB- who looks like he 's about 18 years old , played by Seann William Scott -RRB- who continues to find himself in situations where people give him a really hard time , so the jokes are supposed to come from how his character reacts to them . It does n't work though because 90 % of the jokes are n't even remotely funny . - The recurring theme showing the crazy guy with the graham crackers who repeatedly flips out at the store manager - not funny . He should have made his exit after the beginning segment and never should have been brought back for another segment . That 's why the joke did n't work . - The overweight guy who shops at the store and keeps pretending that the store is actually his home by doing things such as drinking soda straight from the bottle before buying it , and shaving his face in the middle of the aisle - not funny . - The silly segment involving John C. Reilly 's character standing around with a bunch of people outside with a bag over his head and a tattoo of the rock band KISS on his chest - not funny . - The part where a guy pushes a shopping cart with a doll in it directly into a parked car - not funny . - The segment where Seann William 's character sprays a guy in the face with mace in the grocery store parking lot because he could n't contain his anger anymore - not funny . - The part where everyone was running barefoot through fire - not funny.The Promotion is just a terribly written movie both in terms of storyline and jokes . I was n't interested , and I was n't laughing . I do n't get it .
 In the last days of WWII , an American journalist -LRB- Lana Turner -RRB- falls quickly and deeply in love with a British reporter -LRB- Sean Connery -RRB- . Just as she begins planning their future together , he admits he 's already married.This romance/melodrama is worth watching for the very young and charismatic Connery and the equally young and talented Glynis Johns , who plays his wife . Lana Turner , on the other hand , makes the movie almost unwatchable . Her platinum hair , thick make-up , and glamorous wardrobe do n't fit a wartime correspondent and her acting is terrible . Every line is delivered in a breathy , petulant voice with indulgent/silly over-acting . Several supporting actors , including Barry Sullivan , are excellent , but Lana almost destroys the movie . She is clearly much older than Connery , but this is never discussed . I 've watched it twice , fell asleep both times , and re-watching it was a chore.The black and white movie is partially filmed in a charming English village but stock footage and fake outdoor sets detract greatly ; the overall look is cheap . A silly , overwrought script that never really touches the heart makes this a movie for Sean Connery fans only .
 One of the worst movies that wasted Lana Turner 's talent . I was not able to finish the movie - an abomination .
 Ca n't take credit for the title of this review , it 's the NY TIMES TV listings capsule summary for the flick , but sidesplittingly true . This film 's from Lana 's mid-period ; our girl 's cast adrift from the haven of MGM , but still not sunk to the depths of THE BIG CUBE . She 's carefully lacquered here , and has the opposite of chemistry with leading man Sean Connery , vital and attractive in an early film role . Their Forbidden Love Is Not To Be , as he has the good sense to die early on , leaving Lana to seek out his widow , Glynis Johns , so that she can -- oh , why bother ? If you 've seen more than three movies in your life , you 're miles ahead of every plot turn . Fun for those of us who like our popcorn sprinkled with a healthy dose of suds .
 As if Mexico did n't have problems enough - what with narco-terrorism and swine flu and the chupacabra and the like - along comes `` The Ruins '' to pound the final nail into that nation 's increasingly moribund tourism industry.And when will these dumb American tourists ever learn ? You 'd think that , after all those cheapjack horror movies , they 'd have figured out that the minute some smooth-talking stranger in a foreign land offers to take them on a private tour to some `` off-the-beaten-path '' attraction , the only sensible response would be to run as far and as fast as possible in the opposite direction . You 'd think so . But instead they inevitably pile into a rickety old pickup -LRB- or bus or motor scooter or whatever mode of transportation happens to be available in that particular movie -RRB- and eagerly head off to a place that even Vincent Price would n't be caught dead going to on his creepiest day.In `` The Ruins , '' the victims are two American couples - Jeff and Amy and Stacy and Eric - who are just wrapping up their vacation in Mexico , and the stranger a charming German man who offers to escort them to a mysterious Mayan temple buried deep in the secluded jungle . Before you know it , the five of them are at the mercy of some murderous locals who , for some initially undisclosed reason , refuse to allow them to leave the structure.Though there 's a decent amount of suspense in the early stretches of the film - and even one pretty nice turnaround in the plot - once the `` true nature '' of the menace is revealed , the movie becomes tedious and silly . Moreover , it expends more effort trying to gross us out than actually scaring us . I mean , just how many dismemberments and anesthesia-free operations are we expected to sit through before finally crying uncle?In the final analysis , `` The Ruins '' proves once and for all - for those who may have found themselves doubting it - that there 's only so much compelling drama one can wring out of a bunch of people stuck on the top of a pyramid .
 As soon as I saw the trailer , I couldnt wait to find the book . I was just about ready to order in when I had gone to visit my mother and found it in the trash . She said my sister had read it and immediately tossed it . I couldnt resist and went ahead and delved into it . Even though it was so predictable and stupid at times , I couldnt put it down and read it in 2 days . It read just like a movie -LRB- gratuitous sex scenes and all -RRB- . Dumb dumb dumb . But on the other hand , I cant wait to see the movie .
 By the time this grisly , torture-porn flick is over , I found myself rooting for the killer vines to just kill the whole party and get it over with . I am rarely offended by violent or gory content , and I ca n't say that I was here , but the blood and violence was frequently gratuitous and usually unnecessary . I went into the film with low expectations , and the film merely confirmed those expectations . Acting is average , and effects are OK for those who do n't lose interest after the first half hour . Fortunately , I was working on something on my laptop at the time , so I can at least count that hour and a half of my life as not being completely wasted .
 It had been a rough day so I thought I 'd take in a late night movie . Sadly , the choices were very limited and I was n't sure what to see so I read the blurb about each show outside the theater . Pathetically , that failed to describe this horrible excuse of a movie in enough detail - I 've always been interested in ancient American history and thought that a movie about a Mayan pyramid might be interesting . How wrong I was ! Without question , `` the Ruins '' is the worst , and I mean that literally , movie I have ever seen . Why I did n't walk out , I do n't know . In addition to the horrible amount of blood and gore -LRB- enough blood was lost to have filled the world 's blood banks for the next decade -RRB- , the script can best be described as asinine . At least Attack of the Killer Tomatoes was intended to be a spoof - in comparison , this hideous film looks like an attempt to turn Killer Tomatoes into an art film.Update
 Not yet received this movie in blu-ray . I am awaiting the delivery by amazon.com.When receiving , I will make my review on it .
 The Ruins showed great promise when I first watched it , and it certainly did horrify and disgust me , but it failed in other ways . I did n't care a bit about any of the characters , so it did n't matter to me if they lived or died . The plot was a little flimsy -LRB- where did those particular plants come from ? what made them act like that ? -RRB- , but they did stick to it pretty well , I think . And the effects were top-notch . But after watching it the one time , I have n't wanted to see it again , and one of the ways I know if I like a horror movie is if it leaves me wanting to watch it over to get all the nuances . This one just did n't to that . It was a one-time thing . I think more could have been done with the special effects , and the actors could have tried to build a little more rapport with each other .
 It 's weird to begin a review of a movie by talking about a book , but The Ruins by Scott Smith could have been a triumph in the horror genre . But , as I stated in my review of the book , the ending is just plain awful.Like the movie , we watch -LRB- or read about -RRB- this group as they struggle to survive against Mayan protecting themselves and the creepy plant . However in the book , all of their struggles , their small triumphs , their will to survive is absolutely pointless since not a one of them survive the ordeal . They 're destined to become a pile of bones just like all the folks who have come before them . Of course this begs the question of why the author gives us their story . Since the tale for any victim of the plants ends exactly the same , why bother telling us the tale of THIS group?Well , the movie fixed this major flaw in the book only to reverse it on the DVD . I watched the DVD with its alternate ending only to have my hopes dashed as the movie became as pointless as the book . Then , heading over to the special features , I find the theatrical ending which is 1000 % better ! Better than the alternate ending and the novel 's . An option would have been nice to watch the theatrical release with the proper ending but , no , they had to give us the `` special '' ending not scene in theaters . And , for that , I give the movie 1 star.What also would have helped the movie would be to add an actual fight between the plants and humans . The group seemed content to sit and wait for the end while waiting for help . All I can say is that if I was stuck on a hill with deadly plants all around me , the damn thing would have a lot of regrowing to do after it got me . I would n't sit around while the `` talking '' plants mocked me . This was another flaw in the book , albeit a minor one , and I was sorry to see it carry over to the movie.In conclusion , I highly recommend the theatrical version of the film and , if it 's available on DVD -LRB- without the crappy ending -RRB- , The Ruins is a horror film I 'd happily add to my collection . As it stands now , I 'm done with the DVD like I 'm done with the book.If you like movies where the protagonists are doomed right from the start and absolutely nothing they do to survive means anything in the end , then The Ruins is for you . If not , then do n't waste you time on what could have been a great film .
 Seriously , I did n't know if this was going to be a slasher , or with a supernatural . It turns out , it has possessed plants dragging people and getting beneath their skin . Whenever they have to cut the plants out of people , it was pretty gory and nerve-wracking ! I would n't recommend THE RUINS !!!
 The film version of `` The Ruins '' is a classic example of `` not as good as the book '' . Unfortunately , the book was n't that great , either . By isolating the story in one small geographic area -LRB- really , just one `` ruin '' -RRB- , writer Scott Smith increases the despair of his characters , but also limits where the narrative can go . The main antagonist lacks the sinister , deliberate quality that it had in the book , making it seem somewhat more incidental than the secondary antagonist -LRB- s -RRB- . Without giving too much away , Smith never explains the theory of `` why '' they are trapped , as in the book , so it feels less satisfying . Ultimately , it gets the Hollywood treatment , with a different ending , the omission of a crucial character -LRB- his lines/actions are given to other members of an already large protagonistic cast -RRB- , and a final feeling of `` that 's it ? '' .
 I usually do n't have the time or energy to write a review ... but in this case , it is necessary . It takes a lot for me to HATE a movie . There almost always something that makes it ok ... not in this movie . I want my hour and a half back . Trust me , everyone who gave it one star nailed it ! Only one other movie ticked me off this bad
 The book `` The Ruins '' by Scott Smith is a great horror story , full of menace and a sense of dread but the film version does n't achieve this atmosphere . Although quite faithful to the book -LRB- Smith also wrote the screenplay -RRB- , the filmmakers seem more interested in seeing how graphic they can get with the leg amputations and self-mutilation scenes . There are a few good creepy moments , like when the girls discover that the cell phone ringing is something else entirely , but those moments are rare . The acting is good and the sets are impressive but the movie is n't scary , which is what the main premise of a horror film should be .
 The reviews have it , this film is crap.Seems that maybe if the kids in this movie had the amount of warnings posted by reviewers -LRB- stay away the film it 's crap -RRB- then maybe we would not have another movie about stupid kids being preyed upon by some sort of unworldly killer . Recycle , recycle , recycle , the same boring elements and add killer plants instead of redneck mutants , evil doctors , local natives -LRB- although the film had a few -RRB- , or someone taunted as a child now seeking revenge . The characters are so stupid and annoying , you ca n't wait for them to die . Too bad it takes over an hour for it to happen.It would have been more fun if it happened in a subdivision with soccer moms and their snotty ADD suffering offspring getting victimized . For all of you Chemlawn zombies , the crab grass means to `` ruin '' more than your perfect lawns ! Or maybe , `` they ate the salad , but it was not organic , and now they will pay the price . '' Just a few thoughts for a better script next time .
 I was excited by the possibility of a new scary movie to watch . But like many others , I prefer reading the book first . The novel , by Scott Smith , was pretty good -LRB- I did n't like the ending , but I could hardly put it down until I had finished the last page -RRB- . As soon as I finished the book , I watched the movie , not expecting too much , but more than what I got.When the credits started rolling at the end of the movie , I was left wondering if the one who wrote the script had actually read the book . I was surprised that Scott Smith could ever approve such a horrible screenplay . In the movie , things happen to the wrong characters . For example
 A handful of attractive american students in peril while on vacation in the wilderness . Sound familiar ? That 's because this is . There 's nothing new here , sadly , and I struggled to take the movie at all seriously . I 've always had a problem with killer plant life , and the concept is no less comical here , despite the goriness . The characters are uninteresting , the plot almost non-existent , and the pay-off a huge letdown . It just about holds the attention for the 90 minutes it 's on the screen but will be gone from your memory in about 90 seconds once it 's ended .
 Caught the film on HBO last night , I admit seeing the veins mimicing the sound of a cell phone and peoples screaming was crazy , but the whole plot of the movie and it 's trying to scare viewers did n't work ! Just a gross out terrible pointless horror movie !
 At this point you would think that every movie lover should know that whether or not a movie is gon na be good should not be determined solely by the previews . I must admit that I fell for that once again because the previews really make this movie look interesting . Now , truth be told , I ca n't start popping off about the comparisons between the movie and the book like most people tend to do in their reviews because I never read the book . However , I do know what I like , and what I do n't like , and this movie I did n't like friends . Not to take away from someone else that said it before me , but my only gripe was that nothing pertaining to the weeds got explained which I find frustrating in a movie . I think it cheats the viewers when they have to walk away from a movie with tons of unanswered questions . Like , what are these vines ? where did they come from ? and why they are only confined to the Mayan temple . I guess the blood and gore was suppose to distract us from these little minute tidbits . I wo n't bother to go over the plot because as we all know a group of Americans are on vacation in Mexico and they head off to explore an ancient pyramid engulfed with a man-eating plant species . I know it sounds far-fetched as hell , but it could 've worked . The ending was also awful . I mean , are we suppose to guess whether or not the only survivor made it off the pyramid infested with these vines only to spread it to the outside world . I do n't know . I recommend that you wait for video and save your money . However , not to be totally unfair , I 've seen worse so it 's worth watching at least once when you have absolutely nothing else to do .
 I hate horror movies that make me laugh . From the films opening shot of that chick screaming in such an unconvincing and stereotypically obnoxious manner I knew that this movie was going to be an unintentional riot . It delivered in that regard . I have yet to read the book from which this film was adapted . I hear mixed things about it . One thing that I hear the most though is that the book is FAR better than the film , so I may have to check it out eventually.The movie follows a group of really stupid American youngsters as they are eaten alive by some carnivorous plants surrounding some ` off the map ' ruins . The group is attempting to gain some culture in their last day in Mexico and so they blindly follow some German guy they meet at the hotel pool who happens to tell them that he is going to meet his brother and some chick he just met out by the ruins the following day . They decide to tag along and they regret it almost immediately when a group of savage Mayans trap them atop the ruins and refuse to let them leave . They are baffled , but once the plants start hissing and biting them they realize that the Mayans are afraid of these idiot American 's spreading the disease that is these ungodly plants.The group then has to find a way to survive , or at least that is what you would think they would do.I have so many issues with this horrible movie that it is almost pointless to try and list them all . First of all , the plants are laughably un-scary . When they actually perform their first real attack on the two girls I almost spit out my beer it was so funny . The computer animated look to the whole thing was just ridiculous . The scare factor is lost in the way in which the scenes are shot . It is also lost when you consider how annoyingly retarded these kids appear to be . They do NOTHING right and in the end you are just begging for the plants to quite wasting their time and just eat these stupid kids . They make one ridiculous decision after another , from leaving a wounded friend mere inches from the plants unattended when they could have easily moved him to repeatedly trying to calm a hysterical friend with a knife . They never truly attempt an escape until it is basically too late , which defies all logic.I 'm baffled at the lack of intelligence the script allots these characters.The acting is actually the perfect compliment to the script , stagy and unrealistic , kind of like the characters . I used to really like Jena Malone and I thought she would have a great career ... but she appears to know nothing about evolving as an actress and her performance here is just awful . Jonothan Tucker is annoyingly unattractive , and the way he talks is a distraction . Laura Ramsey is beautiful to the eyes , and one of the more convincing aspects of the film , so I wo n't attack her or Shawn Ashmore too much , even though they are hindered by the scripts lack of attention to detail . They come off as one-dimensional , which is a shame since this film really could have used some character development.In the end this film is just lazy . It does n't really try to do anything and so it succeeds in being a forgettable mess . The gore is there , and the amputation scene is genuinely squeamish , but it winds up being a mere moment of gratification in a film that serves no purpose other than to annoy the audience with its lack of intelligence .
 That 's it !? That 's the `` scariest movie of the year '' ?? Please.Rent any version of Little Shop of Horrors , instead .
 Man , I had no idea they were going to make a sequel of `` little shop of horrors '' . It only took them twenty years to cook this up . That is too quick in my opinion . These things take time . If only Rick Moranis was n't shooting `` brother bear 2 '' when they were creating this gem , it would have been perfect . `` Ghostbusters 2 '' ? `` brother bear 2 '' ? come on Moranis , do n't forget where you came from . Please start filming `` My Blue Heaven 2 '' . Please , please.Seriously , killer plants ?
 Well it was at least a cool idea ... ancient Mayan ruins are a great pretext/setting for a movie , and the story had potential . Unfortunately the decent build-up thruout the movie fizzled out once you find the vegetation is pretty much the gist of the horror . I wonder who decided to give the flower buds the ability to mimic speech ? That was a sorta neato thing , but the fact that they only cried out certain phrases and the vines only moved at certain ` high drama ' parts of the movie , made the whole fiasco feel like something a juvenile would have scripted ! The actors made the whole thing mildly watcheable in spite of the goofiness , but there 's no denying so much more could have been done within the fascinating lore of the Mayan world
 I 've not read the book this film was based on . Despite that , I still find this movie delivers no suspense nor thrilling . There are a couple of scary scenes . For example , it 's the scene where one of the girls cut off the flesh from her leg to get rid of the plants that had eaten it way into her body . The acting is below par . I do not feel sympathetic for the characters . The worse thing is the special effects . The devilish plants look fake.It 's a typical bad B movie . I am glad my friend rented it for us .
 Having read Scott Smith 's book , `` The Ruins '' at least three times and listening to the audio CD as well , I was very disappointed with the movie version . The movie was loosely based on his wonderful and highly entertaining novel . I implore anyone who only saw the movie to do yourself a huge favor and read the novel . There were some engaging moments in the movie but they were few and far between . Rarely have I seen a movie veer so far away from the main story line of a novel . Perhaps `` The Ruins '' should have been a TV mini-series instead so that there would be adequate time for much needed character development . May there NOT be a movie sequel . Sigh .
 What creeps you out ? Zombies ? Masked intruders ? Carnivorous plants ? Cancer ? That guy at the gas station store who always smells like onions and never trims his nails?Maybe I 'm just not doing my homework , but it seems to me like , recently , writers/directors of `` scary '' movies have decided that what is really , truly scary is simply being scared . In other words , forget the actual concept of horror , let 's not go to the trouble of coming up with a creative and unsettling premise . Let 's just come up with a bad guy , toss him -LRB- or her , or it -RRB- some victims , and have the poor , doomed dopes get batted around for an hour and a half.THE RUINS and The Strangers are two remarkably different films in tone , pacing , style and substance , but at their core , they are both dismally , lamentably alike . Both of them wholeheartedly believe that if they can scare the characters in their films , then that is the exact same thing as scaring the audience watching those characters.THE RUINS will attract more viewers , but only because it 's gorier . It wears its blood on its sleeve , let 's say . Based on Scott Smith 's flawed and overlongbook , the movie takes the only thing about the book that worked -- the character development -- and completely tosses that out the window . What you 're left with are six carbon copy twenty-somethings -LRB- yes ! younger viewers , there IS gratuitous nudity , and boy , is it gratuitous ! -RRB- who must fight against an insidious force that dwells among them!I 'm just kidding . I lifted that last line from the book jacket . They do n't fight the insidious force . They just fight each other . Aside from some squeamish bits involving legs and the threat of sepsis , the only thing about the film that 's supposed to be scary is the fact that the `` insidious force '' takes its sweet , sweet time killing the vacationers when , by all accounts , it could 've obliterated them within minutes of their arrival . But , see , that would n't be scary , would it ? Eschewing even the tiniest shred of plausibility that would make it endurable , THE RUINS artlessly banks on the concept that watching a cat toy with a mouse is a riveting , suspenseful and horrifying experience . When , in fact , you eventually just yell at the cat to eat the poor thing already.The Strangers , with its Hitchcockian patience and unsteady uncertainty , makes a bit more sense in this score . A young couple returns from a wedding to a summer home , only to be terrorized all night by three masked intruders . Just like THE RUINS , the ending is forcasted from the opening credits . Unlike Scott Smith 's movie , however , THE STRANGERS 's devious devilry makes a bit more sense , considering its source . After all , humans are more likely to thrive off of the power-trip of terror than vines . -LRB- Whoops . I think I may have just given away the secret of THE RUINS . Ha ha . I 'm just kidding . THE RUINS has no secrets . -RRB- Liv Tyler and Scott Speedman -LRB- or , as I like to call them , Aerosmith 's Daughter and That Guy FromFelicity -RRB- as our estranged and horrified young couple , do a pretty good job of making us feel their fear , but the movie still falls flat in the usual places . Characters fail to believe anything odd is going on until it is Too Late . The victims make the obligatory Dumbest Decision Ever -LRB- `` Let 's split up ! '' -RRB- . And , of course , just like THE RUINS , the movie is only as scary as the Bad Guys are deliberately and gratuitously trying to be . -LRB- No , younger viewers , the `` gratuitous '' in this case does not involve nudity . -RRB- I 've always been a fan of scary movies because of the primal reaction that terror engenders in me -LRB- and in most people , I think -RRB- . In that sense , I can empathize with the poor , clueless cannon fodder that get chewed and abused in both of these films . But empathy , as necessary as it may be for horror films , will only get you so far . After all , I am entertained by fear only as long as I feel that fear . I do n't get my jollies watching other people get scared out of their wits.But if you do ? Well , now you know what to watch .
 Adapted by Scott Smith from his novel of the same title , `` The Ruins '' is nothing more than a ninety-minute advisory against going `` off the beaten track '' to visit Mayan ruins . There 's a reason why tourists flock to certain areas
 Let 's take a look at this film in all its wonderful elements . The premise - unique perspective on the horror genre . With such a great idea , why was so much time -LRB- actually any time -RRB- wasted on the schlock pseudo-sex scenes ? What a waste . That was time that could have been used to develop the plot . This film felt like a twist on the old Stephen King Creep Show piece . The main difference is that King knows how to deliver suspense without wasting time on unimportant minutia . The characters - sort of pretty well developed . Granted , not enough to actually care about any of them , but they were better developed than some horror films . The antagonist -LRB- the evil weeds -RRB- - wow , I would have liked to see this entire theme better explained . Maybe if the film-makers had cut the entire first 20 + minutes of this feature and spent that time on the actual ruins , well , then we might have had a 3 star film . I give this waste-of-time 2 stars only for the big `` DAMN ! '' scene ... and you 'll know which one that is when you see it . Other than that , do n't waste your time with this nonsense . A truly disappointed horror fan .
 Creative Yes , but scary ? NO . ** Spoiler ** Plants that come at you and grow on you and in you ? Original but not what one would expect .
 ` Little Shop of Horrors ' meets a big budget ` Blair Witch Project ' without the music , without the laughs -LRB- intentional laughs that is -RRB- ; it does have horror , but it 's so contrived and pushed in your face that it loses any reality quickly.Stephen King raved about Scott Smith 's story . I agree he 's a good writer , but I 'm surprised he wrote the screenplay for this mess . I could care less about the characters ; I started to root , so to speak , for the plants . In one part , the shrubbies started to carry off chopped body parts , and the remaining actors had to emote to it
 On the plus-side , the film only lasts 90-minutes -LRB- and this is the ` unrated ' version -RRB- and has a remote and interesting setting -LRB- although it 's not presented very convincingly -RRB- , but on the minus-side , was the story worth telling in the first place ? For me , the answer is , NO !
 Do you know what would have been scarier than a bunch of man-eating plants !? ANYTHING ! I was so incredibly disappointed in this movie that I wanted to cry . I saw the movie in a theater and I almost wish a vine had wrapped around my foot and eaten me alive there . Wow . Of all the possible villains that could have been created , they chose killer plants .
 When it comes to horror films very rarely does n't the thought of a plant pop into your head . Usually a masked killer that ca n't be stopped , some type of crazed creature , or a mysterious entity rule in the world of scares but not this time . Oh no this time our poor cast must attempt to survive the wrath of some fast growing highly intelligent vines . Certainly the premise is quite different from what we 're used to which is refreshing . However the way it played out in this one left us more bored then anything else.Two coulpes head on down to Mexico for a little relaxing vacation . On their second to last day they decide to take a trip to explore some ancient Mayan ruins . They are n't content checking out the well known ruins though . They want to find one with no tourists for the real effect . They meet a man named Mathais who is in search of his brother working on an archeological site and shows the crew where to go . Once they get to their destination they are chased up the ruins by a gang of crazed Mayan 's . As they are stranded they begin to realize the people are less of a threat then the vines growing everywhere . These vines know how to mimic sounds and voices to send the crew through a psychological test of survival in which some fail miserably.Upon our explination you may think the film sounds great , but it 's not . It does have a very interesting premise and some decent acting . The problem is the film is way drawn out and the characters really begin to get on you nerves . Usually films based off of books never live up to the challenge as The Ruins proves . If you have the chance to catch it you may want to check it out since some people rave about it . Guess it 's in the eye of the beholder here . As fas as Sid goes this one is NOT one that would have been enjoyed in the glory days .
 What could have been a pretty solid horror effort , ends up feeling rushed with an unsatisfying ending . The story starts with the usual meet the cast and put them in a stupid situation first act , but the second act which is the best part of the film is actually pretty good.This film has some pretty graphic gore and they do n't pull any punches ! Some of this was laugh out loud funny as it 's so over the top , I had to wonder who thinks of the stuff ! :-D It 's fairly well acted and the tension is there , but it has a rather abrupt ending and I felt it left a few questions unanswered . It 's worth a look at 2 1/2 stars and delivers some of the goods !
 If you are tight on money do not waste it on this movie . I felt ripped off even though I only spent $ 5 . This movie is boring and the plot is just blah . I was so bored I do not even know how to express it in words .
 This is the lamest , most blatent attempt to rip off-another movie I have ever seen . A worthless one dimensional movie on every level . If you want the real deal ... get `` The Descent '' which is a 5 star thrill ride of a movie . The Ruins is simply trying to ride on the back of The Descent 's sucess . Check out the cover from The Descent and compare it to The Ruins . What a joke . These guys ca n't even come up with an original cover.Get The Descent and never buy this movie . You have been for warned .
 The scariest thing about freshman director Carter Smith 's new horror movie `` The Ruins '' is the closing credits that list comedian Ben Stiller as one of the executive producers . What was Stiller thinking when he sank his bucks into this chiller about cursed carnivorous undergrowth that creeps up on its victims and devours them . Oscar-nominated scenarist Scott B. Smith of `` A Simple Plan , '' adapting his own bestselling novel , sticks steadfastly to the standard clich&eacute;s and conventions of all twentysomething scary sagas where reckless youth do everything but tote signs begging the forces of evil to eat them . Were cretinous characters not enough to contend with in this nihilistic nonsense , we 're treated to yet another film where American tourists find themselves in jeopardy simply because they are Americans . Furthermore , unlike really good horror movies that explain why the monsters have a need to feed , `` The Ruins '' provides no explanation for the supernatural shenanigans of its villainous vines.The set-up for `` The Ruins '' resembles the 2006 horror movie `` Turistas '' where slimy South Americans trapped brainless American backpackers and harvested them for their internal organs . Indeed , `` Turistas '' generated some legitimate thrills and chills . `` The Ruins '' spawns nothing in the way of either thrills or chills . A malicious mastiff that suddenly lurches on-camera to snarl at our heroes is as close as it gets to a thrill.The rest of `` The Ruins '' borrows from another movie
 Very terrible movie . Do not waste your money on this . Picture this
 This is not only a poorly acted movie , it has no merits from the writing , directing , or casting , either . A group of obnoxious college kids on a trip decide to visit some distant Mayan pyramid . When they approach a local to drive them , he balks and does n't want to take them . However , they persist and he drops them off . Little do these kids realize what 's in store for them.The pyramid is covered in vines that have a taste for human flesh . Here is where the movie gets really stupid . A bunch of local natives surround the pyramid and threaten our heroes with violence should they try to leave . One of the group descends into the pyramid , becomes injured and ultimately becomes fodder for the hungry vines . I 'll only mention in passing the crude attempt to amputate his legs -LRB- after which the pieces are carted off by the vines -RRB- . What these geniouses failed to learn was that the natives surriounding the pyramid were deathly afraid of the vines . At one point a chunk of vine lands in their direction and the one guy freaks out over it . The unofficial leader of the kids , the medical student , failed to come up with a way to use the vines to their advantage . If they had only thrown vine chunks at the natives , or found another way to scare the native off . But no , these college kids were too dumb to make this connection.So ultimately only one kid escapes , a girl who was able to start up an abandoned truck then cruise through the jungle with shooting natives in hot pursuit . The movie ends with two new explorers happily entering the scene , presumably to face a similar ordeal.After watching this dud , I realized I wasted two hours of my life that I 'll never get back . Bummer .
 I do n't usually look at horror flicks , but this one slid through because it came from a fairly `` literary '' novel by Scott Smith . Also , I like Jonathan Tucker . But no amount of good acting , or lit pedigree , can elevate this grossout fest . It was disgusting . I could n't even finish it.I do n't usually give negative reviews , but I think THE RUINS is the worst movie I 've ever seen . I would give it negative stars if that were possible .
 I took some fellow reviewers advice and read the book first . In fact , I watched the movie the same night I finished the book . What a letdown !!! The movie here can not come close to the silver screen of your imagination.What can I say ? Though it started out following fairly closely to the story , it did n't take long for it to diverge . Much of what made reading the book so good was getting into the mind of each character . Plus-it seemed so much of what made the story so scary and fraught with tension was absent here.Of course , I could be too sensitive , having just finished up the 509 pg book which I 'd read over 3 intense days.I did like to see the ruins fleshed out on the screen . But for true shivers , pick up a copy of the book .
 I 'll admit right upfront , I 've never read the book that `` The Ruins '' is based from . So , i ca n't really comment on how true the movie is to the original story . What I can say , though , is that this movie did nothing to make me want to seek out the book it is based on.I really wanted to like this movie . I 've been so hoping for a good rated R horror movie for some time . All these remakes and torture films masking as horror , have really had me thinking maybe no one knows how to make a new and original horror movie anymore . I was praying `` The Ruins '' would change that feeling for me , but it has only intensified it.The film starts off well enough , with a couple of young college couples vacationing in Mexico , when they are given the opportunity to check out some `` off the tour guide '' ruins , before they have to leave . The first 30-40 minutes of the film is pretty solid stuff . You even come to like the characters a little.Once they reach the ruins , though , the movie starts to lose it . It never is explained exactly where these vines came from , or what the deal with them is . We come to see the nearby villagers are trying to keep them from spreading , but we do n't know how or why . The whole threat the vines pose really is n't given any kind of explanation , which only leads to unsatisfying questions that do n't get answers.There are a few really gory moments in the film , but most of it happens within the last third of the film . And by this point , you really just do n't know what to make of anything that you care a whole lot about it . It just feels like gore for the sake of it.The only truly `` jump from your seat '' moment is when the girls first come to learn of the danger the vines represent , otherwise there is little in the way of suspense in the movie . In fact , the vines seem to do less damage to these tourists , than they end up doing to themselves . So they do n't seem to pose much of a threat , after all . And when the lone survivor escapes , you are left wondering what this means for the rest of the world , since keeping the vines contained was made into such an important point in the film . And the ending of the film ? Total rubbish , which is all I have to say about that . `` The Ruins '' starts off like a classic horror film from the late 70 's and early 80 's , but soon degenerates into little more than a plodding and uninteresting film , that relies on some torturous moments of gore to try to shock you awake again . It almost feel disingenuous to call it a horror film , since the only thing to provide you with horror , is the realization that you are n't going to get the those 91 minutes of your life back.If there was a moral to this movie , I guess it would be to stick to the tourist traps , when you are in a strange country . But I 'd impart the additional moral to stick to renting a good horror movie , over viewing this poorly done effort .
 Taking Spring Break in Mexico , four college kids hook up with a couple of European tourists and embark on a trek to an ancient pyramid in the interior jungle . A bus drops them in a small village where they try and hitch a ride with a Mexican man who rebuffs them , advising them to stay away from the ruins . However , he quickly relents when they flash a twenty in front of him . At the ruins , the young people are surrounded by an armed group of Mayans who , after killing one of the party , force the others to the top of the pyramid , where they spend the remainder of the movie being menaced by an intelligent , man-eating vine.I did n't love the bestseller by Scott Smith , and , even with some significant changes , the movie does n't improve upon the novel . Director Carter Smith presents some nice views of the Mexican coastline , but does little to enliven his characters or generate much interest in their fates . It does n't help that the movie starts very slowly , and that the action is confined to a relatively small space . Instead of playing on the character 's paranoia and the audience 's feeling of claustrophobia , Smith throws on gore and hysteria , which , oddly , makes the film seem flat and lifeless . I do n't have a problem with gore if it 's necessary to advance the plot , but gore for gore 's sake does n't cut it -- it 's a cheap ploy , a last resort when creativity is limited . When we see the gore here , it 's just gratuitous ; there is no real buildup of tension leading up to it , no suspense , and we do n't really care about these characters because they 're not close to believable . It 's not necessarily the fault of the actors ; the roles are seriously underwritten . The book never really fleshed them out either , which , I think , interfered with its effectiveness . As the film 's nominal hero , Jonathan Tucker does his best in the role of a med student . Tucker 's actually quite a good actor , but he 's wasted here . Jena Malone , known for better performances , plays his girlfriend with a whininess that quickly becomes annoying , but when you have a part like this , one that does n't offer much to begin with , you have to do what you can . Shawn Ashmore and Laura Ramsey , as the other college couple , are both photogenic and athletic , and their performances hint at the true talent that they 'll hopefully be able to exhibit in future films.I 'm giving this film two stars because of the cinematography , and because , as bad as this film is , there are even worse -LRB- much worse -RRB- films out there that are truly deserving of a lower rating .
 Lets get things straight , the ruins is a silly movie and has no right to work on any artistic level whatsoever , however the film makers have managed to squeeze an ultra flimsy plot into a 90 minute movie and it 's not all bad . What you basically have is your teens in peril movie mixed with some over the top and i must say well done grue & gore , throw in some nasty mexican locals and a bunch of man eating vines and you get the picture , yep , vines ? no monsters , no stalk and slash , some vines , and these plants can talk aswell . The cast do there best to keep a straight face throughout the proceedings whilst limbs are lopped off and body parts get invaded ala ` evil dead ' style and there 's a great scene involving a ringing mobile phone and the introduction of the plants that is well set up and eerily done . Overall it 's a polished hollywood b movie horror that probably would n't have been made had they had any other more interesting ideas over the production table , if you like gore then it 's got enough to keep you entertained , if you want a solid thought provoking modern suspiria then avoid at all costs .
 Scott Smith 's book has a pulpy , ca n't put it down quality . Your pulse quickens as these petulant , spoiled twentysomethings find themselves embroiled ever deeper in a nightmare from which they can never emerge . The movie , with its brilliant blue skies and gorgeous cinematography , lays bare the idiocy of the story , which at its best is in fact a well-paced sci-fi horror book , truly beyond description - and obviously beyond believability . Here on the big screen , with barely average actors , there are virtually no thrills beyond those which are placed there -LRB- cue the music ; see the evil malicious vine dart up at the screen 3-d style ! Scream ! -RRB- . The new Hollywood ending is laughable - it is a naked attempt to cash in on a quick sequel -LRB- please spare us -RRB- . This is a movie that is truly more nauseating than scary , and best avoided at all costs .
 Where to start , first of all , you should avoid any horror movies that start off with college coeds on a beach in a foreign country , it 's a bad omen . Second , if you plan to make a horror movie centered around a creature you should make the creature more visible . Third , you should not rely on gore ALONE to make people take notice of your film.I almost think they should have named this movie `` Hostel 3 '' because the only thing that would pull your attention towards it is the gore that is shown . The plot is as follows
 The Ruins -LRB- Carter Smith , 2008 -RRB- Scott Smith 's novel The Ruins was either a love-it-or-hate-it book , so when the film version was released , I kind of half-assumed that the people who were reviewing it all came down on the `` hate '' side where the book was concerned . For some odd reason , despite my extensive experience watching really bad film adaptations of novels , it simply never occurred to me that Smith , who adapted his own novel , would make so many absurd changes to the book when writing the screenplay . But , oh , for the love of Pete , what changes he hath wrought . And not a single one of them does anything other than take a very interesting novel that focused on the psychological states of the people trapped at the ruins and make it into a stupid hungry-plant movie.The plot
 I could n't remember hearing about this movie when It came out . Now I know why . Its no wonder the theaters canned it after the first few days.One of the worst movies of all time . Save your money .
 This movie was n't at all what I expected . And the problem with that is , I went into it with no expectations . I guess it would be fair to say that I just did n't expect the plot to be vines eating people and singing lullabys . However , I 'm a horror movie fanatic , and I do n't bash a movie just because it is n't what I expected or was n't as good as I wanted it to be . It was definitely original , and for a movie that , by the cover and title , looked to be low-budget , it did have a rather convincing character line-up . They definitely could 've went more into the story and possibly given the history of the Mayan Temple or whatever it was . The fact that the entire movie took place on top of this temple really played down on the whole suspense factor . And if you have n't seen it , you wo n't understand this , but why the hell would n't they have just thrown balls of the vine at all the idiots waiting down there . There was obviously a clear cut path to the bottom because they went down there numerous times . It was definitely a different type of horror movie , just not something that I was drawn into or enjoyed that much .
 A bunch of just of age kids locate a missing ruins in Mexico -LRB- really Australia -RRB- . Of course , they are compelled to go and have a good time in the jungle . They run into strange armed people and have a symbiosis with the local flora.This is a standard spooky `` eat them sexy dump girls '' movie . So why not at least three stars for a mediocre display of blood and gore ? Because there is no effort to mask the story or add , any depth to this ridicules premise.The added German accent was a nice touch and sticking close to the book helped but this is one novel that just does not morph well to a movie.This film of course is a good candidate for Blu-ray as it has great color , detail , and sound . Too bad , it is wasted on a movie that is a cheap knockoff of people that need to be eaten.The Ruins by Scott SmithLittle Shop of Horrors -LRB- 1960 -RRB- BloodlustThe Day of the Triffids
 Relatively spoiler free thoughts : The Ruins falls into the `` people making bad decisions '' type of movie . Every problem that befalls our characters ultimately stems from bad decisions that they make . Chief among those bad decisions ... ? Taking a 20 mile taxi ride to the middle of nowhere in a jungle in Mexico into an area with no cell service and LETTING THE TAXI DRIVER LEAVE ! Just going to hike back through the jungle huh guys ? Sure there 's a Jeep there but they do n't know if they 'll be able to find the person with the keys and did n't even try to stop the taxi driver or ask him to come back later.They do this type of thing often . They end up going to the ruins they came to see and are quickly encircled by some crazy men waiving guns around who wo n't let them leave . On top of the pyramid they hear a cell phone down in a deep dark hole . Never mind that none of them have cell service -LRB- and have not had it for quite some time while hiking -RRB- and another phone in the same location down inside a pyramid should have no chance - and that it keeps ringing and ringing and never going to voice mail , let 's drop down in there and get it ! Granted they were pretty freaked out . I think I 'd still check the rope that 's been out in the elements for who knows how long first before I let my friends drop me in a hole though.Before long several of the crew are hurt and they start to learn why they 've been quarantined . And they begin to be picked off one by one in various ways . Good thing the characters are the typical 1 note fair so we 're not too emotionally involved . There 's whiny girl , likable guy , other whiny girl who turns out to be tougher than she looks , bossy guy , injured guy and guy who gets killed really early on so we know this movie means business.Some silly plot elements , unlikable and uninteresting characters and a lack luster `` monster '' make this a pretty lame movie . It did have a few creepy moments and decent effects though and a couple of gory moments . It 's a one watcher.Slightly more spoiler filled discussion : OK the monster is a plant . You probably already knew that . As far as a monster antagonist goes it was n't very good . It demonstrates that it is fast and strong and fully capable of grabbing a person and dragging them off yet it instead tries to use traps and slowly sneak up on people while they sleep . Must not have been a very hungry plant . It has the ability to mimic sounds , which is an interesting concept but not used very well in my opinion . I will say this though , seeing the plant grow up inside of people and killing them is pretty creepy and a scene where whiny girl tries to cut the plants out of her is easily one of the bloodiest moments in the film.The idea of these people quarantining the pyramid so this plant ca n't spread is also interesting but would n't it make more sense to scare people away instead of letting them get there and then keeping them there to die ? I kind of got the sense that these people were trying to do a good thing but it seems they chose a weird way of doing it . The movie even starts with another person trapped in the pyramid before our group arrives . I 'm starting to think these guys are just jerks.In the end the less whiny girl gets away though and nothing is made of that . We just see some new folks showing up at the pyramid -LRB- Hey guys ! Scare them away this time do n't just let them ... . Too late -RRB- . The whole point was that these guys were quarantining our group in so I 'd have thought that seeing the plant spreading because she got away would be a more sensible ending . Oh well , I 'm no film maker . Much of this plot seemed silly to me .
 Ok , so I guess they ran out of horror ideas and they decided to make `` plants '' scary . That 's right , this movie is about scary plants . Plants that would lure you then kill you.A group of American college students go to Mexico and decide to visit an ancient pyramid , only to discover that the villagers would n't accept to let them leave the temple and forced them to stay on it -LRB- apparently they became infected -RRB- . On the temple , they start getting attacked by vicious plants!Instead of having enough suspense in this movie , we are faced with disgusting chopping of legs and pulling plants from bodies scenes . That 's not cool !!
 Goofy , stupid movie , with all the usual cliche 's of dumb Americans -LRB- usually Caucasians -RRB- who get themselves into situations with `` the unseen horrors of this world '' - woooooooo ! All these people needed was a an airstrike of Weed-B-Gone . The vines ringing like bells and chasing the two women in the cave reminded me of `` The Attack Of The Killer Tomatoes . '' Some of the dialogue in the scenes were absolutely hilarious and laughable . The amputation scene was a riot . If you 've nothing else to watch ; this is an average horror movie for a laugh ,
 Rented this cheap at the local supermarket ... to see what it was and glad I did . Basically nine short films done anime-style or with CGI -LRB- Final Flight of the Osiris , first one -RRB- . I just found the whole thing boring . Found myself fast-forwarding to skip past the overdone imagery to see the nine stories unfold . Not really that much to `` watch , '' even for a short film . Some of the voice acting is awful and clich&eacute;d when it 's there . Mostly there is n't any voice , just the visuals and music.Those who LOVE anime that skimps on voicework will love this . Everyone else looking for some cool action -LRB- and drama sub-text , as in the case of Matrix Reloaded or even M1 -RRB- will probably find this a real snooze .
 Okay , I did n't mind the first Matrix film , but hated the other two . I thought I might enjoy Animatrix , as I quite like anime and I hoped knowing more of the backstory would bring me a little closer to enjoying the live-action -LRB- if you can call it that , ahaha -RRB- trilogy.Animatrix was an overall waste of my time -LRB- the first film ` Final Flight ... ' is n't even anime , and is basically a ridiculous attempt at non-pornographic pornography -RRB- , ' A Detective Story ' being the only real standout for me . ` The Second Renaissance ' is kinda neat , but really it 's nothing new if you know anything about anime film . There are interesting little bits every now and then , but you have to sit through the dross to get to them.Mostly , it 's very nice to look at , graphic and disturbing at times , but would probably be cooler to have playing mute on your bigscreen TV at a geek party with some Aphex Twin or ATR in the stereo.I was disappointed -LRB- although not surprised -RRB- but I 'm sure it 's a necessity for the fanboy crowd . Everyone else , keep your money .
 I was very disapointed with this film . I was looking forward to this DVD more then I was looking forward to Reloaded . But it did not live up to my expectations .
 I am an avid Matrix fan . So I was excited to have my copy of AniMatrix arrive in my mailbox . I quickly opened it and watched through all 9 episodes . I watched the first one and thought this is real good stuff . Unfortunately , the only one worth watching was the first one . Each one that followed got stranger as I watched them . My teen-aged sons said it looked like the Matrix on drugs when it came to the other eight.Unless you are really into the amine art/cartoons , it would be best to only rent this video .
 I was highly disappointed by the Animatrix . I would say that only four of the shorts are any good and two of them are downright terrible - `` World Record '' and `` Beyond '' I had to read reviews to find out what they meant and how , at all , they related to the Matrix . You can tell which ones are good just because they are the ones that were actually written by the Wachowskis ' . I would definetly not recommend buying this , but renting it would n't be a bad idea . I was really hoping that these would shed some more light on the Matrix , but it did not at all . I think the problem was that the Wachowskis ' gave way to much power to the Anime directors to change the stories . If they had kept more control then I think these would have been alot better and more served their purpose .
 Like Matrix Reloaded
 I am a Matrix fanatic , but , after buying and watching this DVD , I was left feeling a little cheated . True , the films are visually beautiful , and they shed some -LRB- very little -RRB- insight into the Matrix -LRB- I II & III -RRB- story and characters , but I thought this DVD fell pretty flat as a whole package . The films are not very tied together -LRB- you can really tell there were different authors -RRB- and the stories are more like teasers.Save your money - rent this one if you are really curious !
 I thought `` The Animatrix '' would be better , since it 's a Matrix movie ! Only 3 out of the 9 mini-movies were good . Only the first one has real Computer Animation and for some of the mini-movies some of the animation is n't even colored in . If you 're gon na watch this , just watch the first 3 mini-movies and then just watch the real `` Matrix '' with Keanu Reeves . I would have expected better of Andy and Larry Wachowski . They should n't even had wasted their time making a `` Animatrix '' .
 i bought this after seeing commercials on tv about it and i thought it would be awesome considering that i love the matrix . i wish i rented it instead of buying it . i thought it was pretty bad and would have given 1 star but there are a couple of good ones on here .1 . final flight of the osiris-probably the best one . good animation and interesting to watch .2 . the second renaissance-kind of boring but gives you the detailed history on how the machines came to rule everything .3 . kid 's story-this one was fun but i thought the animation -LSB- was unacceptable -RSB- . i do n't know why people keep saying it was good . the colors were hard to tell making it all mucky and basically it 's hard to identify anything becausethe drawings are all messy and just bad . the story is good though.4.program-i liked this one . i think this was one of the better ones . the fighting was good and the animation was n't bad .5 . world record-this one was plain stupid.it is about a guy setting the world record in running or someting and it kept having him break his leg and stuff and just made no sense.the animation was so-so .6 . beyond-this one is weird . it is about a girl looking for her cat in this abandoned house that gives you matrix like powers . animation is good but did n't really have any point in it .7 . a detective story-this one was good . it has trinity in it and it is about this detective that is looking for her or something . i did n't really like the animation in it not to mention the whole thing is almost completely in black and white.8.matriculated-animation is really good but boring . it 's about being able to make the robots work for the humans and making them good or something and giving them a mind of their own.Overall , rent it and do n't buy it unless you have rented it and like it . Even the ones that i said were good still are not true matrix level , not to mention short.they just seem like a waste of time and they do n't amount to the movie in anyway whatsoever .
 I found the Animatrix really disappointing . Part One and Two of `` The Second Renaissance '' was just awful ! These two animations tell the story of how mankind was conquered by the machines . There MAJOR flaws from beginning to end . For example , the narration mentions that the humans dropped nuclear weapons on the machine city with no effect because radiation has no effect on a machine . Yet , every nuclear bomb creates an EMP blast that kills all electrical equipment ... something that they use in The Matrix movies ... duh . Another example is that the machine run on solar power . What do humans do ? Black out the sky . Hmmm , let 's not bomb the solar panels first , right ? Finally , my favorite example
 i have to admit that some of the different parts of the film were very cool , but its just plain dissapointing when they finish . there is only about 20 minutesin each of the films , so they have to wrap each one quite shortly . if they had spent the time to make lets say four 40 minute films instead of nine 20 minute ones , i would have been satisfied . the best one was the detective story .
 Pretty disappointing ... of the nine stories , only one , the story of the `` rise of the machines '' -LRB- oh wait , is n't that another movie ? -RRB- is even halfway interesting . Great idea , poor execution .
 This DVD consists of short anime clips that are joined together.It scores well on artistic content and quality of anime.What it fails badly in is the storyline.Viewers are given a sneak peek into a little bit of this and that , without much of a storyline to join it all up.Seperately , there is also a short clip on a teenage boy committing suicide in the belief that it will get him out of the matrix . I find this disturbing . Whether this will inspire copycats can lead to an endless tirade . I certainly will not be letting any impressionable kid watch this.As with the 2nd installment of the matrix , this comes across as quite a disappointment .
 This DVD contains 9 different short stories drawn by different artists . In some cases , I liked the animation , and in others I disliked it . I found the drastic changes in the artists ' style to be distracting at best . But this is a matter of personal taste . I was really disappointed and a little annoyed by this collection because the stories themselves seemed trivial and sometimes incomplete . At the end of many of them I thought so what ? Nothing of substance occurred and there seemed to be no point to many of them . Much like the Enter the Matrix video game -LRB- which I also own and am disappointed with -RRB- , the Animatrix felt like a cheap grab for more of my money . It seemed hastily written and slapped together just to squeeze out a few more bucks from me . While I sort of liked Matrix Reloaded , I think the release of that movie coupled with the video game and the animated stories was overly commercial and really diminished my enthusiasm for Revolutions and my overall opinion of the Matrix storyline . The Animatrix should have just been included on the Matrix Reloaded DVD for free when it is released . I would not waste your money on this one .
 After reading the scores of positive reviews here , I decided to buy the DVD without renting it first . Boy was that a bad decision . Although some of the episodes were entertaining , most of them resorted to simply copying basic themes and visuals from the first movie . The dialogue tends to draw staight off the first movie which can get really annoying . Also , rather than coming up with new machines , these episodes show that in fact squidies are the only machine we will ever see . Except in the last episode which manages to destroy this one good point by being extremely confusing.I suppose if you really like anime then you might like this dvd more than I did . I 'm a really big fan of the Matrix . I thought the first and second movie were fantastic . This DVD is definitely not anywhere near the level of those movies . But if you are a big fan , you 'll probably want to see these once so rent it or borrow it from a friend .
 I was eagerly anticipating the release of Animatrix . Now , after viewing it , I am very disappointed in the product as a whole and even somewhat offended.First , the Good . `` Final Flight of the Osiris '' was incredible . Clearly the best of the features . Some of the most expressive and impressive animation I have ever seen . `` Kid 's Story '' was intriguing and clarifies a question I had after watching `` Matrix
 If logic had anything to do with hollywood you might expect that if you liked the Matrix you will like the Animatrix . Wrong !!! Unlike the Matrix , the Animatrix is collection of short anime 's -LRB- to short to hold your your attention , let alone remember them to recamend to a friend -RRB- . The animation itself is n't bad , infact it 's pretty good , the problem is , that the only thing they are showing is naked chicks and these fake looking robots that could come straight from an H. G. well 's production ! It 's sad , really , because the Matrix appealed to so many people , unlike the Animatrix which will only appeal to adolescents wanting some cheap thrills .
 Ok , I 've waited for this DVD since I found out about it . It was preordered and shipped . I popped it in and ... flat lined ! If you are an anime freak , than this may be something to add to your collection when the price drops . But if you are looking to get a real feel for the Matrix story background , seek alternative sources . Before I jumped on the bandwagon and clicked buy , I should have had a better sense of what I was getting . I wanted something that would go over the FULL past of the Matrix , i.e. the first surviors and the founding of Zion . But the only story that even seemed in line to what I thought I was getting was the first chapter , the final flight ... which I watched last because of a button mishap . Before viewing that I was crushed ! This is definitely a rent first , or borrow DVD . I 'm not sure how you can ride the fence about this one . You either liked it or hated it . If I could rate on workmanship I would rate higher , however I 'm rating on story-line only ... and again , it was a HUGE let down .
 I bought this DVD hoping to get more insight on the Matrix . I believe the origional plan was to make a full animated prequel film to the Matrix . Instead , we get 9 short episodes I do n't know what . In my opinion , the only thing good about it is the animation . The stories make very little sense and have little to do with the movie . If you are an anime fan you would like this . If you are n't , it is a waste of time . --------------------------------------------------------------- Nov 7,2003 I would like to take back what I said about The Animatrix . My hopes were high before I watched it and I was disappointed after seeing it . I should have watched Matrix Reloaded before I wrote the review , which I did n't . After watching Matrix Reloaded I think Animatrix supplements the movie well . I take back my rating of 2 stars and give this a 3.5 . Mainly , because I 'm not a big anime fan . I 'm sure anime fans would disagree with my rating . Judge for yourself .
 As I sat through these short stories my eyelids got heavier and heavier . The pointless stories had me thinking `` Why do I care so much about this ? '' And the answer was `` I do n't care . '' I love anime . That 's why I watched the Animatrix . When anime goes bad it 's REALLY bad . The problem many animes have is there 's too much complicated chatter that the average person will hear as `` blah blah blah . '' The dry dialog is enough to put anybody to sleep . The animation is beautiful . So the one star I 'm giving it will stand for that . But at one point I felt as if I were watching `` Final Fantasy . '' The characters and backgrounds look like they have been ripped directly from that movie . But it is clear that they did not have as much time to develop this story as they did on Final Fantasy because the animation is choppy and does n't flow at all . The lips never match up to the voices and the faces have no emotion at all . All in all this DVD is a waste of time . What is happening is the story of the Matrix is being ruined by all this junk coming out . Toys , video games , TV shows , short stories , and worst of all , one sequel right after the other that only tells the exact same story the first movie told . End it already will you ?
 Expecting something Great out of this movie , I was very dissapointed . Most of the movies made absolutely no sence at all and did not tie to the Matrix .1 . Final Flight Of OsirisThe only truly decent movie on this disk , The visuals are great and the story ties in to the Matrix . Still , it does n't make up for the rest of the movie .2 . The Second Renasance Parts I and IIThese two shorts , while showing very intresting info on the background of the Matrix , are unnecessiraly gory . Scenes are absultotely disgusting . The story is intresting , but still is not great .3 . Kid 's StoryFrom here on the rest of the shorts are totally awful . This short , while tieing on to the Matrix -LRB- because the kid is the one that follows Neo around in Reloaded -RRB- . However , the rest of the movie is not entertaining .4 . ProgramA repeat of the Morpheus-Neo fight scenes from the Matrix . Decent story , but animation is bad and has a stupid ending .5 . World RecordNow here is where it gets really stupid . A runner named Dan breaks through the Matrix . But other than that there is no real mention of the Matrix . You watch this man run in Slo-Mo for most of the movie . Worst movie on the disk .6 . BeyondBoring story that does n't make sence . This girl goes to a Haunted House that 's a glitch in the Matrix . But , there is explanation of what is going on . A lot of it is Kids playing .7 . A Detective StoryBoring , Boring , Boring . I fell asleep during this one . The reason why Trinity wanted him there is not mentioned . Not understandable .8 . MatriculatedThis is the longest of the shorts . It is not understandable . The virtual reality thing is stupid , animation is junk and story is crazy . This one is totally awful.When I watchd this movie I expected a intresting Animation experience . I got junk . One good movie does n't cut it . Even hardcore Matrix fans wo n't like this .
 What the **** ?! I 'm a matrix fan but this ? I just saw it , and it is worthless ... and the stuff of nightmares
 Pros-Contains stories about why and how the Matrix was created-Some episodes have nice animation-Matrix , geeks , and some anime fans will enjoy itCons-Most episodes have stupid looking animation-Weird stories-Slight nudity , even if it 's a robot , and a lot of skimpy clothing -LRB- really PG-13 ? -RRB- - Tried to be too symbolic and artisticOverall , it left a bad taste in my mouth . Just rent it if you really curious to see it .
 This disc is mess-uped . Any kid under 11 SHOULD NOT FOR ANY REASON SEE THIS . It messes with your mind
 This DVD start 's off wonderfully with `` Final flight of the Orisis '' , the animation is outstanding and it does a great job of setting you up for `` The Matrix Reloaded '' . But after than there is n't anything really worth your time . Only two others come close and those are `` Kid 's Story '' and `` Detective Story '' and those are really pretty far from relating to the movie . If your a anima fan you may enjoy these just for the animation , but for my after `` Final flight of the Orisis '' it lost any real Matrix feel to the stories .
 I thought `` The Animatrix '' would be better , since it 's a Matrix movie ! Only 3 out of the 9 mini-movies were good . Only the first on has real Computer Animation and some of the animation is n't even colored in . If you 're gon na watch this , just watch the first 3 mini-movies and then just watch the real `` Matrix '' with Keanu Reeves . I would have expected better of Andy and Larry Wachowski .
 I rented this because I could not decide whether or not to buy it . I had been extremely disappointed over the Matrix Reloaded and I did not want to make a costly mistake . Renting was a good idea . While better than the movie , these shorts suffered from too many ideas that were not explored properly . Everything seemed a bit too rushed . The animation varied from exquisite to downright revolting.I was unimpressed with Final Flight of the Osiris . Photo realistic animation does not work with Human characters ! Give it up ! The characters looked embalmed and reanimated . I do not want to see computer animated butts with skin that looks like it has the consistency of jellyfish . There is nothing alive about these characters . They are too perfect . They do n't move like beings who are related to the Great Ape family tree . Speed up any video of live human beings and our side to side , arm swinging ape like walk is unmistakeable . Plus someone has to give these animators acting lessons . Because that is what they have to become in order to try and give realistic reactions to these mannequins . A well timed smirk is not acting!Anyway , the best of the lot was Beyond . I was impressed with the animation and the story . It brought the Matrix world into ours by focusing on a girl next door type , her cat and the neighborhood kids . The incorporation of the haunted house archtype was genius ! That look into the black nothing of the matrix hole was terrifying ! I wanted to know more about these kids . What did the agents do to them?The rest of the shorts , I could take or leave.This is definately a rental ! Do not buy !
 I am a Matrix fan . I have been a Matrix fan but after seing this I ca n't say that I will `` always be '' Matrix fan . This thing was pointless . It just lets you know how it all started . But to me that was part of the coolness the Matrix had to offer ... the fact that you know little no knowlage . You just have to wait for the next movie to come out -LRB- Revolutions -RRB- . I am highly dissapointed with Enter the Matrix as well . This coming from a Matrix fan who printed out flyers ins school and put them all around the hallways announcing the arrival of Matrix Reloaded , which I would give a three out of five . That is mostly because the begining -LSB- was not good -RSB- , and then to top it off , the Wachowski brothers had a fadawy type camera shot of Keanue Reaves instead of Carrie Ann Moss which was -LSB- not good -RSB- . Most the people who watched the movie were guys ! All in all , for nine stupid pointless , appetite losing -LRB- oh yeah , I lost my appatite eating some chicken Lo Mein dammit ! -RRB- ... Do n't spend -LSB- the money -RSB- . It 's not worth it . The only reason it gets 2 stars is beacuse I give them more credit than they desreve on the animation . I like the style they used though ... It 's new . Rent it . You might think I am a piece of crap for saying all this , so just keep in mind that is my opinion you are reading .
 I anticipated the Animatrix to be a good production . First I saw Final Flight of the Osiris which was the best anime short that I have ever seen . But then I saw The Second Renaissance I was disquested . The Second Renaissance was the worst short that I had ever seen in my WHOLE LIFE . After that , all the others were either boring , pointless or just plain lame . Do not buy this DVD ...
 I believe that this animated movie is an attempt to milk as much money from the Matrix 's name as possible . Based on my observation , `` The Animatrix '' is a collection of old and poorly written animations that are designed to cash in on a film with a low production budget . The 1st animation was nice but then it goes down hill from there . I do not recommend buying this item . I am not disgruntled I just wish someone was honest in their reviews before I purchased my copy . After watching it for a while you definitely ca n't wait til it is over . The only thing that keeps you watching is the fact that maybe a good story is coming , just like the 1st scene . In any case , I recommend that you just wait until your buddy gets it . Trust me , he wo n't mind you borrowing it for a few weeks maybe months .
 When they say this DVD contains considerable violence and grotesque imagery they are n't kidding . If the Matrix had been anything more than an action movie I might bother to discuss the social ramifications of its themes and the legitimacy of art expression , but I will keep this a review of this DVD.I enjoy anime , but I am one of those who does not think sanitized should be a pejorative term.The violence against women -LRB- or pseudowomen , in certain incidents -RRB- disturbed me but the rending of screaming people was reckless disregard for taste . I can not in good conscience recommend this DVD as a whole.The idea behind telling the back story was innovative , but the execution was gruesome.The good points -LRB- i.e. why it should get any stars -RRB- : The behind the scenes are intriguing.The `` Scrolls to Screen
 I was excited to get to see this dvd when i first heard about it , however , when i watched it with my friends we all decided that with the exception of Final Flight of the Osiris , the dvd -LSB- stunk -RSB- . this adds nothing to the story that surrounds the matrix .
 What is the Animatrix ? Nine very short and uninspiring animated shorts . The good part ? You 'll realize this after 2 , and turn it off . Last Flight of the Osiris is another Final Fantasy . If you liked that movie , you 'll probably love this DVD . However , the vast majority of humanity did not . Some of stories do n't even fit in with the world already created in the first two movies . Creativity ? Yeah ... but it 's missused
 I regret watching the Animatrix film and am thankful I just borrowed it from a friend and did n't spend money . This type of film is , to me , what is wrong with Hollywood or mass market films in general . I found the short films to be in one of two categories :1 . A storyline that was better left to the imagination of the user . Nothing `` new '' is shown , it is kind of like a documentary about how something referenced in the movie came about . Most of these shorts are completely centered around the point that the human race is becoming too reliant on technology . This removes any thought or imagination from the moviegoer , something that was present in the first Matrix film but every successive release removes pieces .2 . An attempt to bring in some new angle to the story by proposing a new `` deep '' theory . All of these shorts just came off as confusing jumbles of random thoughts and images . You end up confused as the storyline makes no sence . The ones that do have a point are n't very interesting for all the work they put in to depict it.The quality of animation is quite nice . Like many of thse reviews have mentioned , the shorts are all done by different people so the styles are all different . That part of it , I found quite refreshing.This is not a DVD I would want to own , my recommendation if you really want to see it is a quick rental and low expectations . Otherwise you will be very disappointed .
 Careful about buying this DVD . I just finished watching 70 % of it at home , and multiple times throughout the DVD my wife and I wanted to turn it off . The first short is the best . Flight of the Osiris . Everything else is terrible , and now I know why the first short is the only one released to the theatres . Pretty obvious difference in quality between that and the others . Had they shown any of the others in the theatre , there would have been a stampede to the bathroom to hurl.Yes , the rest of the DVD is that bad .
 soem were interesting in regards to filling in the gaps of storyline , but all in ok , just an OK dvd living off the name of movie .
 I just watched the animatrix last night with my little sister . I 'm a total Matrix fan , but these anime cartoons were deeply unsettling . The final flight of the Osiris was tragic , but helpful for understanding Reloaded . The second renisance parts 1 and 2 , were by far the most useful for understanding The Matrix trilogy , and the most unsettling . Program was weird in a non-scary way . Kid 's story was a little strange , but not scary or dumb . World record was BORING maybye I did n't understand it , but all it was slo-mo and useless -LRB- to my point of view -RRB- information . Matrixified was unsettling and a snore to watch . Beyond was cool . It was n't scary , but it was a little strange . About halfway through the anime cartoons , my dad came in and watched a little of them . He said they were boring ... I would just like to remind you that no-one under 15 , easily scared , easily bored , or was uninterested in The Matrix should watch these anime cartoons .
 This is a series of 9 shorts each of which is , unfortunately , too long , too predictible and too boring . Necrotic . Plus , the interface stinks and you have the pleasure of seeing all nine sets of credits at the end of each individual short.This is one star because reviewers ca n't give zero stars!Don ' t buy this . Do n't rent this . Do n't ever bother yourself with this .
 Basically a disposable collection of short-stories somewhat related to the Matrix , this set of animation segments is uninteresting and empty . The animation is good for the most part , but the characters and storylines are far from engaging . This is just as useless and unecessary as the Matrix sequels , offering promising ideas yet failing to develop them properly . Aside from some impressive visuals and music , `` The Animatrix '' is nothing more than another product to seduce fanboys who still care about this disappointing trilogy . To the others -LRB- like me -RRB- , this release is unconvincing and tiresome.Junk cinema .
 I rented this thinking it would be awsome , it had like all these sites saying the animations was awsome . When i saw the first like minuit animation thing i thought , thats good . then the rest ... ohhhh the rest ... I literally shut off my VCR while watching like the 7th one . This was the most reduculous thing i have ever seen . No offense to those who like it . But i would STRONGLY not reccomend even wasting the 2 bucks to rent it at a video store .
 This was a strange movie . Bunch of different sections of the Matrix movis is in this movie . I tell you , I have seen some great animated movies , but this one bored me to death . It did however , explained little more about Matrix itself , but the sections do end abrubtly , so you do n't know what happends to lot of those characters in each of those sections . If I could give zero stars then I would have .
 I am really disappointed of this movie.Don ' t spend your money in it.It is a bad movie , without meaning.Don ' t waste your time in this garbage .
 In this collection of -LSB- bad -RSB- animation based on the brain dead science fiction series we get to see the adventures of people we have no reasons to care about . ZERO STARS
 further proof that at the heart of the Matrix is ... little more than that revealed in the first film . The sequel and this animation shift emphasis from the notion that `` reality is a dream '' and emphasizes a by-now hackneyed `` man versus machine '' formula . Is this the world of the Matrix , or a preview of Terminator 3 ? The background `` Second Renaissance '' is third-tier Asimov at best , and Last Flight of the Osiris is not more successful at accomplishing anything than Final Fantasy . As for the others -- come on ... Are a series of `` Tone Poems '' already the only things they could cobble together with such a rich concept?All in all , I suspect the Animatrix is the shape of things to come for the Matrix ... but fortunately , we 'll only have to go back there one more time ...
 I saw the Final Flight of the Osiris in the theater and I thought it was great . It had a great story and the animation was awesome . When the DVD came out I ran and bought it . OOPS !!! I started watching it and I loved the animation , they had some of the top Anime artists . The problem was the story lines , some of them just seemed pointless and you were just left saying ummmm ok . This would be a good DVD to rent , but do n't buy it !!
 Let me start of by saying I really enjoyed the matrix . The matrix reloaded was okay , but nothing special . I was looking forward to the animatrix because I incorrectly thought it would be written with a similar quality and caliber as the first matrix . I was wrong . I wo n't rehash what many other reviewers have already stated , but for those who are still deciding whether or not to buy , DO N'T . You will be disappointed . The quality of the animation presented is sub par only to its dialogue and plot . Many of the stories are pointless and obvious . I fear the kid 's story will start a new trend of teenagers jumping from the roofs of buildings so they can wake up in the `` real '' world . I am honestly not sure -LSB- who -RSB- thought that story up . With the exception of the last flight of osiris this was a poorly thought out poorly executed production . I advise that you rent before buying .
 For starters , the movie was shot in Torrence California which looks nothing like Cuba Misourri or any other town in the Ozarks . I guess any flat area would do -- and what 's the difference ? Right ? Oh well . We were also supposed to ignore the palm trees that made their way into at least two scenes . Added on to that , was the obscene depiction of rural people . The director and writer really made no bones about their view of those of us who come from the South and Midwest ; according to them , we are all a bunch of racists and hillbilly waste products -LRB- the characters played by John Favreau and Rory Cochran were straight out of the TOXIC AVENGER -RRB- I am guessing that not a whole lot of research went into the making of this opus . And as a result , we got a B movie disguised as an edgy , indie , arthouse flick , made by a cast and crew , who think they are just so hip and so enlightened . The truth is , all they really are is intellectually lazy , and socially unaware .
 For starters , the movie was shot in Torrence California which looks nothing like Cuba Misourri or any other town in the Ozarks . I guess any flat area would do -- and what 's the difference ? Right ? Oh well . We were also supposed to ignore the palm trees that made their way into at least two scenes . Added on to that , was the obscene depiction of rural people . The director and writer really made no bones about their view of those of us who come from the South and Midwest ; according to them , we are all a bunch of racists and hillbilly waste products -LRB- the characters played by John Favreau and Rory Cochran were straight out of the TOXIC AVENGER -RRB- I am guessing that not a whole lot of research went into the making of this opus . And as a result , we got a B movie disguised as an edgy , indie , arthouse flick , made by a cast and crew , who think they are just so hip and so enlightened . The truth is , all they really are is intellectually lazy , and socially unaware .
 After watching this movie for about 30 minutes , I knew something was wrong . There were no hills or bunches of trees . It looks like the movie was made in huge somewhat empty parking lot.Too bad , cause Rory Cochrane is my home . -LRB- Know what I am sayin ' ? -RRB- Do n't even waste your time . Try and check out `` Southlander '' instead.Peace
 Dogtown is about a former resident turned movie star , Trevor St. John -LRB- Payback '99 and Tv 's One Life To Live -RRB- , who returns to his home town inw hich he sees how it has n't changed one bit . His former school mates havent changed and his family hasnt changed also . His mother is played by Karen Black -LRB- House Of 1000 Corpses , Airport 1975 -RRB- and his sister is played by Natasha Gregson Wagner -LRB- Urban Legend , Stranger Than Fiction -RRB- ... his sister is autistic . The bullies of his past , Rory Cochrane -LRB- Tv 's CSI : Miami , Empire Records -RRB- and Jon Favreau -LRB- Swingers , The Big Empty -RRB- , though you cant understand half of what they say threw out . Favreau and Cochrane skrap up dead animals off the side of the road . . hmm . The quiet studdly actor also remembers he had a crush on the once beauty queen , Mary Stuart Masterson , now turned hairstylist who still lives with her abusive drunken dad and her sister . Trevor St. John gives a silent effective performance but the movie drones on with it 's sillyness and Favreau chews up everyscene he is in with his racist slurs and his southern tobacco spitting cocky attitude and you just want someone to kill the guy . Also starring Maureen McCormick -LRB- TV 's Becker -RRB- .
 Another reviewer stated this is `` a midwesterner 's view of the midwest ... '' . That 's crap ... . As someone from Missouri and who 's been to Cuba this movie is about as real -LRB- and insulting -RRB- if they had done Boyz in the Hood with middle aged white guys in blackface.I do n't know if this is `` Hollywood 's View of the midwest , '' or if the director and writer just happen to have head injuries .
 I did some growing up in Missouri and I feel I do n't ever have to go back to visit again . All I have to do is put this little slice of hokum in my DVD player -LRB- or try to force it into the VCR -RRB- and golly , I 'm back in a good ole show me state of mind . Where , according to this movie , most of the population has a hard time spelling `` DVD '' . Did the filmmakers cut up the funny papers and use Lil ' Abner for storyboards ? Who backed this film ? Skoal ? The whole cast should have been ab-duckted and given an anal probing because this group is exactly the type aliens love to visit . Maybe these same little green fellers can reverse time and get me my two hours back .
 On Thanksgiving Day when people count their blessings , I think about one thing I will always be greatful for
 Only rent or buy this if you enjoy movies that are embarassingly bad -LRB- Grease 2 , Two of a Kind , Rhinestone -RRB- . Please do not listen to anyone who remembers this fondly from when they were 7 years old . It is exploitative trash and poorly made . The world did not need the Bee Gees performing Beatles songs . We were all ok with the Beatles version .
 The worst piece of garbage ever . Who the hell came up with this concept ? The Bee Gees as the Beatles . I would have loved to been in that development meeting . Just say no .
 I HAD great expectations about this dvd . . cause I dearly love the Bee Gees , but to me , I didnt get pass 30 minutes , and just ejected it ...
 The ficticious place called `` Heartland '' finds all kinds of musicians coming together in orange , pink , red and purple satin . `` Sgt. Pepper '' unites all kinds of Beatle tunes into one large ball of cheese . How many careers were ruined by this film ? Is it easy to spot that only a handful of people here actually had -LRB- any -RRB- acting experience out of the hundreds of people in this film ? Outside of some brief narration by George Burns , it 's ALL song and dance . There 's a few good performances here -LRB- Aerosmith 's `` Come Together '' , Robin Gibb 's `` Oh Darling '' , Earth Wind & Fire 's `` Got To Get You Into My Life '' , and the Bee Gees ' `` Golden Slumber '' -RRB- ... and one hilarious - Steve Martin singing `` Maxwell 's Silver Hammer '' in the green tiled room ... but most of this is tedious to get through . THE HEROES
 Sorry I love the bee gees music . but I just did n't dig this film man , this deserves the ultra bad razzie award . I remember see this at my friend 's house and feeling like I ate something horrible and my gut ached . The first half with George burns as he narrates the story was interesting until they get into the singing with peter frampton personally somebody at universal should 've told Robert stigwood to come back when they had a better script formed or just told him to walk away from this turkey project . That goes for the Bee Gees and Frampton and Steve martin yes wild and crazy guy Steve playing Maxwell edision and speaking not singing Maxwell 's silver hammer trying to be funny but it backfired it was horrible . I watched it again the other night I still had that feeling in gut not as bad but it was still there . The story was based on characters from the Beatles songs so it 's a little wacky ; I like what the story was trying to tell about love , peace and harmony . But the screenwriter messed it up and turned this great idea that could 've been a really good film and made into first-rate fodder . That embarrassed and ruined for a time , some careers of Frampton and Bee Gees were on the side for decade because of this awful film . I do n't think stigwood made another film because of it , its shame because of he was involved with so many good projects in the past , and this dud was his downfall . The only good sequences are a few which is a shame the lady that plays strawberry fields has got amazing voice and always fun to watch aerosmith playing villains .
 This DVD doesnt work in any of my four DVD players . The movie skips and freezes . IU have cleaned the movie and my players and it is the disc . I will not recommend buying this movies again through amazon . I re-purchased the same item on bestbuy.com and it product was perfect and plays well .
 I thought that the movie was one of the biggest stinkers in the history of the planet ... I hate Peter Frampton and Barry Gibb ... They both come off as a bunch of pritty boys ! Robin Gibb as playing the part of a wimp ! He had to have Barry punch Alice Cooper in the face to save him from being strangled to death . the feast sequence had a drug influence feel to it ... I would NEVER show this to my family ... The only good thing about the soundtrack was Robin Gibb 's verson of Oh Darling ... Let 's Not forget Get Back By Billy Preston ... Otherwise the film is a complete waste of time and money ... Bee Gees and Frampton RUINED the Beatles music ... They ALL need acting lessons . . Poor George Burns He was also the only thing worth watching ... I hope that it is never released to DVD ...
 The Beatles never existed -- as far as this film is concerned , anyway . Before watching this movie , you should empty everything you know about the Beatles from your mind . While you 're at it , you might as well empty everything else from your mind , because your intelligence may be insulted.I watched this movie knowing it would be bad , but I was hoping it would be classic bad , cult following bad , Rocky Horror Picture Show bad . I wanted to hear George Burns sing `` Fixin ' a Hole '' and Steve Martin deliver a slightly pervy redition of `` Maxwell 's Silver Hammer . '' I wanted to hear robots perform `` Mean Mr. Mustard '' . And I really wanted to see Peter Frampton and the Bee Gees become the Lonely Hearts Club Band.The movie delivers all of these and more , horrifyingly more . I ca n't even explain how bad this movie is . Let 's just say that it makes Rocky Horror look like Les Miserables . This movie is also pretty racist ; I 'm white and I was offended by the portrayal of black people in it -LRB- Earth , Wind , and Fire , of course , were the exception ; the guy who played the weathervane , on the other hand , made me feel like I was at a minstrel show -RRB- . Sargeant Pepper 's not bad in a fun way ; it 's just bad in a bad way.I should say that the best performance of the movie is Aerosmith 's snaky redition of `` Come Together . '' This is coming from someone who is not even an Aerosmith fan . There are a lot of unbelievable moments in the film , but that one was surprising in a good way .
 I saw this in the theater when I was eight years old . Barely remembered it except I did remember that I was bored out of my mind . Thought I 'd have a better appreciation for the film now that I 'm older . Boy , was I wrong ! Had to watch it three times to get through it because I fell asleep twice.What was everyone who starred in this movie thinking ? Anyone reading the script had to have known it sounded stupid . Premise
 Where to begin?It 's been , ahem , over 25 years since I saw SPLHCB in the theatre . I 've been feeling nostalgic lately and saw it again on video.The idea to knit a story out of disjointed songs was pretty ambitious and creative . Had the writer used the entire Beatles catalog , he may have been able to pound out a script that made sense . It still would n't have made sense to have the BeeGees star in it . It 's akin to the Eagles making a cover album of Saturday Night Fever.Anyway , the concept to knit a plot from songs was not altogether a bad one , as is evidenced by `` Mama Mia '' -LRB- ABBA -RRB- and `` Moving Out '' -LRB- Billy Joel -RRB- , two off-Broadway shows that steal Sgt. Pepper 's premise , with much better success . But using a literal interpretation of the Beatles lyrics boxed them in . The result was a disjointed , bizarre stream of consciousness . Immensely watchable thanks to the presence of many beautiful people , but bizarre nonetheless.On a side note , I would have loved to have seen some outtakes . Despite the trauma to their collective careers and their attempts to distance themselves from Sgt. Pepper , the Gibbs are quite witty a la Monty Python when left to their own devices . Their outtakes were undoubtably more clever , and better acted , than the movie itself .
 The Bee Gees terribly portray the Beatles second best album , and have no place as no-talent disco freaks to pretend to be the best . Imagine Jean Claude -LRB- Clod -RRB- Van Damme portraying Humphrey Bogart and you understand why this film is so loathsome . As good as `` Sgt. Pepper '' was , its songs were NOT the basis for a movie .
 Man!I honestly did n't think that someone could devise a way to turn timeless Beatle classics into lame McDonald 's - style soundbites but Stigwood managed to do just that!Just a few of the `` High Points '' of this rediculous farce ... . George Burns shuffleing around while he croaks out `` Fixing a Hole '' . . Steve Martin mugging for the camera while he attempts to turn `` Maxwell 's Silver Hammer '' into his `` I 'm just a WILD and CRAZY guy '' bit . . `` I Want You -LRB- She 's so Heavy -RRB- '' butchered beyond belief while the BeeGees and Framption stare off into the distance , no doubt counting the mounds of dog poop stuck in the storm drains ... . Peter Frampton gets saved from jumping off the roof of a barn -LRB- I was yelling `` JUMP ! '' at the TV set -RRB- when Billy Preston turns into a real live person instead of a weathervane -LRB- ? -RRB- and basically `` fixes '' everything bad that happened in the entire film in TWO MINUTES FLAT while singing `` Get Back '' . There are really too many `` High Points '' to mention ... . The only scene I really got into was Earth , Wind & Fire doing `` Got to Get You Into My Life '' but the rest of this epic musical ? YUCK !!! If you want to waste an afternoon suffering through this , be my guest ... As for me , I 'll be watching `` Tommy '' , `` A Hard Days Night '' , `` The Rocker '' and `` Woodstock '' Thank You very much ! Peace .
 It is hard to believe that they have released this piece of crap on DVD . The only thing about the 1970s that I regret is paying to see it.Avoid at all costs .
 I loved this movie ! I was not born during the Beettles time , I love musicals and this one blow my mind . I have been looking for this movie for over a year . I now have a daughter that is also into musicals and i wanted her to view this one and be able to appreiciate it as I and my sisters have .
 This movie is a preposterous attempt to capitalize on the music of the Beatles for commercial profit . The acting is ... nonexistent , the musical renditions take perfectly good music and turn it into 70 's schlock . The plot makes NO sense -LRB- a weathervane comes to life in the end and makes everything right . That is how this movie is resolved . -RRB- This is a glaring example of 70 's rock excess and commercialization undermining all that is good about rock in the first place . This movie is perhaps the greatest reason we should all be thankful for , if not be a big fan of , punk .
 There is nothing `` campy '' about this movie , it just STINKS.Only Robert Stigwood could take the greatest , most important album of the 1960s and turn it into the worst movie of all time.It was an embarassment to everyone involved . The Bee Gees refused to comment about SGT. PEPPER in interviews during the 1980 's and Billy Preston filed a lawsuit to have his name removed from the video box . It was n't just a bad movie , it killed careers.When I saw it in the theater with several friends during it 's very short-lived general release , I was appalled at the movie 's amauterishness . There is no plot , the dialogue would insult the intelligence of a typical 4th grader , and the acting is non-existent . The music is performed in some kind of mind-numbing daze with orchestration straight out of H.R. Puffenstuff.Towards the end of the film Peter Frampton stands on a roof top contemplating suicide . In the theater two or three people , myself included , began shouting `` Jump ! Jump ! `` It was the only time I 've ever been in a movie theater when the audience booed as the final credits rolled.There are a few short seconds while Aerosmith performs `` Come Together '' that are kind of interesting . But all of the rest of the movie should have been torn to shreds , burned , and buried in a pit on the dark side of the moon . It is absolute unadulterated GARBAGE.I rank it 1 star because that 's as low as the rating system goes . In reality it deserves negative 46 stars .
 I do n't recommend this movie to anyone , however if you are brave enough you may want to check it out . The movie is real close to being unwatchable . The plot is simple , a small town band hits it big in the music world and then tragedy strikes . Sounds like an episode of `` Behind The Music '' does n't it ? The only person who speaks in the movie is George Burns , and that 's only to narrate . The rest is all told thru Beatles songs . What makes this so bad is that the storyline was written to tie together songs that have nothing to do with one another . This whole thing is just bad , not a good bad , just a bad bad , it 's horrible , yet I watched the whole thing , ca n't say I 'd do it again though . The best part of the movie is the final song in which the cast is joined by various music celebrities of the day . It 's cool to pick them all out and see who 's among the crowd -LRB- much like the famous Beatles album cover ! -RRB- . If you have nothing else to do or are in need of a good sleep , check out this movie . It does sort of remind me of `` Roadie '' and `` KISS Meets The Phantom Of The Park '' , but sadly both of those are better movies and that ai n't saying much !
 First time ordering instant video - loved the fact that it was simple , immediate , and the price was right . But , even with a cast of a 1000 stars , it really is pretty bad overall . The `` story '' is such a simple one so I do n't know why it had to turn out to be such a mess . Still , it was good for nostalgic purposes and to introduce most of the stars to my teenager .
 I had the album back in the day -LRB- 1978 -RRB- and never saw the movie until it came out on Netflix streaming -LRB- 2012 -RRB- . The movie is horrifyingly bad . Yet as a time capsule it 's rather fascinating . I grew up in the 70 's , and yes millenials , this is just how bad your parents looked back then . And how bad style was . And , well , everything . Except maybe some of the music . If you 're a Beatles purist , skip this movie or have nightmares . If you 're a BG fan , you 'll love it . Otherwise , it 's semi-watchable as a non-ironic Clockwork Orange , if you have the remote at the ready .
 I always heard about this musicial film , and could never find a copy around.Now I understand why.It 's the musical version of ` Burn , Hollywood , Burn ' . Where you have a great director , great idea , great actors and a gawd-awful script.If the film came out between 1967 through 1972 , it would have scored a hit with everyone.Riding the vibes of the times . By 1978 , the Hippie era was long over.Disco and Country clashed on the radio-waves . The folky 60 's sound was now dusty and by-passed . This film really suffers from poor timing.Even Stigwood 's ` ABBA-The Movie ' and their American tour was two years post-prime , sadly.ABBA would have bloomed over the Beatles , if they were allowed to sprout and germinate sooner , in the Spring of 1977 . When ` ABBA-Gold ' was released , everybody wondered where these musical treasures had sunken . Fastforward to 1986 . MTV aired the original Monkees shows in a non-stop video marathon.It touched off an explosion of interest in 60 's nostalgic music.And the freezed-dried seeds of the 60 's were beginning to sprout about once again.This film has all the greatest music groups , singers and actors of all time.From George Burns to Aerosmith , from Steve Martin to the BeeGees , Billy Preston to Peter Frampton.And still this film felt strained.I think it was more Stigwood paying tribute to the musical genius of the Beatles.The four lads from Liverpoole had long moved on , and I ca n't say whether they appreciated the movie at all.They were probably more amused than entertained.The film has a quirkey charm to it , and has its share of loyal Lonely Heart club devotees.I saw the film once , and once was seeing enough for me.To each , their own .
 Is that a quote from one of the movie 's villains or an inter-office memo from the production team ? Though this movie appears to us now as hopelessly dated , `` harmless '' kitsch , it 's important to remember that the primary reason for making this film was profit , plain and simple . The producers wanted to cynically cash in on their audience 's nostalgia of the Beatles and long-faded hippie ideals.What results is a bizarre , cartoonish funhouse mirror of those cynical ambitions . Sgt. Pepper and his band can end wars , their instruments can `` make dreams come true '' but they ca n't help George Burns ' Golden Throats-worthy singing or help our heroes ' acting ability . They get seduced by dreams of Hollywood fame and really skanky women , while their town is befell by the corrupt Mr. Mustard , who turns `` Heartland '' into a hellish haven with a giant greasy cheesburger and -LRB- gasp ! -RRB- a video game arcade . Then Strawberry Fields comes to the rescue and a benefit -LRB- for Mr. Kite ! -RRB- is held , although that devolves into some more bizarre set pieces , and ends when Miss Fields bites the dust . But wait , then Frampton tries not to come alive , and the original Pep does a reverse Michael Jackson and comes back as a black guy , played by Billy Preston . He sings about `` California grass '' and does some funky dancing , and helps our villains discover Jesus . Then , Pow ! a large scale recreation of the Pepper 's album cover appears , this time with more C-list celebs . If you thought the original Sgt. Pepper 's album was missing disco beats and vocoders , and want to see some trippy set design , try to sit through this movie . I dare you .
 I Love The Beatles . They one one of my all time favorite bands , and I love Sgt Peppers Lonely Hearts Club band the album , and I Love The BeeGees . And Peter Frampton is great as well . So with all of these , how could I hate this movie ? Well , I have to say that they just ruined the whole concept of the story in this movie . George Burns , though great , was a horrible choice . Steve Martin , though hilarious , was another bad choice . The music could have been better as well . A great band covering a great band should have made great music , but , it fell way so short . It was n't the Beatles and it was n't the BeeGees . It was , something that resembles that white stuff in the corner of your mouth after falling asleep in a dry room . It was pure 100 % crud . Oh , and Aerosmith as the Evil Band . Yeah , that was so stupid , i could n't even find the heart to laugh . Whatever happened during this process , it was not productive or creative in any sense of the word . It is 100 % horrible . Do not watch this unless you want your impression of either band tainted forever .
 This movie is bad . It transcends badness . The acting is bad , the script is bad , the music is -LRB- mostly -RRB- bad . It is the trifecta of badness . The music only roughly tells a story and then it is just the first few lines that are meaningful.The only enjoyment from the film is in a masochistic way . How much pain can you endure ? Our limit ? About 60 minutes.I would give it 0 stars if it were possible . 1 star is over generous .
 When I was really young -LRB- like nine -RRB- , I used to LOVE this flick . Today I have watched it as a grown man.Wow.Sometimes you forget just how much times have changed , and then something comes along and smacks you upside the head like a two-iron and reminds you . Movies like this used to fly.Incredible.It makes me want to watch `` Shields and Darnell '' reruns . Or `` That 's Incredible '' . This film TOTALLY encapsulates the weird transition-phase that pop-culture went through as it kissed the seventies goodbye and leaped into the eighties . Everything is SO colorful , everyonoe looks SO innocent . Peter Frampton is dancing around in a sweet pair of white overalls with his name on them.Twisted man , really out there . This film really helps you understand where the punk movement came from.I do n't know that this film has any redeeming qualities as an actual film , but as a study of late-disco era white culture , it is priceless .
 In early 1978 , the Bee Gees were riding the crest of their phenomenal `` Saturday Night Fever '' wave . Then came the late-summer thud of `` Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band . '' What a difference a few months can make ! Except for Aerosmith , Earth , Wind & Fire , Steve Martin and Billy Preston , no one looked good in this embarrassing rock musical . Beatles producer George Martin somehow got suckered into working on the equally disastrous soundtrack album . The careers of the Brothers Gibb and co-star Peter Frampton -LRB- not to mention Robert Stigwood 's entertainment empire -RRB- never truly recovered from this wrongheaded decision to imitate the inimitable Fab Four . Who knows what happened to Paul Nicholas ?
 Ok , BeeGees ' music is a definite guilty pleasure . I loved them back in the day . -LRB- Full disclosure -- my first single record purchase was the Eagles ' `` Hotel California '' first album -- Pink Floyd 's `` Dark Side of the Moon '' , just to show how out of my usual genres BeeGees are -RRB- I saw this movie when it first came out -- the BeeGees were still owning the music scene with the SNF soundtrack . Peter Frampton was , imo , an odd choice , but whatever -LRB- I 've always wondered if Andy was n't the first choice , but he always had his own issues -RRB- . But the movie was BAD . Awful . One review I saw back in '78 stated , `` Frampton 's best scenes are the ones where he 's unconcious . '' Its not wrong . TCM showed this back in 2000 or so and I recorded it , just to see if it was as bad as I remembered . Yeah , even worse.Several fundamental/fatal mistakes were made with this vehicle -LRB- let 's face it , it was a BeeGees vehicle -RRB- . First , if they had attempted to make it more British/Common Market , at least the boys could have had some lines and a story would probably have been easier to hang on the soundtrack . They could n't lose the accents for the US setting , and were not actors -- its basically a silent movie with the Beatles ' re-done -LRB- in a very 70s style -RRB- Sgt. Pepper album.They did line up lots of cameos . Some are fun , some just painful . The script , what there is of it , is simply knocked together with the nagging feeling that whoever was doing it might have been smoking something at the time.For a much better 70s romp , you just ca n't beat `` The Warriors . '' This one is just -LRB- sorry BeeGees , as much as I love your music -RRB- AWFUL . -LRB- And definitely not for the under-12s , at least in my house these days . -RRB-
 You 're going to need it if you watch this tripe . Your stomach will definitely churn something harder and less flavorful than butter when you watch a cast of 1000 idiots butcher the Beatles ' later song catalog . If this is supposed to be Sgt. Pepper , why do they borrow songs from Abbey Road , Magical Mystery Tour , and Revolver ? Why would Paul Nicholas be singing `` You Never Give Me Your Money '' when it actually makes you long to hear goofy old `` Heaven on the 7th Floor ? '' Why is the otherwise cool old coot George Burns doing the -- as of late -- Peter O'Toole and embarrassing himself in something that should only be HALF as good as Rock My World -LRB- And that movie is bad ! -RRB- ? Why do the BeeGees and Frampton never utter one spoken line ? My guess is they got lucky as supposedly they actually wanted out of this mess ! Why are the covers on here so lousy , with the exception of Earth Wind and Fire 's `` Got to Get You into My Life ? '' Hell , I can play that great rendition without subjecting myself to this howler . Why does a weather vein bring everything that did n't make sense in the first place full circle ? All these questions must be answered by Robert Stigwood who will surely suffer hard time in entertainment hedonism purgatory . Just as well , because he unleashed some of the worst music on us in 70s pop history , so he should be punished for that too . All he missed was giving us the Starland Vocal Band 's little `` masterpiece , '' `` Afternoon Delight . `` If you have children , do n't rent or buy this movie , or you will unleash another Oasis , Patrick Juvet , or Patrick Bateman on society . For the love of God , do n't torture them in this way ! Just give them the original Beatle works , and you will raise happy , healthy , well adjusted kids . I watched this a second time to see if it was really as bad as my first viewing , and it was . Worse yet , my beagle was on the couch beside me and did n't stop howling for hours -- literally days -- afterward . It started when they showed a bunch of mostly forgotten celebrities at the end , Leif Garrett in particular . You have been warned ...
 The last , dying , gasping , crushing , eviscerating , agonizing blow to beatlemania . See it once AND ONLY ONCE for the sheer ridiculousness of it . But be forewarned , if you are a Beatles fan , and especially a SGT Pepper fan , the experience is kind of like being sodomized . How did the 1960 's come to this ? How could the the producers , audience , or anybody miss the irony of the we hate joy we love money message ? Pretty much for sociologists and sado-masochists , otherwise do not pay to see this .
 I saw this movie in the theater when I was a teen . I had hoped for more then , and I hoped for more now . It was not bad , but it will not appeal to anyone who is not a Beatles fan . My kids got a kick out of it because of the shiney 70s look , and they knew a bunch of the music.This movie is a loosely strung together series of later Beatles music , and a few inside jokes for the fans , but other than a trip down memory lane , the movie is not worth watching . I can even remember being dispointed in Alice Cooper 's rendiditon of `` Because '' as a teen even though I was a huge AC fan . Still , Aerosmith 's `` Come Together '' is as good now as it was then . Billy Preston doing `` Get Back '' was the most appropriate selection for a performer -LRB- Beatles fans will understand why -RRB- . Unfortunately the movie lacks any real substance . It may be worth a rent for a trip down memory lane , but not worth owning . The chances I will watch this again this decade are pretty small .
 1970 's megaproducer Robert Stigwood hit a bump in the road when he tried to create a storyline out of characters from various Beatle albums . This has to be seen to be believed - George Burns with an electric guitar singing `` Fixing a Hole '' ? Donald Pleasance singing `` I Want You She 's So Heavy '' ? Steve Martin makes a hilarious screen debut playing `` Maxwell '' from the `` Abbey Road '' track `` Maxwell 's Silver Hammer '' . Earth , Wind and Fire , Aerosmith , The Bee Gees and Peter Frampton are watchable in this assault on the senses that is now a camp classic . Lots of laughs and entertainment for bad movie fans , and I wonder why `` Mystery Science Theatre 3000 '' has n't done this turkey proper justice .
 A host of cinematic stinkers came out of the 70s , but `` Sgt Pepper '' stands out as possibly the worst movie musicals of its era . Was Robert Stigwood trying to cash in on the success of the Bee Gees ? Or was he trying to one-up The Who and `` Tommy '' ?? Great music it has ... great acting it most emphatically does not . In a word ... `` ARGH . '' I wondered how Peter Frampton manages to read sheet music since he obviously ca n't read a movie script . Great hair and colorful costumes were n't enough of a distraction from the lousy story and through the whole flick the one big question running through my mind was
 Movie = 5 starsDVD = ZERO stars!This has been one of my favorite movies since it was released . I know it 's silly , but it 's still great . After watching it a few times online I decided it was time to buy a copy for myself . *** The quality of the DVD is HORRIBLE ! *** Even the static pictures are blurry . This is not just because it 's an older movie -LRB- shows perfectly online through a different streaming service -RRB- . Very unfortunate as I would love to have my own copy . I do NOT recommend purchasing this version of the DVD .
 Entertainment industry impresario Robert Stigwood had an incredible winning formula for merging music with film in Saturday Night Fever and Grease . But there was also this movie that delivered a crippling financial blow to his international RSO empire.The 1978 musical starred a pair of Billboard chart monsters - Peter Frampton and the Bee Gees - in a thin story line that ties into the classic album of the same name by the Beatles . The last scene - `` Our Guests at Heartland '' - is the most fun , as it is a fitting tribute to the classic album cover and features an incredible cast that includes Tina Turner , George Harrison , Donovan , Linda McCartney and Heart.But to get to that point means to view director Michael Schultz pouring on the glitz , though nothing can ultimtately save the exploits of Frampton -LRB- Billy Shears -RRB- and the Gibb brothers from the incredibly weak script that centers on keeping the musical magic going in Heartland , U.S.A.
 In their story , `` This Is Where I Came In '' , the Brothers Gibb all commented on their wanting out of the production of this movie . I can see why . It 's probably the worst movie I 've seen . Its only redeeming quality is the music , which is superbly done by Peter Frampton and the Gibbs , hence meriting a one-star review.Save your money . Rent this movie .
 I watched this when if first came out when I was a kid . It seemed good at the time . I did n't realize how short it was , there 's hardly any talking . The only thing I enjoy about this movie is the music .
 I bought this DVD since I have never seen this movie before . I had some great expectations since the choice of artists was truly excellent . However I find this movie rather disappointing even for Bee Gees fans or Beatles fans . The story of the movie is quite confusing and even the segments of different bands are included in not very well chosen way . There is no explicit or persuasive read thread in the movie . There may be some similarities with Magical Mystery Tour movie . After all - I do n't want to be to unjust - the interpretation of Beatles songs of the great majority of the artists is very good .
 keep your finger on the fast forward button folks and fast forward to about the 58 min . mark to watch steve martin in the 5 minutes that he 's in this turd.right after that you 'll see alice cooper , cool.but than you 'll have to fast forward to about an hour and 28 min . to watch aerosmith doing their version of , `` come together '' . than fast forward to the end at about an hour and 45 min . and watch a horrible version of `` sgt.peppers '' by a bunch of people such as tina turner , bonnie raitt , dr.john , and some others , all of who are in the scene in a blink or you 'll miss them.this movie is really as bad as you 've heard.it 's the equivalent to experiencing a bad acid trip.noone talks in the film but george burns ! so if you 're looking for the bee gees , peter frampton or anyone to talk , it ai n't gon na happen folks.the entire movie is in song.what these people were thinking i have no idea.the funniest moment is unintentional of course.they sing `` carry that weight '' while carrying a coffin ! it 's bad folks ! really bad !
 I , too , was only ten years old when this movie was out . Even back then , I could see through the stupid attempts at a plotline . To cite just one example
 Ho , boy . From the opening moments of the film , the garishly childish pastels of the costumes and scenery , and the cheesy high school band sentiments , should be enough of a warning to stop the tape . If you do n't , be prepared to listen to Beatles songs softened to the squishy point of matching the decor . This film 's faithful dependence on the Beatles ' archives being the sole source of the song options brings the seemingly stoned cast staggering through the most ridiculously unfathomable , so-called storyline . The very fact that Stigwood thought he could get a hit out of this bomb makes the reality of 1978 's audience reaction justifiable . Do n't see it unless you are a huge fan of the cast members . -LRB- then again , maybe that 's even more of a reason not to see it -RRB-
 This one one of worst films I have ever seen . The songs are terrible . The acting is laughable . There is even a character called -LRB- get ready -RRB- Strawberry Fields . This piece of cinematiceye candy destroyed the careers of the Bee Gees and Peter Frampton . You wonder what these guys were thinking when they were looking at the script .
 Although the film itself proved to be the swan song for the RSO empire , and a huge blow to the careers of Peter Frampton and the Bee Gees , SPLHCB does offer a really good soundtrack . In addition to the mega-hits `` Come Together '' by Aerosmith , and `` Got To Get You Into My Life '' by Earth Wind & Fire , remember that this soundtrack also features Billy Preston boogie through his own remake of `` Get Back '' , Robin Gibb 's radio hit of `` Oh Darlin ' '' , and Frampton 's poignant `` GoldenSlumbers '' . When it comes to assessing Beatles cover albums of the 70s , this film 's soundtrack blows All This And World War Too completely off the map . As for the film 's premise , acting , and direction , it 's best viewed as a Lennon-McCartney revue , rather than a through-composed screenplay . Only then , in a camp atmosphere , can it be viewed `` seriously '' .
 I do n't see how anyone could enjoy this steaming pile of $ hit . Ignore any reviewer who gave this atrocity over a single star . I guess if I have to give it one star , it 's for Steve Martin , and Aerosmith . The rest is a poorly thought out black-hole of talent -LRB- yes , despite the Bee Gees there are talented artists in this flick -RRB- . The only people I 'd reccomend this too , are people who wanted to get a good laugh out of one of the worst movies ever recorded . I 'm surprised the Bee Gees have n't made another movie , cause there 's nowhere to go but up . Listen to the album , let this movie slip into oblivion where it belongs .
 This movie is nothing more than a travesty ! Robert Stigwood should be taken out and maimed for having the audacity for making this cinematic stuff !! This movie denegrates the Beatles and their musical legacy with lousy acting and fourth-rate musical performances from Frampton and the Bee Gees , save Robin Gibb 's version of `` Oh , Darlin ' '' . However , the performances of Aerosmith and Earth , Wind and Fire are pretty decent and they keep the film and soundtrack from being a complete disaster . Aside from that , SPLHCB has nothing to recommend it . This movie does n't deserve ANY stars and it should be thrown in the compost pile of cinematic duds . SPLHCB is so bad , it makes `` Attack of the Killer Tomatoes '' look like `` The Maltese Falcon . ''
 What a mess ! If you can make it through the whole thing , bless you
 i had an interesting epiphany recently . a couple weeks ago , i reviewed the largely below-par film adapation of Kurt Vonnegut 's book BREAKFAST OF CHAMPIONS ... which i enjoyed just enough about to ultimately recommend , however tentatively . well , it 's been suggested to me that , in light of the fact that i 'm an admirer of Vonnegut and that BREAKFAST is easily my favorite of his books , maybe i went into the matter already determined to forgive whatever misfires i might find myself faced with . i was beginning to think the person in question might 've had a point , but then it turned out i was n't a practicioner of such bias after all . my memory had the raw nerve to dredge back to the surface a film which took someone i was even more obsessed with than Vonnegut , and reduced their work to something that made LAST ACTION HERO look like CASABLANCA.i 've absolutely adored and worshiped The Beatles for as long as i can remember , and with an intensity not unlike the one i 've already mentioned toward Sherlock Holmes . -LRB- the observant reader will note that my Amazon-requested psuedonym is an amalgam of two of the most familiar -LRB- as well as best -RRB- Fab Four titles . -RRB- so i quite like the idea of a theatrical showcase for such characters as Billy Shears , Mr. Kite , and Dr. Maxwell Edison . but quite frankly , this film could n't of been a bigger mess if Ed Wood had directed it.the oddest thing is that , in every area other than the music , the film almost seems to be trying to distance itself from The Beatles . Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band are from AMERICA , for crimony sakes !! they come from a rural , inland farming community that resembles Liverpool about as much as Mars resembles Vienna . to say nothing of the fact that three-fourths of the band being brothers reflects not the `` real deal , '' but the film 's ersatz would-be Beatles , the Bee-Gees !! I mean , honestly . # 1 on the list of things i would 've done differently is the treatment of the music . they use a very narrow selection of material culled cheifly from the SGT. PEPPER and ABBEY ROAD albums . two of their best albums , i agree - ABBEY ROAD is my very favorite Beatles album - but look what they missed . several entire albums - A HARD DAY 'S NIGHT for instance , and THE BEATLES -LSB- aka `` The White Album '' -RSB- - are completely snubbed . `` Hey Jude , '' `` Day Tripper , '' `` Yesterday , '' `` Penny Lane , '' `` While My Guitar Gently Weeps , '' `` Eleanor Rigby , '' `` I Am The Walrus , '' `` Let It Be , '' `` Yellow Submarine , '' `` Revolution , '' `` Something , '' and `` Back In The U.S.S.R. '' are only a few of the indispensible classics they just could n't accomodate . yet incredibly , the single worst song in the entire Beatles catalog , `` Strawberry Fields Forever , '' somehow made the cut.but as it turns out that 's a texbook blessing-in-disguise , because they made another mistake in making the time-frame contemporary , so what songs they do use are , as a rule , heavily disco 'd up . i want to hear the disco version of `` Hey Jude '' only slightly more than i 'd like to undergo a root-canal with no nitrus-oxide . the story -LRB- such as it is -RRB- concerns some abstract , unspecified crisis for Humanity , initiated when the instruments used by the original Sgt. Pepper and his band to end World War I -LRB- do n't ask how because they do n't even try to explain -RRB- are pilfered from his hometown museum . the new Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band , led by The Sarge 's grandson , have to put a -LRB- finally -RRB- thriving career in the business on-hold to recover them . the villain -LRB- s -RRB- are repeatedly identified with the initials F.V.B. , which turns out to mean Future Villain Band . there 's something truly poignant about the fact that Aerosmith , in the role of the malevolent combo , deliver the film 's musical highlight in their rendition of `` Come Together . `` i forced myself to watch the film a couple dozen times or so simply because i liked the sentiment . it was no mean feat , after all , for The Beatles to bring dimension to a sketchy new brand music which was , at the time , little more than this curious , unrefined bastard child of blues and country . they brought style and focus , they made rock & roll rock & roll , to use the cliche ' . -LRB- they pretty much invented music , if you want my opinion . even if you do n't , they still did . -RRB- so they certainly deserve the sort of tribute the concept was intended as . many 's the afternoon and/or night i spent analyzing the premise molecule by molecule , desperate to find some angle that could 've salvaged it . well , as i 've already stated , what broke my heart most is the vast number of truly fabulous Beatles songs they missed . i ca n't say that including those ditties would 've made the story any stronger or the futile attempts at acting any less laughable.although it has to be said , it 's an interesting irony that there 've been quite a few similar projects in recent years which did the same for lesser luminaries - MAMA MIA ! for Abba , AMERICAN IDIOT for Green Day - which are actually considered pieces of quality theatre as well as hits . why could n't the single greatest act in music history pull that off ? ca n't you ask me something easier to answer , like why the sky is blue ?
 It has some `` it 's so bad it 's good '' appeal , if you go for that kind of thing . I do not .
 I did see this film in the theater when it came out . I loved the Beatles and could n't believe that the -LRB- then -RRB- disco BeeGees would mess with their songs . Seeing it in an auditorium with a gaggle of screaming teenage girls was hardly seeing it at its best . Watching the film many years afterwards on VHS is not a much better experience.The oddity of the film is amazing . No , there is n't any acting , but seeing Donald Pleasance with a toupee or `` Cousin Kevin '' smirk his way through an hour and a half is interesting , not pleasant . The best part of the movie is at the very end when the `` cast '' do the Sgt Pepper reprise . Who knew that the `` cast '' included Johnny Winter , John Mayall , Tina Turner or Wolfman Jack ? No one from watching the film.The songs are doing in a way completely different than the Beatles did -- think a slight disco inflection and then , of course , whatever Frampton was doing at the time -LRB- this must have been during the `` I 'm in You '' period -RRB- . It is truly bad.It is a curiosity , so if you 're inclined , by all means see it . If you harbor admiration and respect for the Beatles , pass it by .
 What were they thinking ? I mean , it all sounds plausible . A musical to celebrate the sounds of The Beatles , and having currently recognized pop stars to perform the songs . But the end result ? We get alot of horrible sounding off-key performances of good songs by familiar stars . No , we ca n't expect them to sound as wonderful as The Beatles themselves , but we would expect them to sound as good as they do with their own songs . This was excruciating to watch and listen to . Even the worst of `` American Idol '' hopefuls sounded better than these better known artists did back then . I think , Aerosmith , Earth Wind and Fire , and maybe Alice Cooper did the most tolerable songs in this movie even though the visual concept was still campy and weird and uncomfortable to watch.The worst of the worst of this film was the concept of Mr. Mustard -LRB- with his terrible singing -RRB- and the stupid concept of the two female robots that ride with him in his command center bus-like vehicle . And these female robots sang some songs too . God , it is horrible . And their computer with it 's horrid electro-static noise and cheesy campy screen messages was so poorly conceived . If this film did n't have the robots , I might give this film an actual tangibly deserved , one star rating -LRB- as it stands , I ca n't post a rating less than one star , and believe me , I would -RRB- . I thought `` Across the Universe '' was silly too , but not as bad as `` Sgt. Pepper '' . Who knows , maybe in another 10 years , we 'll be bashing `` Across the Universe '' too .
 Now see here . I appreciate sarcasm and I respect other peoples opinions , I freely admit to liking crappy films other people hate , but no one , under any circumstances for any reason should ever recommend this film , not to anyone for any reason , this is so bad it 's bad . Rarely does a film deserve it 's good or bad hype but this does . yes it is as bad as everyone says . There is not plot so I ca n't give it away , what was done here , is that every band from every stripe , Hard Rock -LRB- Aerosmith/Alice Cooper -RRB- R and B -LRB- Earth Wind and Fire -RRB- Old People -LRB- George Burns -RRB- and the biggest selling groups of the day -LRB- by the time the film came out Frampton 's sales were sucking canal water -RRB- The Bee Gees and Peter Frampton were shanghaied into putting together the single greatest musical stink bomb ever . I record I hope will stand for all eternity , words fail me as I remember the way the Bee Gees win a fist fight with Aerosmith , they punch out Alice Cooper too -LRB- Alice was in rehab at the time so he is forgiven , I think Aerosmith were into the heroin , if not they should have been -RRB- the story was a meandering mishmash of songs done badly for no reason other then the band singing them was getting paid , oh the years that were spent on this monstrosity , the lives it touched , oh God will you ever forgive us , probably not . In one of the many , many mind boggling scenes of indescribable musical mayhem , Frampton is reduced to singing to a dead girl `` Carry that weight '' Frampton is a guitarist , not a singer , sure he sang but that was not his forte . Some of the best pop music ever written sung by genuinely talented people who surely must have known better each number was worse then the last , until it became a battle over what was worse , the horrible contrived `` story '' or the unfathomable renditions of Beatles songs . This film and the subsequent soundtrack will stick in the national conciseness like a splintered chicken bone in a dogs throught . I am compelled to address the individuals who have taken in upon themselves to defend and recommend this for reasons other then sarcasm or sick humor , shame on you .
 I 'll challenge anyone who may think they are a bigger fan of the Beatles than myself , however , this is the absolute WORST movie I had ever had the displeasure of viewing in my life . I simply can not understand how the Beatles could have given the rights to their music to an outfit who could make such a disaster . This is actually painful to watch ; you 'd get more enjoyment out of watching paint dry . Do n't waste your money .
 I did n't like Helen Hunt being cast in this part . She is a good actress but I did n't feel she looked the part of the character . I would rather have seen someone more attractive - Helen is too bony and plain .
 This would have been a good movie were it not for Hunt and Johanssen . They were so badly miscast that they distracted from every scene . . Hunt looked like she wanted to be somewhere else , and she just did n't have the right voice , the right inflections , the right anything . Johanssen looked like a teeny-bopper wearing her mother 's clothes . . she appeared so juvenile , so immature in this role that she was an embarrassment to watch . This is one move that I would enjoy seeing if they could find the appropriate actresses for the two major roles ... would it be asking too much to see British actesses in these parts or at least American actresses mature enough to give Oscar Wilde his due ? A terrible couple of hours .
 My cousin recommended this movie as being wonderful , so based upon that plus some of the previous Amazon reviews I got it . Frankly , I found the movie somewhat boring , and was not impressed with the acting either .
 This was too slow for me ... just was n't my type . Th is more of a lady 's movies , one for a very slow day .
 This was a very poorly made and very poorly cast film . Helen Hunt had zero charisma ... she could NOT carry the film , wish I spent my evening watching bowling or something . Though some may claim the Italian setting was worth watching ... this is NOT True . Go bowling , you will thank me later !
 The movie fails to come together with a cohesive tone or theme . The satirical gossip of townsfolk was juxtaposed with Scarlett Johansson 's try-to-be-true drama . Marriage is scoffed at one minute , then sanctified the next . Some of the plot tweaks and added scenes from the novel also make less than perfect sense , when taken in context of the plot twist .
 I do n't generally write movie reviews , but this one was so bad I could n't help myself . The characters seemed one-dimensional , and none of them were believable . Dialogue was lacking and artificial . All the principal actors -LRB- especially Helen Hunt -RRB- -- who were such great artists in other movies -- really flopped in this one . Maybe they had a hard time believing the horrible dialogue coming out of their mouths . The only redeeming quality of this moving is its setting in the Amalfi Coast .
 Was n't quite the feel I was anticipating in the beginning . It 's been just a couple of days since I saw it and I ca n't remember much of it . I 'm sure that gives you a sense of how great it was .
 Just to pass the time - Nothing exceptionnal . The story is great but the film could have been better with more emotions
 This could have been a wonderful movie to watch over and over again . I loved the setting , the costumes , the atmosphere , and the script was fine as a stand alone as long as one did n't try to make an Oscar Wilde piece out of it . I watched it twice to enjoy the scenery and costumes , but it was painful watching Helen Hunt and Scarlett Johansson since they are so very badly miscast . Helen Hunt looked lovely , but had no depth , no charm , no seductiveness and it was difficult imagining her being sought after , especially by the brilliant Tom Wilkinson . Scarlette Johansson was mistaking looking vacuous with looking naive and was also too voluptious to play a young socialite of the period . I had to try to imagine Michelle Pfeiffer as Mrs. Erlynne and perhaps Kate Bosworth as Mrs. Windemere and could then appreciate everything else that went into the making of this movie . What astounds me is why no one noticed during filming that the two actresses were so wrong for the parts ? Tom Wilkinson saved the day and the movie , but , though he made a good effort to charm Mrs. Erlynne , I could see no spark between them certainly not from her side . What a waste of what could have been a lovely movie .
 I am a big movie fan and especially period pieces but this was a sorry movie ! Helen Hunt delivered her lines with less emotion than a waitress behind the counter of Denny 's . Her voice tones are great for sarcasm but for meaning and depth lines it stinks.Johansson was as pale as a ghost . Sure she was a very young innocent but she needed some rouge . I also thought she looked downright ugly and dowdy in this movie . Altho the costumes were beautiful she was an ugly ducklying standout.The whole movie lacked the delicate touch and nuance a Wilde story should have . Helen Hunt was the biggest standout as missed casting . She may do in cutting edge stories in 2000 but not in this period piece.The scenery and costumes were about the only redeeming factor in this movie .
 This could have been a wonderful period piece , which could have happened with better cast and dialogue . Came off trite and stilted - definitely not worth the hour and a half or so to watch . Bummer .
 Okay , let 's just ignore the fact that this is a brilliant play by Oscar Wilde that these producers mistakenly thought they had the intelligence and talent to alter -LRB- yes , they did ! yes , it is outrageous ! can you believe - yes ! exactly ! i know what you mean ! -RRB- and start right in with the fact that this film exposes the limits of both Scarlett 's and Helen 's acting ability to a great and lamentable degree . -LRB- In what universe , I ask , would anyone believe that a Mrs. Erlynne could in any way resemble or behave like Helen Hunt ? -RRB- The rest of the cast are wonderful but ca n't save this drowning ship , which pairs Wilde 's brilliant sayings with only average story-telling ability . The soundtrack of kitschy versions of swing was so forgettable I do n't believe I even saw recognition in the credits for it . And the moment I heard said kitschy swing music turn to what I believe to be Puccini 's Madame Butterfly , I was through . With all of the great period movies out there , there is no point on wasting one 's time with this one .
 Viturally every other sentence is borrowed/stolen from Wilde 's other works . `` The Portrait of Dorian Gray '' seems to be a favorite of this film 's writer . Uninspired , to say the least !
 This movie has a predictable , formulaic plot , is terribly acted -LRB- especially by Hunt and Johannson -RRB- , and has little to no character development . The movie would have been a little more engaging if the audience knew much earlier that the husband was not having an affair ; the audience could have empathized more with the husband 's struggle to protect his wife instead of writing him off as an adulterer , and the misunderstanding between husband and wife would have had a bit more suspense . A very big disappointment .
 A Portrait of Dorian Grey is one of my favorite works , and I had no idea originally that this movie were a work of Oscar 's , but ... I have to say this story is not only unbelievable but also morally repugnant . I found the acting to be fine
 The movie is about a man who `` betrays '' his wife by having an affair with another woman . Sadly , this is what has become very common today.A movie about adultry ; no thanks .
 Scarlett Johansson `` actress '' -LRB- as much as Vanessa Johansson -RRB- actually is a clone from original person Scarlett Galabekian last name , who has nothing with acting career , surname Galabekian , because of adoption happened in 1992 . Clones was created illegally by using stolen biological material . Original person is very nice -LRB- not d ** n sexy -RRB- , most important - CHRISTIAN young lady ! I 'll tell you more , those clones -LRB- it 's not only one -RRB- made in GERMANY - world leader manufacturer of humans clones , it is in Ludwigshafen am Rhein , Rhineland-Palatinate , Mr. Helmut Kohl home town
 These ladies need a job or need to focus more on actually raising and nurturing their children . One wife states that she does n't have time to run around town looking for the things her husband wants her to mail him in prison . She said she is too busy and hardly has time to make herself look good for the day . Really ? So you have time to work out and party on the money that your husband made -LRB- or stole -RRB- but you do n't have time for him ? Wow . I thought this was going to be a documentary about how hard their lives are being alone . Nope . It 's about how hard their lives are now that their husbands are n't able to steal their millions so they can live the high life . Boo hoo .
 I would not recommend this series to anyone including the mob , Having mob affiliation is no reason for the vulgar mouth and trying to dress in clothes several sizes smaller or clothes that are lacking in fabric.These women behave as if they were reared in cages . This whole reality TV is exploiting people with mental health issues and this is going to far here , The people in these videos need some serious help starting first and foremost with Karen Garvano . The story she is trying to make money with is NOT her story . She does not have a story . Her life is no different than any other low life small time drug dealer . Who really cares ? Why has CPS services not intervened here . ? A father who is in prison most of the time and a so called mother working any angle she can on the streets?The co writer of her book has blown her credibility in her poor judgment to get involved with this woman . I will never read anything now that Lisa Pulitzer has written or co written . The book is so poorly written , I am surprised people have not sued to get their money back . Horribly written and just plain disturbing that Karen G. Actually believes or believed anyone would look up to her . I bought this a a gift for someone not knowing anything about it . I wished I had read the reviews first . Anyone that likes this type of exploitation has some serious mental health issues needing attention . Spend your money wisely . Get a Psychiatrist . You might even get more for your money ... or at the very least , you can sit quietly and stare at the Dr. Like Tony Soprano did .
 I think this was a rude and crude series that gives a negative image of Italian Americans -LRB- and I am not Italian -RRB- . The woman were acting very ghetto ; and not well breed . You may come from a gangster family but that does not mean you have to act like trash .
 This might be the worst reality TV I 've ever seen ! I do n't know exactly what I expected , but so much of the dialogue -LRB- if you can call it that -RRB- was dubbed , it was pitiful .
 I LOVE this show , and was so excited to get this for Christmas . Small disappointments , as others have mentioned , is it is not totally unsensored . Also , my favorite song , Big Big Bang , is NOT the theme on these.Now the MAJOR issue ... My husband and I watched ONCE after receiving -LRB- handled only by him -RRB- , and when I brought them out last night to watch again , was horrified to find they now skip and drag . The DVD player made a loud whining noise throughout the entire disk -LRB- s -RRB- . The sound does fluctuate , but it is slight . Keep in mind , my kids have a few movies of their own , that are incredibly scratched , yet still manage to play fine with absolutely no issues . There should not be any problems with brand new DVD 's . I told my husband , who flipped the disk over to take a look , and discovered a lot of little fine scratch lines . The underside is also a blue color , which none of my other -LRB- over 300 DVD 's , including boxed sets -RRB- have . He then proclaimed they are made on cheap quality disks . I 'm no electronics expert , but I can see no other reason for these issues , other than the hubby 's answer.I just filed for an exchange , so I am HOPING this is a fluke ... but I just read another posters review on the their disc quality issues , so I am sadly skeptical.I give the show itself 5 stars , but this set , until I get decently made items , 1 star .
 I love the show MobWives but was very disappointed after spending $ 41.00 on this disc set . I question the disc quality despite being sealed . Are these discs knock-offs ?? The first 2 discs were scratched upon opening -- lost about 10 minutes of video on each disc due to skipping from the scratches !! Terrible quality !! And why does the volume on the discs go up and down ? I have never purchased such poorly made DVDs !! Amazon should be responsible but lo and behold -- when we log in they have no record of the purchase . Shame on VH1 for selling such crappily made discs through a questionable site like Amazon ! So disappointed ! It 's enough to turn me off of the series altogether.Shame on VH1 and Amazon !!! Do not purchase !!!!!!
 Ordered twice and both copies the audio and video did n't sync . It was worse than an old Japanese Godzilla movie .
 One episode is enough , it 's time to see if they are the real deal and have them wacked and put out of our misery . Start with the Freddie Mercury lookalike . I think we found a good island to store our nuclear waste.Next .
 I love rowing and watching movies which involve rowing . This movie which is specifically about rowing falls short to capture my attention .
 I was excited to find this movie at my local video store this weekend - to be honest , I had never heard of the film before seeing it on the shelf . I almost wish I had left it there , though.I rowed for my college while studying at Oxford more than 10 years ago -LRB- `` We love you Worcester , oh yes we do ... '' -RRB- , so I understand the sentiment behind the Boat Race , the importance of rowing in Oxford , the feeling of many Oxford students towards Americans and the lingo of rowing in Oxford -LRB- different from `` crew '' in the US -RRB- . Accordingly , I was all set to be excited by this film.Unfortunately , the acting was as wooden as the blades they used in the race , the story was thin , and by 2/3 of the way through the movie , I resorted to fast-forwarding to the rowing scenes.I would suggest this movie for those people who spent time at Oxford and want to see scenes of early morning outings , Crew Dinners and other little vignettes that will remind them of their stint.Otherwise , I 'd take a pass . Oxford Blues is more entertaining .
 Ok , the cover looks like a clone of Miracle with Kurt Russell and that is about the best thing this movie has going for it . West looks really young so this is probably a made for tv British film that has been repackage to ride the curtail of West recent critical acclaim on HBO 's The Wire and on the success of Disney 's Miracle . I did n't finish the movie because I honestly did n't care who won the boat race . Unlike Miracle which keeps you watching despite Russell 's wardrobe and great looking toupee , this movie never draws you in and you just wish the boat would sink and drown the entire cast .
 The only good thing about this movie was my wife going into labor 2 hours later . We must have fast forwarded 1/2 the movie , and it still leaves a bad taste in my mouth . My wife enjoyed labor more than I enjoyed enduring the movie . Be careful if it 's not close to your due date ...
 Ny Yku No Koppu -LRB- New York Cop -RRB- 3/10
 This movie is slow , the film quality is wretched and the acting is horrible . Please for your own sake keep away from this film !!!!!
 `` Do not disturb '' is completely unfunny , uninteresting and unitellingent . It is extremely predictable , the jokes are old , used up and just not funny . I give this show 6 episodes , just because the `` star power '' -LRB- the litle it has -RRB- may actually make it last that long . There is not much to say about this show . 1 . It is just not worth it . 2 . The actual plot is not clear 3 . Who cares?UPDATE
 This could possibly be the worst thing I 've ever seen ... And I 've sat through The View at least twice . Do not watch unless you care about your IQ dropping by the minute . As a comedy , it 's almost as funny as cholera ... not so funny . Your time would be spent better elsewhere ... doing anything .
 I get that the movie is parodying the whole yakuza/police drama but often the acting is stiff and the humor is just plain not funny . Maybe it just did not age well . The whole idea of broadcasting live a prisoner 's release where gangs of yakuza await outside the police headquarters is classic but it is just so over the top . Also , the fact they have yakuza with swords is funny in that whole yakuza thinking they are modern-day samurai -LRB- and there are real incidents where swords have been used by the yakuza -RRB- but it 's , to paraphrase Sean Connery in The Untouchables , like literally bringing a knife to a gunfight.The soundtrack is this crazy jazz that is so catchy . Then there are these ridiculous song numbers at some sort of burlesque club that just do not fit.Making the leader of the one yakuza actually impotent is a brilliant ploy by the scriptwriter but they do virtually nothing with that.It is a B movie through and through and has its moments but overall it just does n't date well . Plus the DVD release has zero on the movie itself -LRB- could they not have had some interview clips from the era or anything beyond stills from the flick ? -RRB- and only has two trailers for other yakuza films .
 I thought I was gaining a yakuza screen gem . Alas , It was a turd . An enjoyable turd , as far as turds go ... I was psyched when the film starts with a gun battle . My eyebrow raised in suspicion when I noticed neither blood nor squibs from the 10 victims . I said to myself , `` It 's the late 60 's , they were a tad squeamish on the blood ... it 'll still be violent . '' Boy , was I wrong.Although visually stylish , it was pretty cheesey and mundane . An annoying jazz-pop score bounced around as our star grimaced across the screen , looking more like a man with the runs than a man on . Tajima is a freelance PI who wants in on the shady underdealings of the underworld . Thus , he convinces the police to let him go undercover and work his way into this new mysterious gang . He manages to find his way into their cool garage , complete with hatches and descending secret staircases ... and that 's it . The rest of the film , the yakuza are suspicious to the point of overkill . Any self-respecting mobster would have dumped his body long ago if they were that unsure of their new recruit 's credibility . Throw in more faces of Tajima 's incontinence and a mob moll who 's a virgin because her sugar daddy is impotent , a really cool machine gun that 's really only used to shoot through concrete -LRB- as opposed to mobsters -RRB- , 2 incompetent sidekicks , and you get this.I gave this 2 stars out of mercy . I was expecting better fare , more along the lines of Kinji Fukasaku and Bunta Sugawara ... but no . I guess if you like that `` Tokyo Drifter '' garbage , you 'll like this . Do n't be fooled and do n't say I ai n't warned you ...
 Americans are so full of themselves ! It 's always all about them , and never about the people whose lives they destroy.Three million Viet Namese died during the US occupation and aggression in Viet Nam . The illegal US bombing of Cambodia killed another 500,000 people , and an additional three million people died at the hands of the Khmer Rouge , who were supplied and supported by the US government.Yet all the Ameicans ever talk about or care about are the 57,000 US troops that died in Viet Nam . The US troops were the aggressors in Viet Nam , and they were carrying out genocide against the Viet Namese people . I never felt any sympathy for the US troops at all , and I do not respect those who do .
 I love all of the Supremes and their body of work , so I took a chance and downloaded , my first time video download , this collection from Amazon.What an insult to the Supremes and those of us who love their music and visual style . I ca n't stress enough that this product is so far below a single star rating , the contents of your average big city , back alley , dumpster would get more stars from me.All videos have been seen before , no complaints about that , I figured this might be the case since there was no track listing , but what the heck , you never know where you 'll find rarities . My fault , my bad , but I still think Amazon should not allow the sale of any musical collection without a track listing.The miserable quality of this collection could n't be worse , unless someone deliberately set out to sabotage this product or the artists . The fake widescreen aspect ratio would be laughable if it was n't for the fact that The Supremes , one of the GREATEST American musical acts ever , are stupidly distorted and blurred!What a wasted ten bucks ! I 've deleted this download after a single viewing , and uninstalled Amazon 's Unibox Video viewer . Note that the UniBox viewer is the only video application you can use to view their downloads , even if you purchase one.I feel so ripped off that this is my last download from Amazon . I know I wo n't get a refund , they make you electronically sign an agreement basically saying too bad , so sad , you bought it.Fans are Strongly Cautioned ; stick to the The Supremes
 never received it . they said it was a download , after I purchased it damn@@! . i only buy dvds not downloads . I feel I got cheated . should of gotten either a refund or the dvd in the mail .
 Only watched about 5 minutes , but had to stop because of the extremely poor production values and the lack of any coherent instruction . Too bad .
 I hated it ... thought it was a pthetic excuse for a movie it ha no content at all and really was n't there at all there was n't anything at all to the movie it was just a bunch of guys getting stoned the whole way through .
 This movie was fundamentally flawed . It shall undoubtedly spread the urban myth of the death cult which is incorrectly called `` satanism '' by those who know nothing about it . Satanism is a religion which worships life and the bloody practices of the punks in the movie are not accurate . A very bad movie .
 One star for the acting , because that 's all this movie 's got . Anyone who finds this movie to be fun or entertaining should go get their head checked . Half the moronic stunts pulled off in this movie , in all probability , would n't happen . No heart can be so cold that you would humiliate and kill a friend without feeling any remorse . Shane is the perona of stupidity , and to say that he 's cool or any other such nonsense , is rediculous ! I 'm sorry , Kyle , but if I had a girlfriend that looked like that , I 'd ditch the Black Circle Boys in a heartbeat ! The fact that he 'd hang out with them instead of his girlfriend is improbable in itself ! Especially after having sex pool-side ! Come on , people ! Realistic ? No . Made to be realistic with good acting ? Yes . Overall , this movie twists many things to fit the poor plot . For example , Satanism is nowhere near as stupid as it 's shown to be . There 's actually a belief system involved -LRB- no matter how stupid it may be -RRB- and they do n't sacrifice or mutilate themselves anymore , from what I 've read . Also , it was n't the deaths of family members that messed these two idiots up , it was the lack of communication and love within the family during the grieving process . To be blunt and to the point
 Eric Maibus and Scott Bairstow have become fine young actors , and even their adequate performances can not save this dismal , pointless , lurid and sadistic movie . Dee Wallace Stone should be ashamed for participating . Maibus plays the hypnotic leader of a teenage devil cult , with no conscience , morals , or regard for anyone but himself ; Bairstow plays the usual `` misunderstood '' teen who looks to the group for acceptance . The script is laden with offensive four letter words in every other sentence ; enough is enough . If this is the way teens talk , then steer me clear , folks . There is no heart or soul in this movie , and no reason to rent or buy . NO STARS . C'MON AMAZON , WHEN YOU GON NA GIVE US THE 0 STARS OPTIONS ???
 I can see 13 year-olds liking it , but more mature audience will find it totally laughable and rediculous . I ca n't believe I even sat through the whole thing . The main characters are absolutely pitiful suburban highschool teens , lacking imagination for anything but mindless vandalism and drugs . There 's hardly a scene in the movie in which they are n't either doing drugs or being stoned . Another thing
 I really can not believe the reviews of this movie as it being a well acted , true-to-life film . This is truly among the most absurd movies I 've ever seen . I actually do enjoy watching it because it is ridiculously funny , from the misdirected and sourceless angst of the main character to the fact that his cronies would continue hanging out with such an idiot . I 've only seen this one on late night tv , but I must say it is far from a quality film . It is an unbelievable farce . If you go in expecting a serious glimpse into angsty teen goth life then you 'll just get annoyed . However , if you expect to be humored by a silly movie then you 'll probably like it . It 's funny for all of the wrong reasons .
 I think the filmmakers could have shortened this film and put in something to actually scare somebody . It is in the horror genre and should n't be ...
 Black Circle Boys is n't haunting ; it is n't unsettling ; and it is n't dark enough . Those are the big problems with this unorginal drama about a new kid who becomes a member of a male cult called the Black Circle Boys . Eric Mabius of Welcome to the Dollhouse and Tara Subkoff of The Last Days of Disco stand out as the psycho leader of the BCB and the hippy chick , respectively . It tries to be original by using males as the occultists , but it just feels like a guys The Craft or Foxfire !
 there is no actualy snowboarding or skiing , its a boring chick flick with a ranting sissy main character
 The characters are so dull . The acting is mediocre and the theme is so predictable that I would prefer to watch HOmer Simpson .
 I am not kidding . This matt kid spends the entire timesaying all the philosophy stuff that does n't apply.the hot chick is actaully not as hot as the side kick.the jokes were lame and I thought they filmed it on the first shot everytime . it was very predictable and maybe worth watchingjust because it is terrible .
 I 'm sure it was a funny movie . Luckily I did n't have to pay for it because I did n't even finish the movie . I 'm thinking the screenwriter has some bone to pick with Buffalo , NY . That 's the crux of the movie , the main character , in order to start paying off his student loans after college , has to take a menial job at his uncle 's business in the northern most , snow filled city of America , Buffalo , NY . Nearly in Canada as the main character 's ex girlfriend put it succintly . Meanwhile , it 's December 30th , 2011 , right now and we 've barely gotten an inch of snow here . Which sucks because my nephews wanted to go sledding.Anyways , I did n't really appreciate the cheap shots at my city . It would have been funny one or two times .
 From the box cover & the rating , this movie would appear to be a party movie that takes place @ a Colorado ski resort . Well , it does take place in Colorado , but that 's where the veracity of the box cover ends . Despite an `` R '' rating for sexuality , this was a `` PG '' film at best . While there are some hot babes in the film , there is absolutely no nudity in it - zilch . If , like me , you 're enticed to buy this DVD based on the provacative girl on the cover , I would urge you to look elsewhere.As for the story itself , well ... I just found it boring . It 's not really a comedy as the only funny scene is at the beginning when the Duke grad finds out there are n't any Wall Street jobs available for him . Meanwhile , he owes Duke university $ 250,000 for tuition . Bummer ! At that point I thought the film was going to be what I thought it was , but the rest of it was basically just a lame soap opera .
 Although `` deleted scenes '' are promised on the back cover of the box , there are no deleted scenes on the DVD . Instead there 's a perfunctory `` documentary '' which interviews the cast and other creators , who recite a common litany of how much fun it was to make the film . In this short segment there are a very few informal shots of the players that are n't in the film , but there are no deleted scenes in the normal usage of the term . Rather disappointing since the cast in audio commentary talks about seemingly dozens of neat scenes that `` hopefully will be in the DVD deleted scenes section . `` Also , although the box promises `` 2.35 wide screen , '' the film is pan-and-scan and only slightly letterboxed at about a 1.85 to 1 ratio . Some of the scenes are annoying because of the missing portion of the image.Also , it 's not a gross teen comedy as the box copy suggests , more of a puppy-love romance with the `` four buddies '' comedy stuff as a sidebar . Which makes it potentially better , I guess , but it suffers from a lack of talent , especially in Ventimiglia 's acting and in the writing . Very anemic ; not much here . In the key scenes the players just hem and haw , since they 're not given much to say . Kevin Kirkpatrick , in a small part , is way beyond the rest of the cast in acting sophistication . He draws a very perceptive portrait ; extremely funny , but not a typical caricature , the most real character in the movie .
 This looks like you will b getting the newer version from 2003 but you really get the 1950 's version of this movie
 I bought this because I am a Kevin Gage fan . He is in this movie for about 30 seconds . The concept is fair but the way this is scripted is bad . It 's like a joke about how wrong a commune can go from it 's origional intent . Weaving in Vermont , getting high , peace and free love man .
 I saw this film about two years ago at a test screening in Hollywood . It was shown in a quaint little screening room at Raleigh Studios to an audience of about 30 people . I had no idea what the movie was about but I enjoy free screenings . 90-some-odd minutes later I 'm surprised I did n't gouge my eyes out in protest to this horrible , god-awful excuse of a movie . It had no plot , flat , urelatable characters and gratuitous nudity and violence that was unsettling -LRB- a kid lights a cow on fire for no reason ! -RRB- . And I like violence and nudity in films ! I 'm particularly fond of the horror genre but its place in this movie was unfounded . Everyone in the movie is drugged out and sleeping with each other . There 's no real conflict , no redeeming characters . For the life of me I ca n't believe someone invested money in this film and I 'm even more astonished it got a DVD release.My advice is stay far away from this `` film '' at all costs . I only wish I could get those 90 minutes of my life back .
 Sorry to say it , but in my opinion , this movie is very substandard . I wonder that so many indicate they like this film . To me , all the actors seem to be ` acting ' like they are acting -- I felt like I was watching an amateur play . The costumes are very distracting because they are so cheesy looking.Due to bad acting , amateurish camera work , strange music , and shabby costumes , I did n't enjoy one moment of it .
 This version of Ivanhoe is flat and boring . The love between Rowena and Ivanhoe is barely mentioned , in fact Anthony Andrews flat character rarely shows up in the film.The movie has been politicized ... apparently the writers were more concerned with using the characters of Isaac and Rebecca to portray jews as superior and Christians asinferior and barbaric -LRB- this theme appears many times throughout the movie -RRB- than making a good film.The Robert Taylor version of this movie is MUCH better if what you want is a good swashbuckling yarn true to Sir Walter Scott 's original Ivanhoe .
 Hard to know why this got so many good ratings , it is really awful . The only good thing are the jousts , which are fun . Everyone else overacts , and the whole thing is totally implausible . Antony Andrews is a cold fish , and Lysette Anthony is absurd , a painted doll with bad hair . Of course the main fault is with Sir Walter Scott , the whole plot is such a crazy quilt . James Mason and Olivia Hussey -LRB- So that 's what happened to her -RRB- with ridiculous accents.It is hard to say this , but the Robert Taylor version is better . Of course Elizabeth Taylor was the most beautiful Jewess in history.Somebody , someday may point out to someone that synthetic colours were invented in the 19th century .
 I read the novel Ivanhoe several times as an adult and i horoughly enjoy each time i pick it up to read it . so , I bought this film from a video store thiking it would be faithful to the book . But , the first part of the book is missing . for example , in the novel , there is a tense dinner scene in which Sir Brian and a monk of the catholic church mak their way to the house of cedric . It is here that we find out that ivanhoe is back from the crusades , but is in full desguise and the lady rowena is betrothed to a saxon lord . It is here , too , the sir brisn is attrzcted to rowena . and there are a few other details tha are missing from the novel that should have made it into ther film . But , it is still entertaining .
 I am so SAD about having to say negative things about this film . I 'm a devout disciple of Ivanhoe , and a mesmerized fan of Anthony Andrews , so it feels like treachery to say that I 've never been so disappointed in a film ... What a CAST . But such meaningless drivel for dialog ... True , this version DID include Athelstane , but to what purpose ? He added nothing , he was totally incidental -- well , blast it , WILFRED was incidental ... And , bless her heart , that cute little girl did n't look remotely Saxon ... And lovely Olivia looks more as if she 's distressed and confused by the quality of the production than by deep love for Wilfred or impending immolation ... By the time they tie her to the stake , she looks like she just wants out under any circumstance . I BELIEVED Elizabeth Taylor in the old version -- I WANTED to believe Olivia Hussey , but I could n't . If he 'd had the lines to work with , Sam Neill could have had us rolling on the floor in tears of sympathy at his death ... but I did n't even CARE ... And WHAT was the deal with Robin Hood ? He looked like Cary Elwes in `` Men in Tights . '' So sad . Such a waste . But I 'm ANGRY about their little implication at the end of the film that Ivanhoe really had a hard time choosing between Rebecca and his own beloved Rowena ! Shame on these writers.I 'm going back to poor ol' wooden but handsome Robert Taylor . And weeping as I go . I gave it a star for decent subject matter and I admit I graded extra hard because there was so much there to work with and the result was tasteless mush .
 If anyone who has ever known a person , or is Deaf knows the hardship there is in finding a GOOD captioned movie . I can only begin to express my vexation on this account . I more specificly want to complain that this movie was NOT captioned ! I am so dissappionted as I understand that this is the only Ivanhoe movie that was worthy to bear the name . To discover one afternoon that I was unable to watch it , has made me a very dissappionted fan .
 Save your money . Just take the $ 3.99 you were going to spend to watch this movie and go get lunch . Why anyone would spend any amount of money to mass-produce or pay Amazon to put it on their web site is beyond all comprehension .
 Do n't waste your time , or money . You can always tell how these nihilistic pieces of pretentious celluloid are going to end up within the first fifteen minutes . From the wanna-be artistic dream sequences , to the predictable ending , this film is a disappointment.I suspect , given the film poster , tag lines and teaser ; that a number of you will ignore my heart felt warning and order anyway . Sadly , not even the occasional hot guy can save this thing .
 I just was n't prepared for that much violence and blood . It does n't even have a pleasant ending . I just want to forget I ever watched it .
 This movie was garbage !!!! It was extremely disjointed , unrealistic -- the ending was predictable and overall it was Boring ... I suffered throught the entire thing struggling to stay awake . I 'm angry that I even purchased it .
 If you like movies with happy endings this one is n't for you . On the other hand if you are interested in a movie that has mercy killing , evil run amuck , brutality , etc. with a love story somehow woven into the fabric of the film then you might enjoy this .
 This should be free . The plot the movie itself is NOT special . The content is NOT worth the price . Please consider this as a free movie .
 I have watched this film twice , and it is sad on so many levels . The ending is as obvious as an on-coming train , and just about as troubling . Like another reviewer , I could not determine what the writer and director were going for , relative to genre or even the point they wanted to make . There are way too many dream sequences and flashbacks . Why do so many directors believe that non-linear storytelling is artful ? I have no idea , but this film 's director clearly buys that line of thinking . On the positive side , the acting is first rate and the principle actors are easy on the eyes .
 Poor video , video taped in show . Someone walked passed the screen , do n't wast your money on this one . Wished I had viewed online .
 I was very excited to run across this documentary on Amazon . I spent a good amount of time at the Twelve in the late seventies and early eighties . It was the best nightclub ever . This documentary did the Twelve no justice at all . Just a bunch of interviews with a handful of people , half of whom could not possibly have been old enough to go to the club when it was at its height -- late seventies , very early eighties . I was hoping for pictures of the place , of people dancing and having a great time -- anything to allow me to briefly relive one of the most enjoyable periods of my life -- but all it was was a bunch of lame interviews and still photographs that went by so fast you could n't recognize anyone . And , most startling of all
 Bad , just plain bad , I did not even laugh once . The first flick Waiting was very good , funny & witty even though it had no plot it worked very well with the funny bone . The original actors in Waiting had the chemistry to play off of one another & delivered the laughs . Still Waiting just was plain flat & boring . Even with some of the original cast members that were in Still Waiting , they did not strike any chemistry with its fellow actors . It would have been nice to continue the original cast at Shenaniganz instead of at the Ta Ta 's restaurant . I could think of a million other shenaniganz the original cast could have dipped into instead of this bad attempt of a sequel . Nice try but 2 bloody thumbs down . Schroeder -LRB- Publisher/Owner -RRB- of Cult Movies Magazine WACK `` O '' Publishing & Orbital Traxx Records .
 Anyone who has commented that this movie is even remotely as good as the original movie Waiting is either lying or out of their mind . This movie was completely terrible in every way a movie can be terrible . Also , there are many moments where characters are unbelievably racist but you are supposed to let it slide because the character is `` just kidding '' and ambiguously learns a lesson at the end . There is an inexcusable re-occurring joke that waiters get upset because black people are seated in their section.Besides racism the movie is permeated with completely vulgar moments for the sake of vulgarity without any humor . Lastly , fans of the original Waiting will recognize the writer of both films as a formerly pathetic waiter now turned Ta-Tas -LRB- Hooters -RRB- restaurant manager . His role as a ladies man is about as believable as Billy Crystal in the role of The Terminator . This movie is absolutely nothing but a cash in on the popularity of the original film with nothing new to offer , nothing gained from watching , and I ca n't recommend ignoring this release enough .
 The restaurant has a 20 % off special for old people from 2 to 4pm . The staff gets busy serving the customers . There is a snotty greeter / hostess , Naomi . When the special is over , all the old people file out . Naomi and our hero manager Dennis wave good bye to the cusomters . Naomi says `` Die Die ... . die ... . die , die ... . die ... '' instead of bye . It 's the funniest joke in the movie.Yeah , no , this one should have never really been made . The Waiting was good because of Van Wilder - Ryan Reynolds , Dane Cook , the oh so hot Anna Ferris , and the chemistry between the cast . The nasty things they did to the food , the stupid jokes that were funny , that made that film funny and watchable . Sadly , this version just lacks any chemistry , no stupid good humor.The new actors try to immitate the same characters from the original , and it just does n't work . The whole competition between a Hooters -LRB- TA TA 's -RRB- and a Bennigans is just not terribly interesting or funny . Adam Corolla makes a cameo in an self help video.Oddly , the film is well made . The camera work is good . The sound recording was clear . The shots were in focus . The editing was decent , nice pacing . The film length was just about right . It 's just too bad the acting and script were n't better.The DVD is strange . I 've never seen so many previews in my life . There must be an hour of previews . There are deleted scenes bonus features.Definately rated R , for every reason except there is no violence in this film . Alanna Ubach , the horrible Naomi hostess , probably refused to take off her top for a certain scene . It 's just pitiful when they use a body double and then make it so obvious . Naomi 's top off is the only nudity . Definately not a film for younger viewers.Pass on this one , get the first episode , Waiting . If by some wild chance you happen to survive viewing this film all the way to the end , there is a great easter egg after all the credits have run through . Early in the film , Joshua has a nightmare about having trouble serving people and ending up naked in front of everyone at the restaurant . The nightmare montage at the end of the film is much more pleasant .
 I 'm still waiting for the movie to start . I did n't see the first movie , although this one was bad . Crude sexual humor , fart and feces humor , and it really was n't that funny except for the sour cream Sanchez which I had to explain to my mother . Brief nudity and you never see the girl 's face attached to the Ta 's Ta 's , which means they were a body stand in . Outtakes and bloopers were just as bad as the film .
 Synopsis
 sometimes , sequels are okay , but this one was just awful . If they could 've gotten all the original cast members back ; it probably would 've been okay and/or i would n't have noticed the storyline was terrible.The chef , the pee-shy guy , the hostess , and the ANGRY girl -LRB- naomi -RRB- all appear again . It was almost like they were trying to make everything funny and some parts really did n't need to be . I still like the franchise , but wished i had n't bought this movie ; thinking it would 've been as funny as the first one . . sad ...
 This is the worst movie in the history of the world . Wish I could give it negative stars but I ca n't . Instead of wasting money on this just plunge a hot knife into your eyes , that would be more enjoyable .
 I 'm still waiting for the movie to start . I did n't see the first movie , but this one was bad . Crude sexual humor , fart and feces humor , and it really was n't that funny except for the sour cream Sanchez which I had to explain to my mother.Brief nudity and you never see the girl 's face attached to the Ta 's Ta 's , which means they were a body stand in.Outtakes and bloopers were just as bad as the film .
 This movie has almost none of the magic of the original . The Stifler-esque racist , the butthole cooks , it was just boring . The only two saving graces of the movie were the super-pretty Amber , and Naomi , who 's amped up her craziness from the first movie . Reminds me of a crazy girl I know in the Deep South . Otherwise , it was almost unwatchable . Good thing I rented it instead of buying it !
 this one fell short for a sequal especially with the racist kid on here wth were they thinking , girls girls and unrated with one scene lol ok its rated pg13 so not unrated -- im so sick of unrated stuff just pure bullcrap , watch this if its a last resort but would n't pay more than $ 3 for this one
 I always try to find at least one nice thing to say about a film when I review it . Sadly , there really was n't anything about this film that I found enjoyable . I not sure I even cracked a smile while watching it . Perhaps there is someone out there that can enjoy this film ; I 'm just not sure who they are ... Read the rest of my review here :[ ... -RSB-
 Bad , just plain bad , I did not even laugh once . The first flick Waiting was very good , funny & witty even though it had no plot it worked very well with the funny bone . The original actors in Waiting had the chemistry to play off of one another & delivered the laughs . Still Waiting just was plain flat & boring . Even with some of the original cast members that were in Still Waiting , they did not strike any chemistry with its fellow actors . It would have been nice to continue the original cast at Shenaniganz instead at the Ta Ta 's restaurant . I could think of a million other shenaniganz the original cast could have dipped into instead of this bad attempt of a sequel . Nice try but 2 bloody thumbs down . Schroeder -LRB- Publisher/Owner -RRB- of Cult Movies Magazine WACK `` O '' Publishing & Orbital Traxx Records .
 Being a big fan of the original Waiting , I was very anxious to receive Still Waiting , what a huge disappointment this movie was . I am always weary of direct to dvd movies and this one shows exactly why people should avoid them . The original Waiting had so many laugh out loud moments , Still Waiting has absolutely none ... Both Ryan Reynolds and Anna Faris both stayed clear of this movie and I applaud them for it . Do n't even waste your time on this sad excuse of a movie ...
 I enjoyed the film waiting and I was very interested in seeing this direct to video sequel . I does n't have the twisted charm of the original , but the cast seems to be having a good time . The jokes are gross , the characters are n't as good as the first film , but it is enjoyable for people who like this sort of thing . I have seen this one in the bargain bin , but I do n't think I need to own this , I 've seen it and I may see it one more time in my life , but that 's about it . If you want a lesser version of the first film too watch , maybe you should rent this one ?
 first one was alright ... seemed like they tried to copy the first one too much in this and didnt make me laugh very much ... 2 stars
 I bought the blu-ray unrated version and it would n't play , my Samsung blu-ray home theater system with updated firmware said the disc was not playable . Well I let it sit too long and could n't return it . So , I bought another copy and tried it , and it did n't play either . So I exchanged it for another copy and it did n't play either . Either something is bad wrong with my blu-ray player -LRB- it plays every other blu-ray disc I own -RRB- , or a whole batch of bad blu-ray upconversions were made of this movie and so few people have bought it that they just are n't aware . Stay away from the blu-ray version !!!
 I bought this on the day it was released hoping to see a movie at least as good as the original . When I finished watching it I was so mad . It was awful . I actually gave my copy away to someone else .
 This is a warning to whoever wants to buy this movie . DO N'T ! You are probably making the same mistake I did when I rented this . You probably are a Corey Haim fan and think that he 's the star . Well , he is n't . This movie is just about a couple of geezers that are trying to solve a nursing home scam . Corey Haim just has a little part , I think he 's like old man 's grandson . Even if you do n't like Corey Haim , do yourself a favour and do n't buy this . It 's boring , long , the storyline is stupid and it was made in Canada -LRB- that about says it all -RRB- . I mean I 'm Canadian but lets face it , Canadian-made things suck ! Well that 's about all I can say so , once again , DO N'T BUY THIS MOVIE !
 I like watching independent films -- especially those made on a budget because it 's a real test of the people involved and whether or not they have the ability to produce excellence above what they have been dealt . It 's certainly possible , `` Fat Girls '' comes to mind . This movie I really wanted to like -- the two leads are especially handsome , if a little wooden in their deliver . at least they had some chemistry and you like watching them when they 're onscreen . The father figure was pretty bad -- his line delivery was completely unrealistic and embarrassing . Same way with most of the other cast . The dialogue was unrealistic and inane . I think the director has some good ideas -- he just needs to fully develop them before placing them on celluloid -LRB- or a hard drive -RRB- .
 This is one of those movies that makes one think that one could easily make a decent living churning out god-awful movies for the Here network . After all , you 'd be hard-pressed to come up with something with a plot as ridiculous as this one . Of course the fact that it 's acted with a cast with less acting chops than the GEICO ghecko and directed with the finesse of Ed Wood , Jr. does n't help.Movies like this make me want to file a class-action discrimination suit . Surely we do n't have to put up with movies this bad just because we 're gay ...
 i have bought 3 copies of the film , none of which have i been able to play on my dvd or computer . i have never had this problem with any other movie . i do not hold the sellers of these 3 films responsible , i believe there is some inherent problem in the manufacture of the dvd . has anybody else had this problem ?
 While this VHS format of `` College '' may be considered a `` Hollywood Classics Collector Edition '' by some critics , it is certainly that , and something else ; irritating to watch.The story and the acting aside , the main problem is the substandard transfer from film to video . The result is a poor quality picture with loss of detail , poor focus , and exaggerated and disturbing contrasts of black and white . This is due , no doubt , to the poor decision by someone to transfer the video using the slowest speed possible of EP/SLP . The low cost of this video reflects it 's inferior picture quality . The video may have been of better quality if recorded on the standard speed -LRB- SP -RRB- . The secondary problem is the ridiculous sound track which has been added to the video with absolutely no regard for the story or the action . It is merely `` elevator music '' and would better have been used in a circus . In addition , the style of the music is not of the same era as the story , and therefore does n't match.The movie itself , although not the best of Keaton 's , is entertaining and worth having in your `` Muster , Buster '' video library . Just not this taped version ! The poor quality of this video interfers greatly with the enjoyment of the comedy - at least for this viewer.There has to be a `` College '' out there with a far better image .
 I just recently broke down and ordered two volumes out of this 10 set series of `` Lost Films of laurel and Hardy '' -LRB- Volumes six-this one-and three -RRB- : of Laurel and Hardy and Laurel and Hardy-related silent shorts.When I viewed them , I , nearly broke down.What a disappointment.This series has been on the market for about eight years now.I had already purchased quite a number of just the Laurel and Hardy shorts by themselves on VHS -LRB- VERY pricey ! -RRB- , which explains why I hesitated so long to buy them again on DVD.But I took the plunge , and definitely regretted it after what I saw.It seems it is getting harder and harder these days to trust ANY kind of marketing relating to any DVD releases , particularly when it comes to older films like these , and these releases just reinforce that distrust.To begin with , absolutely NONE of these films have been remastered in any way whatsoever visually , only a scant few have had part or all of their soundtracks remastered.All sources that have been used in the making of these films have been taken from existing master tapes of various origins from which only the producer Michael Agee knows for sure , but some of which we can be fairly certain of as you will see.About the only `` new '' thing about these films and apparently in reality about THE ONLY good selling point is the added soundtracks taken from the original Vitaphone sound discs.But they even had to push this too far by adding the Vitaphones to every other short in this collection that never had them in the first place!The two best that come closest to complete prints and in pretty decent shape are `` That 's My Wife '' and -LRB- with a BIG reservation -RRB- `` Flying Elephants '' . Let 's start the ball rolling with the latter.The print of `` Elephants '' as I say is overall pretty darn good BUT except for an annoying square box in the right bottom area of the film ... from beginning to the end !! I had to rub my eyes , thinking I was seeing things.And it is n't small , it distracts you constantly throughout the watching of the film . Whoever put it there is obviously hiding something , probably a `` banner '' of some kind on the tape this film was produced from.My guess would be Blackhawk films , but your guess is as good as mine . `` Putting Pants on Philip '' is in not too bad of shape but I was disappointed in the film footage gaps that were extant.It 's one of my all time favourite Laurel and Hardy shorts too . `` Crazy like a Fox '' is a Charly Chase short and in poor shape ; not a good print . `` The Soilers '' is a Stan Laurel short and in God-awful shape.This short should run around 23 minutes.This truncated version runs a scant 10 and the print looks like something picked out of a garbage can.Lastly there is `` 45 Minutes from Hollywood '' . If `` The Soilers '' did n't get my goat bad enough this one topped them all.If you did n't believe me when I said these films are taken from existing master tapes THIS is the proof.Less than a minute into the film and continuing throughout the picture are very visible and annoying VIDEO LINES !! Yes that 's right , those lovely little annoyances I just recently took the creators of the newly produced `` McHales Navy '' , Shout Factory , to task on in their release of that series third season.And we ca n't forget also the Hallmark Laurel and Hardy DVDs that also have video lines.As I have said before ; video lines are absolutely unforgivable.It shows a complete lack of respect for :1 -RRB- The product , and2 -RRB- The consumer.Let 's move on and look directly at what is printed on every one of these releases . '' ... their original Vitaphone soundtracks have been restored from vintage 16 '' phonograph recordings made in the 1920s '' . Sounds great , right ? Every silent film buffs dream come true?If you look closely at the notes for the indiviudal releases for each movie they mention the Vitaphone soundtracks included.Some will actually tell you that the Vitaphone disc is specifically from and for that particular movie ; for example , `` Original Vitaphone music and Effects soundtrack '' . Those are the ONLY ones to believe.Any others that say something like '' Vitaphone soundtrack and effects '' or just `` music and effects '' are NOT from or for the movie you are watching ; which appears to be the case with the majority of shorts in this series , whether Laurel and Hardy or not.They found some original discs for some films but the majority are lost and have used an amalgam of what discs they do have to provide accompaniment for the rest of the shorts in this series.It does get stale very quickly listening to the same music over and over and over again . `` These vintage films have been meticulously digitally restored from the original 35mm negatives , dupe negatives or new safety fine grains '' . Another piece of great restoration right?Remember what I said about `` 45 Minutes from Hollywood '' ? That 's right , TAPE LINES !! What this tells us is NONE of this material has been remastered ... none.It has been digitally transferred ; that 's it.What movie has n't in recent years since the advent of digitalization ?? Transferred from ... ?? Master Tapes . `` 45 Minutes . . '' proves that beyond a shadow of doubt.You have to read between the lines here.When they restored from 35 mm negs and dups you have to ask `` When were they restored '' ? My answer would be many , many years ago for most of this material , if not all , by people not even associated with the current producers of this DVD compilation.Want proof ? If the covering up of the logo in `` Flying Elephants '' in this volume is n't enought to convince you , then go to Volume Three of this series.The first film on that DVD is `` Liberty '' . A very good print one must admit.However what does one see in the opening credits ? The good old Hal Roach plaque !! The same plaque used for all TV releases for the 1950s and onwards !! So the impression they give that these are NEWLY restored films is plain bunk , through and through.You can bet these films were transferred to tape years ago , taken from sources sometimes good -LRB- 35 mm negs -RRB- and very bad -LRB- terrible mutli-generational dupes -RRB- and thrown together to get as close as they can to complete prints.Sometimes it works nicely , other times you just want to throw the DVD out the window . `` These films have never been shown on television and most have never been released for home video '' . I think the above example of `` Liberty '' destroys the first point of never having been shown on TV before ; completely.Most if not all HAVE been seen on TV since the 1950s -LRB- the Laurel and Hardys in particluar -RRB- and I personally recall having seen them.Then they say that most have not been released on home video.Technically I suppose the Laurel and Hardy-related films out number the actual Laurel and Hardys so I guess they can claim that `` most '' of the films have n't been on home video -LRB- even that is arguable -RRB- . But if we are speaking of just Laurel and Hardys , Hal Roach themselves released all of them themselves on home video -LRB- VHS -RRB- before putting them onto DVD!I bought them as did many others.The fact that they just did n't bother to change the package blurbs from VHS to DVD is the culprit here.Some of the releases mention that these DVDs could n't have been released without the `` assistance of ... '' , usually film historian and preservationist David Shephard -LRB- who has done tremendous work in his field , especially on Chaplin material -RRB- and , on this Vol .6 release , by Serge Bromberg of Lobster Films in Paris.I have reviewed two DVD releases by Serge and Lobster films , `` Flying Deuces-the Restored Version '' and `` Slapstick Emporium-The Stan Laurel Years , Vol # 1 and both are highly recommended.I mention this because I think both David and Serge held back , kept the good stuff for themselves and gave Michael Agee the leftovers for this release . `` The Soilers '' is a good example.As I said above it is an absolute truncated abomination of a print.Want an excellent , full print ? Get Serges ' Stan Laurel `` Slapstick Emporium '' release where it sits in all its ' full -LRB- 24 minutes -RRB- and crisp , glorious splendor for all to see.In conclusion this DVD of `` Lost Films '' , which were not lost -LRB- ANOTHER misleading statement -RRB- is a complete disappointment and an unmitigated failure on the part of the producer Mr.Agee.The liner notes give us false and misleading statements throughout leading the potential buyers of these products assuming they are getting one thing when they are actually getting something altogether different.Under close scrutiny they just do NOT hold up at all.Let me be clear.As one of the Boys most devoted and biggest fans , there is nothing I 'd rather do more than give them a ten star rating -LRB- if it was possible -RRB- for their great performances in these films ; as they deserve nothing less.It is the visual aspect -LRB- as opposed to the performing aspect -RRB- of these releases that so degrade my appreciation that I can not in good conscience give this release any more than I have.Not only is it an insult , as I have already stated , to the product and the consumer it is the greatest insult to the memories of the greatest screen comedians there have ever been ; Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy.And in their name I will never accept such shoddy workmanship as the producers of this release , and others that have come before would have us do , as any where near `` acceptable '' ... NEVER!The only releases acceptable and worthy of appreciation are the recent MGM and Fox films -LRB- see my reviews for those -RRB- . Avoid these releases altogether.The Laurel and Hardy product in North America AGAIN gets short shrifted.Will it never end ?
 I love Demetria Mckinney because she is the bomb in House Of Payne . This movie is so boring I almost felled to sleep on it . The movie is taken place in a office with Demetria and her husband talking to a counseler about their marriage . The whole time in the movie Demetria is using vulgor language because she is angry with her husband about their marriage problems . The movie has a dumb storyline and should not have been made . I am so sorry I wasted my money on this movie . If you love bootleg , budgeted movies than this is the one to buy . Maybe next time Demetria because this was a total disaster .
 This movie was not good . It was a long , low budget movie . I only watched it till the end because I did n't want to waste my money . Thankfully it was only a rental or I would have put it up for sale . I gave it two stars because I like Demetria . She act just like she acts on House of Payne but with a potty mouth .
 I bought Breaking Up is Hard To Do because of the cheap price ... plus sometimes some D-list movies are GEMS ... It 's not the case with this movie . The plot & acting were less than superb . . I enjoy Demetria McKinney work sometimes in Tyler Perry 's plays & movies . . but this was one script she should have left alone . : -LRB-
 There 's nothing really shocking about this precode , not even for 1930 . It 's basically about a ring of professional `` party girls '' that work for one particular madam and go around entertaining bored businessmen . Doug Fairbanks Jr. is the partying son of the head of a manufacturing concern who crashes one of these parties one night and winds up with two souvenirs he could have done without - a huge hangover and a party girl wife . In the meantime , he 's in love with his father 's secretary who is a former party girl herself . Do n't worry though , the local police are about to bust the party girl ring wide open and everything works out in the end.What is really notable here is the extremely bad acting . I 've seen Doug Fairbanks Jr. in several of his early roles , and even if the films were n't that great , Doug 's acting was OK . Here he really hams it up , along with the rest of the cast . I can only chalk it up to bad directing by Victor Halperin who made a number of unmemorable B pictures in the 30 's , the best being 1932 's `` White Zombie '' . The one strange thing that keeps happening in this film that I 've never seen before is that everyone seems to think it 's OK to drive your car into the service elevator of tall buildings and emerge on the floor of your choice . Fairbanks and his friends do it when they are crashing the party , and the police do the same thing at the end.My verdict would be to pass on this film , even if you 're a precode fan . It 's neither cheesy nor entertaining enough to be worth owning . The video and audio quality are quite good considering the film 's age .
 When I bought this I thought that it was STARRING Fantasia and Faith Evans . I was sooo wrong . Faith only shows up a few times , and Fantasia only twice . At the beginning and at the end . Needless to say , I was very disappointed . The storyline was too confusing because there was just too much going on . Was this about good vs. evil , a good girl gone bad , a gangsta trying to influence the girls at the caberet club , a gay owner ??? Everything was too hodge podged together with no clear meaning . On top of that , the girls who were supposed to be the caberet employees never did anything but catfight and sing half of a little tune . The backdrop could have been a beauty shop or just someone 's backyard because there was no point of why they were at a caberet anyways . Just plain crazy and poorly put together .
 The cover of the video will get your attention . You will see Fantasia and Faith Evans and that alone will provoke you to get this video . . BUT let me warn you Looks can be deceiving . . This was more than a disappointment . I was pissed because I spent $ 2.39 to rent this mess . I would n't spend 25cents on this . Please ma'am or sir do n't waste your time or money . You only see Fantasia and Faith two times maybe . The storyline was all over the place . The kittens were n't kittens they were more like bears . They were dressed poorly and some of the women in this was too big to be dresses like that . I was embrassed . I will give Nicci Gilbert credit she tried but just because you were an actor in a Tyler Perry play does n't mean you are a playwright . I am so glad that I did n't invest my money into this project and the marketing team should be ashamed of themselves . . Totally misleading .
 This play has poor acting . It features Fantasia Barrino -LRB- American Idol winner -RRB- and Faith Evans -LRB- R&B Singer -RRB- . The two top stars only have cameo appearances and sing one song each . The remainder of the movie centers around the Gay club owner whose acting skills are not that great . The whole play was overdone as far as the acting was concerned and could have been done in alot better taste . Basically the whole play just drags on until you finally get to end which is horrible also .
 I recently watched this dvd with a few of my friends and before it was over we all agreed that we did n't like it and it was the biggest disappointment EVER !!! We did watch the video completely in hopes that it would get better , but it never did.I 'm an avid movie-watcher and I try to support African American films as much as I can but this film , this film simply SUCKED!I think that Fantasia and Faith Evans were both doing someone a favor by lending her names & faces to this project however ; they should definitely be more selective in the future because a film like this can ruin their chances for being considered for real films in the future.I guess by now you know that I am not a fan of this film . Poorly written script , weak plot -LRB- if you want to say there was a plot -RRB- , weak acting , and `` Yes '' , weak directing.In a nutshell - `` Do n't waste your time or money . ''
 Honestly the worst thing I have ever seen . Laughable . A horrid waste of time . I could n't stop laughing . The acting is terrible . The plot is atrocious . Everything about this is terrible , terrible , terrible . I tried to rate it 0 stars but ca n't do that . I guess I 'll give it 1 star since I at least had a good time laughing at this train wreck .
 This was a Hot Mess , I do n't know where they were trying to go with this play , but they never got there . It was just so much going on and weird storylines and thee script was n't the best . Leave the playwriting to the professionals . David Talbert , Tyler Perry etc. .
 Such an intriging title , but yet such an awful play . Being a playwright myself , this brings urban theater to shame . I bet after they were done with this they had to hide their faces because I 'm sure friends and family bashed on them . The writer should take some more writing classes or just stick with Brownstone because as a playwright , they are considered a complete novice . Tata was a mess and whoever played Brandy never needs to act again . I asked my husband to turn it off of this mess because it was cruel and unusual punishment for theater lovers like myself .
 This was truly a waste of film and time . You would think because there are at four excellent R&B singers -LRB- Fantasia , Faith Evans , Terrell Carter , Nicci Gilbert -RRB- are in the cast , it should have been at least entertained . This was a waste . There was no concept , plot , moral of the story , nothing . It was just a bunch of watered down drama that did not connect to anything . All the way to the end of the film , I was still trying to see the point ! Whom ever has watched this film already feels like they got played , by being attracted to the cover thinking we was in for a treat , Instead u got a cheesy stage with some bad acting , pointless songs , and a miscellaneous plot . This was one film that should have been shelved . Do NOT play this movie to entertain any guests . They wont be your guests anymore .
 This DVD was a HUGE disappointment . They only used Faith Evans and Fantasia 's names so people would buy it . Fantasia was only seen twice while Faith was seen about 3 times . They sang at the VERY beginning and at the VERY end . The acting was below average for the whole cast , the only memorable actress was the girl who played in Players Club . She was n't good in Players club or in here . The person who wrote/directed/produced it is Nicki Gilbert from the 90 's group Browstone . She has an excellent singing voice ... but you wont hear it here . She should just stick to singing and leave Musicals and play writing to the true writers out there .
 I have seen a few bad plays , but this by far is the worst play I have ever watched . My husband bought it thinking that Fantasia and Faith Evans would be starring in it and like all the other people who posted , we were both disappointed . The acting was terrible -LRB- all of the actors -RRB- , the songs were too long , there were too many lags where nothing was going on . There was no real storyline at all and although my husband gave up on the play 20 minutes before it ended , I unfortunately toughed it out till the end . I should have gone to bed too . Do not waste your money on this one !
 it was boring somebody else told me about its not one i would keep or watch again . i will probably give it to one of my family members
 Waste of money !! Fantasia and Faith had a very small part and I could not even make it through the whole movie
 While this is an ambitious musical stage play some luster is lost in the dvd format mainly because of the tacky stage settings . A bit long with only one memorable song - the `` Cabaret '' title song sung at the end credits !
 In white noise 2 a seemingly happy family , man , wife & child , suddenly experience a tragic turn at the hands of a deranged man . . While at a diner having lunch the wife and child suffer from some sudden convulsive malady . . Just as suddenly a stranger walks up to them and shoots them both . . Instead of also killing the husband the stranger apologises and turns the gun on himself . . So begins the direct-to-video `` sequel `` to `` white noise `` The distraught husband attempts suicide only to be brought back after being clinicly dead , and thereafter becomes able to `` see '' which folks are about to die . . He saves a few , finds out that the fellow who gunned down his wife and child did not die from his own self-inflicted wounds but is alive and in a mental institution ... It is at this point that `` white noise 2 '' goes horribly wrong , introducing bizarre religious symbolism,half-baked bible interpretation , and satanic intervention into the mix , dragging the film into a mire of idiotic proportions ... Sure , I know , it 's only a movie , and one that never played on the big screen to boot , but , really ... If someone has all of the money that was wasted on this film to spare why not use it to feed the hungry or something similiar , rather than using it to make this most absurd film . . The production values were quite good , but production values alone do not a decent feature film make . . No . . What is needed from the get-go is a coherent script , and not something that zig-zags all over the place , making little or no sense whatsoever . . I feel sorry for the actors and actresses . . They did thier best , but in the end , thier best was not good enough ...
 this movie is not even close to the first one , the story line of way off and the idea sucked .
 If you 're reading this , I 'm assuming you 've seen the film . Due to this assumption , spoilers follow , so consider yourself warned.If you have n't seen the film ... consider yourself lucky.White Noise 2 has been called `` a retarded Sixth Sense '' , a charge that offends both the mentally disabled and anyone who even moderately enjoyed the Sixth Sense.While my expectations for any direct-to-DVD movie are understandably low , watching White Noise 2 actually lowered my standards to heretofore unknown depths.From the Scooby Doo scares to the incredibly poor CGI effects , this movie claims its rightful place in bargain bins around the world and as a featured selection during Amazon 's frequent $ 5 DVD sales.Occasionally , bad films can also be fun films . That is not the case here . This film is so earnest in its attempt to be morose that it even renders poor Captain Reynolds unfunny , something I thought impossible . There are few things more off-putting than ludicrous trash that tries to play it straight.After the movie was over , I played a game with myself called , `` Which is More Ridiculous ? '' , in which I evaluated certain aspects of the film in order to come to a conclusion about which , among the many absurd elements contained in the film , was actually the most asinine : Is it the doctor with the goatee and the earring who likes Elvis -LRB- he 's got Elvis memorabilia everywhere ! It 's a character trait , see ? -RRB- and runs a grant-sponsored `` ghost monitoring '' program , complete with requisite multi-monitor uber-hacker station recently borrowed from Kevin Smith 's character from Live Free or Die Hard?Is it that said uber-hacker station resides in the laundry room of your average suburban hospital?Could it be that a man who attempts suicide can just walk out of a hospital , no questions asked ? Or that said hospital has possibly the worst security of all time ? A woman is brutally attacked and nearly abducted in the parking garage , and no one is the wiser . Nathan Fillion acts like a suspicious lunatic in the hallway , nobody says , `` boo '' . Could it be Nathan Fillion 's silly urban hoodie / suit combo that he wears for more than half of the movie?Maybe it 's that the entire plot hinges around one character 's bible-slash-journal which actually contains entries like a picture of the devil with the caption , `` Lucifer ? '' Or maybe that said character -LRB- a convicted murderer -RRB- has been in an asylum for three months , and yet his home computer is still on and the screen immediately shows the last thing he was looking at ? Or that his son is playing Sly Cooper , a PS2-era game on a 52 inch screen ? Does n't that kid know any better ?! Hello , jaggies!Or perhaps how the director loved certain shots so much that he shows them multiple times from different camera angles , to show us how totally rad they are ? How many times do we have to see a piano fall on top of people ? The answer , sir or madam , is three times . How many times must we see a bicycle-riding ghost go right through a car ? Twice , because it 's that cool.Given all of this , it 's clear that this movie should have been called White Noise 2
 Just what I thought . If the first one was terrible , then I should 've known that this one would be as well . No more sequels , please .
 Well acted , but very situation contrived . That took away from the whole concept for me . The plot involves the grand concept of that when people are to die , they should die when they are supposed to . And if you try to change the course of things , there will be a price . So being that said , you know everyone is going to die . Every scene is predictably manipulated for the obvious out come . No surprises.It does have some well crafted scenes . The balcony piano scene is VERY well done ... reminds me ofIn Dreamswhen Annette Benning falls from the bridge.For a rental , it 's cool . Actors are wonderful ... but a weak , contived plot ruins it .
 No matter what you may think of this Linda Sterling adventure serial , consider that :1 . -RRB- ECHO BRIDGE 's reported time of 177 minutes is a full half-hour less than this 12 chapter cliffhanger originally ran .2 . -RRB- The company inserts an intermittent watermark at lower screen right .3 . -RRB- No sign of restoration on any of their antique film dubs , so quality is solely dependent on source material.Caveat emptor .
 Probably the stupidest of the Zorro `` chapters '' . Zorro a woman ? Gim me a break !!!
 ... simply put . . it has no focus , no story , bad acting ... a bad and overly noisey score intended to scare fails miserably.This is really bad and predictable.At the end i bet you 'll go ` what was the point ' ? Not recommended .
 It 's a shame that the writers , or the editors , or the director could n't come up with an ending that tied an otherwise scary film together . To often , it seems , horror pictures do n't leave the watcher understanding what they just saw . This is a classic example , it will leave you wondering what the heck just happened .
 The Producers , Director , cameraman -LRB- I know there was only one -RRB- , everybody associated with this ... this ... whatever this is have got to be kidding me , right ? For that matter all the reviewers who say how `` like totally awesome '' it was have got to be kidding me.Oscar ? Maybe in the next world.I rented this for & 1.50 , and I still feel like I was ripped off.Run , people . Run away .
 I sat through an hour and a half with this movie and I want that moment of my life back . This movie is trying to be too many things - but what it is not is a horror movie . The cast did the best they could with a script that goes no where but it is still crap . Half way through the movie you will be sitting there wondering two things .1 . what the hell is going on2 . Do I care what is going on and when is this going to end.Here 's a helpful hint , watch the first fifteen minutes , then fast forward to finishing twenty minutes and you will have all the information required to know what took place .
 Sigh ... here we go again . ANOTHER supposed thriller that leaves everything to the viewer 's discretion to determine what the heck we just wasted our money on . Gina Phillips stars as a young girl who inherits her grandparents ' summer home , where obviously something spooky happened when Gina was a girl . She has a livein boyfriend , of course and her younger sister shows up , as does a mysterious handyman who plays some part in the mystery . The real mystery is why movies like these continue to get made . No payoff and what has happened by the end is never explained to its audience . Tom Sizemore mimics Rod Steiger in his performance and Randall Batinkoff as the boyfriend is wasted . No shocks . . no thrills . No good !!!
 Notice how ever single positive review was made on either April 5th or April 11th ? And notice how this movie is the only one each of them have ever reviewed on amazon ? Is that not vaguely suspicious ? I guess the only way to sell a crappy movie is by posting fake reviews .
 `` Ring Around the Rosie '' stars Gina Philips -LRB- `` Jeepers Creepers '' -RRB- and Tom Sizemore -LRB- `` Saving Private Ryan '' -RRB- . I was interested in their names , but sadly the film is terribly boring , even though it runs less than 90 minutes.Gina Philips plays Karen , a young business woman who inherits a house in a remote place in the countryside , which might or might not be haunted . Near the house lives a caretaker played by Tom Sizemore , who might or might not be possessed by something evil . The premise is all too familiar , used recently in such films as `` The Amityville Horror , '' and with the right direction the film would be thrilling.But you will soon realize that there in no thrills of any kind , not even a surprise by sudden big sound , in `` Ring Around the Rosie '' which introduces many recycled bits of images seen in other thrillers - from rudimentary tricks like shadows moving behind the door , a weird reflection in the mirror , strange noise in the midnight or unreliable neighbor staring at the protagonist , to the heroine tormented by nightmares and her buried memories of the past.The film has also Karen 's amiable boyfriend -LRB- Randall Batinkoff -RRB- and her lovely younger sister -LRB- Jenny Mollen -RRB- . The former leaves the house while Karen stays to clean up the house ; the latter arrives there and what Karen sees and hears start to get stranger . Considering the nature of the conclusion and suggested history of Karen 's childhood -LRB- which I can not disclose here -RRB- , there could be some psychological explanations about the strange events that terrorize Karen , as in such thrillers as ` The Others . '' That 's what I thought while trying not to sleep , but no matter how I try , I can not find one in this disjointed story that is confusing and illogical . If you see a character falling from the window and another character catches her in his arms in a cartoon-like way , you realize this is not a very good psychological thriller.Or maybe I am thinking too much . Probably this is another badly written horror film you might find in your rental video shop , borrow it and regret it later . Whatever it is , I was bored , and that I can say pretty confidently .
 I 'm an avid Horror movie goer . My taste in horror flicks may not be the best , I 'll admit I am a little picky , but they still have to be worth watching . This movie has no redeeming qualities to it whatsoever . I watched it with a group of people and by the first five minutes none of us knew what was going on , yet the ending was easily predictable . It was one of the worst horror flicks I 've ever seen . I would n't recommend even renting it .
 Let me just start by saying that I am very open to different styles of films and different approaches . I am also a very big fan of the genres of horror or suspence . Having said that , this film basically took the approach of shooting several incoherent scenes -LRB- since when is it terrifying to just shake the camera around and use lame camecorder type effects to create terror -RRB- of it 's protagonist walking around or laying in bed . Trust me when I say that those who liked this film must have been drunk , and basically chalked up the shotty story to their inebriation -LRB- sorry folks no one understands this film , even sober -RRB- or simply trying to rectify to themselves their having wasted money and time on this movie.I wo n't go into what it 's about too much as you can read the other reviews on that . Let me say that this film fails in all of the following areas.Suspense-there is n't much suspense over the initial 45 minutes of the protagonist simply acting weird , thinking weird things , or dreaming of weird things . So what?Story - Did these guys write this story in seperate parts , throw them together and kill their editor ? This had to be the most inchorent pile of garbage every considered a story to be on a movie screen , or tv screen for that matter . I actually looked at my watch several times and thought , `` they do n't have much time left to get to some point or go somewhere with this film . `` Acting-it was overdone and humurous -LRB- when it was n't supposed to be -RRB- . Direction-convinced there was no director.basically over and over during the film , my wife and I kept saying , `` this is really stupid . '' I think we finished the film as a badge of honor of sorts . We made it into a funny psuedo myster science theater-look at this pile of garbage type event.I 've only seen maybe one or two other films in MY LIFE that were this bad.I plead with the director , just because you got a camcorder for christmas does n't make you a movie maker . Not a legit one.To wrap this up , the ending of the film was such a freaking predictable letdown , that I laughed out loud , then thought back to all of the ridiculous scenes that had nothing to do with it.Actually this film did make me laugh . So it got a star for that.Should 've known better though . Any film which has it 's packaging try to explain itself so much on the back of the box probably has it 's reasons for doing so ... BECAUSE THE FILM WILL MAKE NO SENSE OTHERWISE .
 This is a movie that attempts to unseat Troll 2 as the undisputed worst horror film ever . At least Troll 2 was so bad it was entertaining . There is nothing entertaining in this disaster , unless you are into soft core girl on girl incest . We have wet T-shirts , hugging , cuddling , spooning in bed , and even a pillow fight ! Meow . What more could you ask from a whore movie ? Oh wait , I meant horror movie , and a few scares would 've been nice . The production team could n't afford 100 monkeys and typewriters , so they opted for 5 alleged `` writers '' sequestered away in 5 different locations with no interaction between them , and instructed them to write a script and use the phrase `` Do n't worry , I wo n't let you fall '' . Those scripts were then put through a food processor and reassembled by Helen Keller to creat the working script . The director decided to try out as many edgy camera techniques as possible to see what works best in case he ever gets to make a `` real '' movie . You get to see shaky cam , blurry cam , blurry shaky cam , slo-mo , 45 degree shutter -LRB- Tom Sizemore stole that one from Saving Private Ryan , or was it 28 Days Later ? -RRB- POV cam , and cam & cheese , heavy on the cheese . The acting was as bad as the direction as Gina Phillips over-reacted and hyperventilated through the whole movie . She was afraid of rats , roadkill , chickens , Pierce , reflections , wind , closets , slopes , ponies , swings , and her own shadow , not necessarily in that order . Maybe if Gina had been in the audience istead of on screen , this movie would 've scared at least one person . Tom Sizemore alternated between creepily friendly , lecherous , and psycho violent at the flick of a switch . Wendy just stayed horny most of the time . The editing was utterly incoherent . One minute they would be eating dinner , then Karen & Wendy are running up the driveway to Wendy 's car which wo n't start -LRB- not in a horror movie !! What are the odds ? Oh the humanity . -RRB- then a brief flashback to Pierce attacking Karen in the closet , to Karen throwing up in the toilet , punching out the medicine cabinet , then seeing Wendy is n't in the bed -LRB- maybe she 's trying to jump start the car -RRB- then cut to a scene of Wendy dancing with Pierce in the tack barn . All this in the space of about 2 min . All this jumping from location to location for no reason , intercut with flashbacks and hallucinations , makes the `` plot '' hard to follow . Fear not , for it will all become perfectly clear with the low-rent M. Night Shyamalan wannabe twist ending . Turns out Wendy has been dead for 17 years . Wait ... oh crap ... do n't read that part . ** Spoiler alert ** Too late now I guess . If you put the clues together you come to the conclusion that Grandpa had molested Karen and was getting an eye for Wendy . When Karen tried to stop him , apparently Wendy was knocked off the balcony and died . The scenes in the movie were Karen exercising her demons and getting some kind of closure . Pierce personified Grandpa and was a figment of her imagination . It is a cheap cop-out to explain away huge plot holes as being the result of a delusional mind . Shame on you filmakers . If you were to rewatch the film with the foreknowledge that Pierce represents Bad Grandpa , then the painfully clumsy , bad dialog becomes a string of disturbing sexual double entendre . Phrases like
 There is no story ; rather it seems as if the writer/director was really just putting together `` creepy '' moments without any thought for a story with a beginning , middle , and end . How unfortunate ... wish I could get those two hours back .
 THIS IS A TERRIBLE MOVIE!ALL THIS MOVIE 'S ABOUT IS HER HAVING NIGHTMARES , SHE SEES VISIONS , SHE HEARS THINGS , AND SOMETIMES SHE FEELS A PRESENCE.SHE GETS SCARED , AND PETRIFIED.I CA N'T EVEN EXPLAIN THIS MOVIE-IT 'S SO RIDICULOUS.WHAT I CAN GET FROM THIS IS THAT SHE 'S NUTS.HER SISTER DIED 17 YEARS AGO , AND SHES BEEN NUTS ALL THAT TIME.I WILL SAY THAT GINA PHILIPS DOES A GREAT JOB PLAYING KAREN-THE NUT .
 I really liked Gina Philips in JEEPERS CREEPERS , and I love horror films , so I was looking forward to RING AROUND THE ROSIE -- but this film is no JEEPERS CREEPERS.Instead , in terms of both film genre and quality , RING AROUND THE ROSIE is a lot like the abysmally opaque , boring , and confused SILENCE BECOMES YOU.RING AROUND THE ROSIE is no horror film . I suppose it 's meant to be a `` suspense '' film , but there 's no suspense here . Instead , Gina Philips spends much time wandering about an old house that she 'd inherited , `` seeing things . '' Flashbacks , or fantasies , or dreams , or ghosts , or maybe she 's going insane , or ... well , she 'd spent summers in the house as a child , so there are lots of `` memories . `` I guess we 're supposed to be impressed with all these possibilities and filled with suspense as we wonder , gee , who knows what 's going on ? But I was n't filled with suspense . I was bored.There 's also an `` erotic subtext . '' An ominous caretaker who has the hots for Philips . When the caretaker makes his move on Philip 's sister , there 's even some cliched cross-cutting with scenes of unruly horses . Ooooooo ! -- what fierce passions lie just beneath these characters ' cool exteriors!Boooring!Okay , here 's a spoiler warning -LRB- although not really , because I saw it coming -RRB- ... In the end we discover that ... it was all a dream!You want more proof this film is bad ? It 's an hour and 23 minutes -LRB- not including credits -RRB- -- but there are FIVE credited screenwriters . No wonder the script is so confused . Flashbacks , fantasies , dreams , ghosts ... it 's real , it 's not real ... these writers were all writing a different script.Poor Gina Philips . She wanders about this film , looking confused most of the time . No wonder . Not only is her character confused , but this poor actress was still trying to figure out what this script was about as she was filming it .
 Ring Around The Rosie is just not that good . I really do n't know if it was the script or the director , so I 'll just blame both of them.I 've never heard of Rubi Zack . Not even sure if that 's a man or a woman 's name . I see no other films that Zack has directed that I have heard of . I bet there is a reason for that.Alex Barder , I am not trying to be mean , but maybe you should find another craft . Writing a movie where the same thing happens over and over and over is jut not good writing.Ditto to the other writer of this film
 Yet another it-was-all-in-his / her-head movie . I do n't know why they classified this as a supernatural thriller . I 'd call it a psychological thriller , though I was not very thrilled by any of it . It eventually had some interesting parts , but parts are all they were . The majority of the movie felt like pieced-together bits with a cheap , extremly disappointing ending . I was hoping the caretaker had some mental powers , like astral projection , which some of the bits would have supported , but no such luck . I have no love for movies that end up being all someone 's psychosis , but I can tolerate them if the psycho trip is at least interesting . Her 's was not ... except for a few tiny bits . In short
 RING AROUND THE ROSIES is a pocket full of poop . Apparently someone thought it was a good idea to remake 1950 's schlock flick `` The Screaming Skull '' without the skull , but with all the screaming . And Gina Philips screams a lot , often for no particular discernible reason , leaving us to try to figure out if SHE 'S what we 're supposed to be frightened of . I was scared of her . I pity her character 's husband , who splits early in the film , leaving her looked after by the gardener , who is played by a life-sized but not quite life-like Tom Sizemore marionette.Characters say very flat , obvious things to each other , and are always met with `` Really ? '' as a response . Count the number of times this happens . It will bother you . It may be the shabbiest script ever written.Also , Gina Philips is a special brand of over actor . You wo n't believe the bizarre physical choices she makes in bringing her character to life . For example , she 's walking down the stairs with a stack of papers and books , only to find her friend at the bottom of the stairs to greet her . She literally drops 35 lbs of books and debris all over herself in surprise ! But it 's no big deal . The scene just carries on.Anyhow , long story short , Gina Philips has nightmares all the time , though I 'm not sure why , and Tom Sizemore may or may not be a bad guy . All of this happens on a ranch with horses , and it does n't end soon enough . If you like lots of quick cut editing of nothing during which a woman screams , see this movie by all means .
 I bought the movie and wish I had left it on the shelf . It 's not very entertaining at all .
 What in the world is going on ? That 's the question you will ask yourself many times during this movie . We laughed so often during this movie at how stupid it was and how little sense it made throughout.Save your money . Do n't waste your time . The movie was seriously bad ... just horror-able .
 Ring Around the Rosie -LRB- Rubi Zack , 2006 -RRB- Here 's a movie that really looks like it 's going somewhere , then it cops out . It 's not as disappointing as Les Revenants , because it never gets anywhere near that good , but it does look like it has at least a little potential -- a decent cast , some great scenery , character interaction that really does have a creepy feel to it , and then all the sudden , bam . You 're stuck in the hell that is the Hollywood clich&eacute;.The story
 My partner and I started to watch this movie and after 30 minutes into the movie we shut it off . I could not find a story or anything worth my time to keep watching it . I am not going to say that this was a B movie because it is n't . It is worse than that and I really like B movies . Move on to your next movie if you are looking into this one .
 There is some interesting information included in this movie ... but that 's all it is ! information ! Very dry and un-entertaining . Save your money and read the Wikipedia article for Judaism .
 If you are a fan of the charming St-Exupery novel , avoid this ! Many of the characters are obnoxious at best . For instance , the rose , who is charming and vulnerable in the novel , comes across as a high maintenance hooker in the movie . Please ! A massive disappointment to our whole family , adults and children alike .
 Watching this with my father and sister last night , I agree with the reviewer that was going to melt the dvd . The boy was so annoying , I could not bear listening to his voice . I was surprised that Gene Wilder agreed to be in this movie . Do n't see it.Rael
 Where to begin ... this is quite possibly the worst film adaptation I have ever seen . Perhaps the blame lies with the English version of the story , but having read the original French version and afterwards , watching the movie in my honors French 4 class , I can say without a doubt that I have lost 88 minutes of my life that I will never get back . The only similarities between the book and the movie were the title and the fact that there was indeed a Little Prince . The prince 's British accent prevented me from understanding the lines which were indeed totally corrupted from the original text . The director deviated so far from the story line that it was virtually unrecognizable . The lovably demanding rose turned into a laughable seductress wannabe enticing a poor little boy . As a musician , I found the musical numbers long winded , totally unnecessary and just plain bad . It is unimaginable that this cheap attempt at a musical won a Golden Globe for Best Score ! What was the Academy thinking ?!?!?!? In short , I hated it ! But maybe that 's just me .
 I 'm a French teacher who was looking for a video to go along with the book . I thought it would be a fun and entertaining break for my students . I 'm not sure they 've forgiven me yet . That was the most brutal 88 minutes of our lives . It was like a car wreck you ca n't look away from ! Save your money ! Watch paint dry . Watch test patterns on TV . Stare at the wall for an hour and a half . Seriously , ANYTHING would be more entertaining ! Mon Dieu !
 i was sent a movie to wv that can only be viewed in europe , this could have been my fault i have never been exposed to the fact that this was even in existence but my heart was broke when i put the movie in and in could not play , then i went on the hunt for other dvd players and then i researched and saw it was n't going to play here at all !!!! heartbrake !!! i need to hurry and order the RIGHT one , but i still do n't know why they would send me that one.that was n't authorized for where i live .
 The Little Prince was my favorite book as a little kid , and I still love it to this day . And though this film certainly tries its best to do justice to the book , it fails horribly . I hated this movie . Hated it . It is , for some reason , a musical , and the songs are trite and boring . The acting is uninspired , and the eponymous Little Prince is irritating and difficult to understand through his lispy British accent . The film is all-around tacky and dated . Read the book instead !!!
 I was disappointed that it did n't follow the storyline of the book.In some respects , the movie was too silly . I think that the movie missed some of the important messages from the story book .
 I am possibly one of the biggest Antoine de Saint-Exupery fans around . Really , I am . I even travelled to France with the one intent of visiting the pantheon in Paris where the plaque commemorating him is . My house is filled with little homages to him and The Little Prince . The point I 'm trying to make is I almost worship everything that is related to the story of The Little Prince.Almost everything - but this movie was such absolute drivel ! I persisted watching it to the end purely out of respect for Antoine de Saint-Exupery , but I was absolutely put off this film so many times . I can forgive trying to make the story a little more modern and child-friendly by the musical numbers , but they were n't even tasteful.This movie took a perfectly good story and desecrated it . I want so badly to apologize to Antoine de Saint-Exupery on the filmmaker 's behalf.P.S . Why does the snake / `` Satan '' character sing about suicide so happily while imitating Michael Jackson 's dance moves ? Argh !
 Ok , first some background info on my Le Petit Prince experience . I read Le Petit Prince in french class this year , in French of course . I also read the English version of the book soon afterwards . Furthermore I have read much analysis of the philosophy presented in the book . Then in French class my teacher brought in this movie . Before we watched it she warned us that it was really weird . I did not really know what to expect , I mean the book was pretty weird , how could the movie be weird if the book was considered normal . After these thoughts came throug my head she told us that the people do n't talk , but they sing . Whoa ... Basically most everyone knows the plot I will just touch on it . The movie starts out with some weird singing about the hat that the narrator drew as a child and then goes into an overlong song about the narrator 's need for air . So far this was rather weird I along with the rest of my class looked as if we were watching a fat man dance naked in the middle of the street . You know that look ? Half sneer and half laugh . Well the movie continued to get weirder and I came to the conclusion that existentialist stories should never be turned into movies . However later it reached the pinnacle of its weirdness with the snake dance that lasted for much , much too long . Well at least we know where Michael Jackson got his gig.The movie featured much of the same dialogue as did the book , sometimes the conversion was word for word . However the movie did skip over many of the imprtant scenes that really did explain Saint-Euxpery 's philosophy . Furthermore the Little Prince 's naivite was betrayed by his request to go to Earth . One of the important scenes that was skipped over was the scene with the king telling the Little Prince about judging yourself and the scene with the vain man was equally important.Furthermore the Little Prince was obnoxiously cute , and although he was not a bad actor , in fact he was a really good actor for a child his age , we could have easily gone without him opening his mouth to sing on a couple songs.In conclusion the movie was much too weird for my tastes and did change some of the things that made the book a great book . However it did manage to convert the book into a movie , from a book that was probably not meant to be a movie .
 Many people have apparently enjoyed this , which amazes me . It is as sugary , cheesy , and fake-tasting as some punitive junk food . The child is a brat who makes one 's toes and fingers itch ; the adults are dead to any sort of shame . -LRB- The memory of the pseudo-Fox capering round the trees is one I would pay a lot to exorcise . -RRB- The worst thing about it is that it exposes something in the book that 's better not exposed
 I carefully read the reviews before I bought this DVD . One review panned it severely , but dummy me went with the majority . Yes , the music , if you can possibly call it that , is atrocious . I could not even sit through the whole movie . It was painful to listen to . I ca n't account for the rest of the movie , but the first part did not follow the original book in which the boy does NOT run away . Acting was mediocre to say the least and the boy lacked the inherent charm of the book . So I will see if I can get a hold of the original French versionEnd result , I will not give this to my grandson.I am sorry I wasted my time and money on this ... I am donating it to Goodwill , maybe someone else can enjoy it.I would not even add the tag of philosophy nor French literature , that would be an insult.No I am not French : -RRB-
 I did not read the book . I only viewed this movie . I thought it was very strange , but that is just personal and I would not give one star for that . I gave it one star because I do not think suicide belongs in a children 's movie . The snake sings a song telling the prince that one bite from him will solve all his problems , without his body , he will be able to go back to the planet he came from , etc. . With the teen suicide rate so high , this is not a message I want in the mind or soul of any child of any age . Also , the snake seem analogous with the serpeant who tempted Eve in Eden , in other words , the devil . I recommend that parents watch this movie first before they let their child view .
 I LOVE the Little Prince and bought this DVD so that I could enjoy it . I finally got around to viewing it , but my DVD player gave me an error message - something about wrong region . Apparently , the US is region 1 and the DVD is formatted for Region 2 . I live in Houston and bought the DVD from a US vendor , I did n't expect to have to check the &#34; region &#34; to make sure the DVD was playable . I missed the return deadline , but will try to see if they are willing to work with me . I can play it on my computer , but only if I change the region setting . Not the experience I was hoping for .
 I saw this film with my grandmother at Radio City Music Hall as a child back in 1974 -LRB- I think this is the year -RRB- . I had not read the book at that time , and certainly did not like the movie . Since falling in love with the soundtrack of Le Petit Prince -LRB- Richard Cocciante 's and Elisabeth Anais 's French version -RRB- , I decided to give this film another look . Also , it 's considered a classic , so I thought maybe I 'd like it better now.I did like the main cast . I think Richard Kiley as the aviator was excellent and I very much enjoyed Steven Warner as the Little Prince . Gene Wilder -LRB- the Fox -RRB- like always , was great.The movie was really bad , though . And , the musical score was appalling -LRB- I do not use this term lightly -RRB- ! The Little Prince , too , is filled with poor melodies and lyrics . I am not a huge fan of Lerner and Lowe 's , but these songs are just really atrocious . I wound up fast forwarding halfway through most of the songs since they sounded horrid and repetitive . Worse , they seemed to come out of nowhere with no real transition from dialogue to music . The Prince 's Rose , for instance , said goodbye coyly yet gently but then belted out her obnoxious and brash goodbye song . And , it was HORRIBLE as were most all the tracks . Really atrocious stuff . I 'm surprised it even passes as music.The main message here is wonderful . The film does keep the main message , but if you do n't know the book , some of the lessons learned and taught are lost in this film . You reach the same conclusion , because it 's spelled out for the watcher , but some lessons -LRB- vanity , too much work-not enough play , focus on money -RRB- are lost along the way . In addition , the troubled yet charming lamplighter is absent here . Really , if time was an issue , why not cut out the horrendous musical numbers ? These planetary visits the Prince makes in the book are pretty integral to the story.Again , the scenes between the aviator and the prince were wonderful . Gene Wilder was excellent . The supporting cast was okay , but they did n't get the book 's points across.I 'm surprised anyone thinks this is a classic . I have not seen the Rachel Portman 's operatic version , but I ca n't sing the praises of Richard Cocciante 's and Elisabeth Anais ' version -LRB- LE PETIT PRINCE -RRB- enough . Although it 's not available with English subtitles , it is absolutely wonderful . And , the lyrics to the songs are almost the exact words that Antoine de Saint-Exupery wrote , set to music . So , if you have the book in English , you can follow along with the dvd film version without any issue . In fact , the first song , Dedicace , is the exact dedication that Antoine de Saint-Exupery wrote , set to music . And , Daniel Lavoie is perfect as the aviator . The music to this is truly sublime .
 We made the mistake of buying this DVD when we had the earlier purchased the `` other '' Cowgirl Dora , not knowing that it was simply a repackaging move . Such a move makes no sense for kids , unless the intent is to get the parents to mistakenly purchase the DVD twice . There is no indication , even in the mouse print on the back , that this DVD contains the identical material the old DVD contained . It is even the same DVD in the box . Of course , you ca n't tell until it is opened , so you are out of luck.I will think twice before I buy another Nickelodeon after this experience .
 I understand some variance in pricing between seasons/sets , but this seems quite extreme . Volume 1 costs under $ 15 . Why on Earth would this comparable set cost more than 3 times as much ?
 Reviews must be twenty words long , so I 'll see how many other ways I can say that this is a really , really bad movie . Let 's see ... Nothing in it ever makes sense , the acting was so bad it made me think the actors were trying to pretend they were n't in this movie , it was easy to guess right away who the killer was , and then there is `` The Box '' that seems to make all these bad things happen , but does anyone ever try to get rid of it ? Nope .
 If you 're looking for a good ghost flick , keep looking this is n't it . The acting is subpar , the plot is uninteresting and the quality was nothing special either .
 I 've watched other Katt Williams shows and enjoyed them , even though the language is &#34; rough &#34; . This one was not as interesting to me .
 Kat williams is not funny . dude is a weak comedian . he has no jokes & just rambles on & on . he might get over with a line here & there , but there is nothing funny about his routine.I watch his HBO show & was bored big time . cliche jokes & the usual digs & Words that a Cat who ca n't articulate his brand of humor well has to resort to . the biggest joke is the Network that gave him a special to begin with . dude is Corny .
 I received my dvd and it was damaged . I did contact this seller and they were so nice and even told me they would replace the defective dvd at no cost to me . that was 6 weeks ago and I have heard nothing since . I sent a follow up email and was ignored . I suggest you find another dealer to buy products from . The service is not at all customer friendly.Disappointed customerTammie Johnson
 I ordered this from a site linked to amazon , paid for it and everything and it was never sent to me .
 Video does n't play on my Sony tv . Never had a problem before with any other rentals . Amazon policy is no refunds on digital rentals . Nice customer service . : -LRB-
 This does not work correctly on our two Panasonic HD televisions , that have the embedded Amazon video player installed . There is no audio , and the video is constantly interrupting playback to re-stream . Getting a refund .
 A one-line summary of this movie makes it sound fascinating
 `` Intacto '' concerns a hidden subculture of people who can steal luck from others , and barter or win it from each other . An intriguing concept , to be sure , and it makes for a good premise for a film.A movie needs more than a high concept , though . A fantasy like this demands a lot in its execution . In particular , the script must establish an internal logic very early on , and follow that internal logic , in order to allow the audience to suspend their disbelief and enter into the fantasy . `` Intacto '' unfortunately throws internal logic and common sense right out the window . The characters ' actions make no sense much of the time , and the script and direction obfuscate and confuse rather than advance any kind of plot . Contrast this with the superior movie `` The Cooler , '' which also dealt with a man who could affect the luck of others . Whatever its faults , and it had some , at least the basic premise of the cooler 's relationship with luck & how it worked was set out early in the movie , and was comprehensible.I 'll give it an extra star for trying something different , and for generally good performances . But , I would n't watch this again . If you 're at the video store at 11 pm on Friday and your only choices are this , `` Shattered Glass '' and some WWF videos , just go home and read a book .
 Great movie well played out.How it can not have the SON OF SVENGOOLIE is a reason not to buy the movie.Sven has been on for nearly 30 years and is loved in Chicago .
 I watched most of it but it 's really predictable . Bad performances by almost all the actors . Plot inconsistencies . Slow . I turned it off toward the end , figured I had wasted enough time on it .
 B O R I N G !!!!! STOP , GIVE ME A BREAK ... NOT FAIR I WANT MY MONEY BACK !!!! Several people need other types of work . Do n't give up your day jobs , boys !
 Unfortunately , like most independent GLBT movies , this one lacked in all areas . I could n't even finish the movie , bad acting , bad writing , all made it seem like the movie was made in the 70 's . Do n't waste your money .
 This movie could have been better , lousy acting from the 2 main actors , the setting was beautiful , as the Northern Calif redwoods are lovely.Watch the movie , but you have been warned , sorry just telling the truth ,
 most gay movies are cheesiness and not done very well . with low budget cost . acting is not great.this one is that bad.OK Ive seen some good gay movies . I will list a couple of of gay movies I liked ,1 Beautiful Thing2Nico and Danni3Come Undone4Queer as folkI really thought they where better films rarely dose that happen
 Basically ; the main character cheats on his long time partner -LRB- which he has a son with ! -RRB- with a guy he randomly meets . All in the guise of way too quick -LRB- and not believable -RRB- `` romantic drama '' . The movie never deals with the moral issues of cheating . In fact , it pretty much expects you to be along with it like it 's no big deal -LRB- do n't all gay guys cheat line of thinking -RRB- . It screams `` gay guys wo n't care about all the weird holes in the storyline ; since they do n't get many gay romantic movies ... ca n't be choosy '' . Well , I for one , expect more from a movie than semi-cute guys and a gay theme . It should make sense . Why do so many gay themed movies ' writers just do n't even try to make a script that people can believe in . I can count on one hand the number of gay themed movies that were well written . As a side benefit ; it turned into a tragic comedy , as we actually laughed out loud a couple times with the so bad acting and `` dramatic pauses '' the director put the actors through . Skip this one . Better off renting/owning a better made straight romantic movie .
 Resulta que desde el inicio tienen disonancias para aquellos que buscan historias de amor , porque comienza con un hogar gay fragmentado , donde una relaci&oacute;n de siete a & ntilde ; os se ve en peligro por este nuevo romance que no es m&aacute;s que una infidelidad oculta por todos los c&oacute;mplices familiares desde sus amigos , hasta su madre y hermano . Eso no entona con la b&uacute;squeda de un amor , si no con el problema de la infidelidad que se deriva de un desamor.No la recomiendo , excepto para aquellos que quieran salir corriendo de sus relaciones actuales . Y quieran ser infieles.No digo que est&eacute; mal , pero tampoco es congruente con una historia sincera de sentimientos.Since beginning showed how broke a solid relationship between two men , how separate a couple with a new option ... I do n't recommend this film except for the people who want to change their love for a new man .
 The romantic storyline and beautiful background of the California redwoods attracted us to this movie . Unfortunately , it did not live up to expectations . The 81 minutes dragged on forever thanks to the slow -LRB- literally -RRB- dialogue and tremendous overuse of dramatic pauses . Every character seemed to have to think about every word for 30 seconds before saying it . Maybe they were trying to keep from laughing . The acting was not at all engaging or convincing and it was n't helped by a script that could have been performed in more like 30 minutes . The story had many false starts - hints of subplots that were never developed . Overall , it seemed like it was written a gushing high school boy just out of the closet and bursting with hormone-laden false romanticism . But at least they had nice bodies .
 I rented this movie and for an hour and seventeen minutes , I found myself reiterating `` Oh Pleeeasssse '' ! For the first 30 minutes I kept asking myself `` Where is this movie going ? '' The story is about a couple , who after 7 years of being together , one of the guys finds himself in a mid life crisis in his early 30s . It was predictable because you knew Everette was going to end up in bed with Chase . It was just a matter of time ! In the beginning of the movie I was introduced to their son , but I kept wondering throughout the movie , `` How did they come to have this boy ? '' `` Was he adopted ? '' and `` Is he a special needs child ? '' The movie is slow and boring until the end , when it presents itself with a Susan Hayward ending . Even that was a predictable when you see Chase 's cousin get out of the car . This movie is definitely a rental !
 I liked Rock Haven and had high expectations of this title given the -LRB- assumed -RRB- more experience of the makers . Whilst I understand what the movie wanted us to see there is no real narrative here.The performances are mostly okay -LRB- a hot sex scene , some gratuitous nudity , Matthew Montgomery really shining -RRB- but there 's really no exposition of the characters to be where they are . Why is the relationship going sour ? What it the history of the wordless child ? , and the mother ? . . and so on . At one stage the male leads are deeply in love and the next they are at each other 's throats . The fact that there is an affair in the circumstances coupled with the capricious behaviour of the men leaves a very poor impression of the maturity of gay men , something the weird ending does n't correct . An inappropriate music score turns the concerned women into clowns . Of course there are the inevitable montages
 How ANYONE can call this movie romantic is beyond me . Ive seen porno movies with more plot , and at least making more sense . I take that back , ive seen COMPILATION porno movies that made more sense than this random selection of scenes under the guise of a `` movie '' . You get NO understanding of why this mans relationship is unforefilling , and hes so ready to cheat . I cheat because my spouse likes to use coupons ! Hey im there ! AFter his coupon-loving louse , and autistic kid scoot off to grannys house our main guy meets a stranger -LRB- dont horror flicks usually start out this way ? -RRB- , and proceeds to fall madly in lust/love -LRB- all while bleating about having responsibilities -RRB- in four whole days . I will say I was almost pleased to think that the movie might turn into a horror flick when MOM stands over lover boy and stares him down -LRB- all while NEVER introducing herself -RRB- I guess when Edward Scissorhands was editing this movie he decided it took away from the plot to say `` OH ! IM EVERETS MOM !! '' Of course then we go on to DINNER with the family ?!? huh wha ? huh ? wasnt mom just standing over writer boy -LRB- with an axe behind her back -RRB- ? I will say youhave to love a family that welcomes in their cheating sons 4 day old trick as if hes been around for a lifetime . Sigh i wont give away the end of the movie . You will fast forward there anyway . Bring your kleenex cuz you will need them once you realize , your never getting this time back ...
 I 'm giving this film one star because I like trees , the movie however was painful to sit through -LRB- even the full frontal seemed gratuitous -RRB- , the story was stale , the majority of the acting was unbelievably bad and frankly I was a bit saddened with the whole affair . I will say that I thought Matthew Montgomery was believable and did a commendable acting job -LRB- I would be interested in seeing another performance from him -RRB- . This film just bothered me ...
 I was kind of excited to watch this movie because of the reviews I was reading on the movie , but once I got the movie and watched it , it honestly sucked !! , could n't get into the story , plus I did n't like the ending , I wish it had a nice ending but I guess not all movies end good .
 Although there is an ambitious idea at work here the result is shallow and cliche dialogue , bad acting , bad chemistry between the players , and a forced , maudlin end . Aside from some gorgeous landscape , the camera work is one dimensional without scope or imagination . The casting is odd . The lead , Brendan Bradley , looks 25 and amateurishly plays Everett a man in a seven year , troubled relationship . He and his husband are raising a special needs son who appears 9-12 years old . The script and direction has it unbelievable that these characters intimately know each other . In 10 mins we see the partner is shallow and bitchy then we embark on a paint by numbers , against the odds setup . Husband & son go on holiday leaving Everett home . A handsome gay drifter , Chase , -LRB- love the soapy names -RRB- played by Matthew Montgomery , gets lost in front of Everett 's house . The script and acting had me suspecting that Chase was there purposely ; nope , just bad dialogue and acting . The two have no chemistry but are smitten at first sight . Okay , we 're fed an idea that Everett wants to resist Chase , but takes him around town & the Redwoods anyway , blah blah , have tourist snap photo , oh take a second photo -LRB- with a digital camera so that will be important later . -RRB- Blah-Blah , scenes of Everett thinking , blah , blah , Chase is a blocked writer on a journey of self discovery , Everett took writing classes so he 's an authority . Chase allows Everett to read and critique the opus he 's struggling with . Blah , Blah phoney ` author ' dialogue , longing looks , sensual touches , almost kiss , kiss later , rip off clothes have passionate sex , blah , blah . Take secret lover to family dinner , adultery no problem . Ask ? naked ? brother what he thinks of the new fella ... adulterers - I mean lovers quarrel ... make up ... husband 's coming home ... time for stranger to go ... must make a choice ... I mean come on ! Montgomery says his lines well enough but at the end we learn he was carrying a heavy burden which the romance does not fit into AT ALL . It felt tacked on and had no weight when revealed . ** SPOILER ** A `` years later '' queue hardly changes the `` later that day '' feel of a pivotal scene . Redwoods seeks to posture as a gay Bridges of Madison County but winds up a derivative of , bad movie . Better casting and camera-work would have helped but it 's hard to tell .
 Redwoods -LRB- DVD -RRB- movie was skimpy on production values , story interest , and believable characters . The film pretended to be a romantic love story but our movie night audience was pleading for the dullness to end . Not even close to `` Big Eden 's '' off beat humor , surprise twist , and touching love story that delivered the romance .
 Saw the trailers for this and thought , huh time to read amamzon reviews on it . I bought it anyway knowing there are very few good gay movies out there . Long painfully disjointed script , two dimensional characters and bradleys wardrobe kept screaming `` 1985 lives again ! '' .
 I 've watched a handful of Film Movement releases , and liked most of them , but this one is a disappointment . For one , it 's not really about surfing , and what little surfing there is turns out to be for nothing . The romance aspect is a fail . There is little chemistry between the two actors , not enough time and energy dedicated to making the viewer interested , and the actress who plays Karen does n't have much going on in the personality department . Whether or not that 's how she was supposed to be played , I was not impressed and I did n't sympathize or like the character.There were some good characters , like Even 's goofy friend and the ex surfing pro , as well as Sara . But that is n't enough to make this work.To top it off , the ending ... oh , the ending . It 's one of those endings created to emotionally toy with the viewer as well as make an impact , but for me it did n't work . Maybe if I had cared more about the characters I would n't have thought the ending was so ridiculous . But that 's what it was , in my opinion . The whole movie was rendered pointless .
 First , this is not a real surf movie . It is a movie for people who talk about surfing but have never actually done it . It is so technically deficient -- anyone who approached surfing like Evan did would have drown many times over , the weather and surf conditions predictions are rudimentary yet presented as if an amazing mysterious discovery , and the final surf scene is chopped from some other location -- that no surfer would waste time on it.Second , think about the `` plot '' . Aimless boy loses girl because girl finds someone else who can at least stick with an activity -LRB- surfing -RRB- long enough to become good at it . Girl marries surfer and is pregnant . Aimless boy mopes about , tries the same activity to impress the girl but ends up committing suicide by surfing in a lightning storm . Essentially aimless boy never grows up . This is more of a study of grossly failed maturation , including the inability to deal with rejection , delusional thinking , and suicide , than a love story.Just like Evan 's inability to find his own interest and copies Jord 's surfing , the producers of this movie could n't even come up with an original title . So they spend probably all of 5 seconds coming up with this one . A cheap , shallow , unsatisfying knock off .
 This is not worth time or money . It has nothing to do w/Philip Seymour-a great actor . Avoid this .
 Dead by Dawn goes up and down , but is distressingly intolerable ; after you have invested 2 hours of your life on it , it takes a nose dive into absolute nonsense.I think this was meant to be or should have been serio-comic slasher , but most of the `` murders by the vengeful soul '' scenes were consigned to the cutting room floor with the consequence of a very unbalanced and too cliched effort .
 Buyer beware
 Wow , I 've sat through some stinkers before , but dang , this was lame . I 've seen better movies coming out of junior high school Super-8 film classes . Pendantic acting , story that made little or no sense , continuity non-existent . If I could give negative stars , I would .
 As noted by other reviewers , this is not the 11-11-11 film heavily advertised on television . This is a low-budget knock-off that my husband rented from Redbox because he thought it was something else . Trickster moviemakers.Letting go of the fact that this movie is basically hoodwinking the public into renting or buying something that they 're not ... This movie is a stinker . Judging completely on its own merits , it 's fair to say that this movie HAS NO MERITS.It does feature the 11:11 phenomenon as well as some 9/11 conspiracy theories , but mostly it 's a no-budget movie that is n't worth watching or reviewing . The acting is completely pathetic . Directing and writing are n't any better . The premise is ridiculous and whatever potential may have existed in the script has been choked to death.It 's not scary , it 's not clever , it 's not even cool in the way that overly cheesy horror movies can be . This movie has no redeeming qualities .
 This movie was just plain awful ! *** SPOILERS *** *** SPOILERS *** *** SPOILERS *** The story was lame as hell , the little boy is the devil so he has to be killed before 11/11/2011 or else the devil will take over his body and destroy our world . The little old lady is constantly trying to kill him in really lame ways . Why not just go out , buy a shotgun at Wal-Mart or Dicks and blow his face off?On top of that everyone in town is a devil worshiper and they ca n't wait for 11/11/2011 so they can have their new lord and savior Satan take over the world.So let 's fast forward to the end of the movie . The father kills the little old lady with a machete and he brings the kid inside . Then the mom kills her nurse upstairs and she is shrieking bloody murder . Yet the dad does n't hear it . Why ? Plus the police and paramedics are sent to this house 3 times in one night , they show up and leave in like 5 minutes . Usually the police stick around a little longer than that when a person is accused of assaulting a child.Then when the father realizes he has to kill the little boy , he goes from loving father refusing to let harm come to his child , to realizing that he must slaughter him in cold blood in like 5 seconds . He sure came to terms with that pretty quick ! Also when the kid is killed instantly everything is back to normal . The devil worshipers are gone , and the cop that died is back alive again . So , did the people that died earlier come back to life too ? Never any explanation given for any of it . *** END SPOILERS *** *** END SPOILERS *** *** END SPOILERS *** This movie was a horrible waste of time and just plain stupid ! I got this out of the Redbox for $ 1.35 and I want my money back ! Who do I see about getting that money and the 90 minutes of my life back?Don ' t waste your time or your money !
 Jack and Mellisa Vales soon suspect that the ` spooky ' coincidences that occur at their new house could have to do with their son , who also might happen to be Satan . Or the person that founded the Asylum movie company , they 're pretty indistinguishable from each other.It 's an Asylum film , so telling you that it 's cheap , badly acted , or obscenely tedious would be an exercise in redundancy . To be perfectly blunt , I no longer really blame them for releasing an unending putrid stream of cinematic atrocities . They must make money from some gullible sap out there . Having instant Netflix , however , I do n't waste my money , just my time -LRB- which is also a travesty in its own way -RRB-
 There is NO region A Blu-Ray release of Darren Bousman 's `` 11-11-11 '' . I do n't know WHY the studio did n't release a region A Blu-Ray , but they DID N'T . THIS disc is an ASYLUM KNOCK OFF.Asylum has been getting VERY bold in the titling of their knock off films recently . They got sued for `` American Battleship '' and the lawsuit was dropped after they renamed it to `` American Warships . `` For this film , Asylum used slashes -LRB- / -RRB- instead of dashes -LRB- - -RRB- . If there is n't currently a lawsuit over this , there should be .
 I would not give this piece of idiocy any stars if that were allowed ... pathetic rip off of several horror movies . Leave it where it belongs -- the trash !!!
 This movie , although original in the storyline , isnt a good scary movie . No frights , or scares of any kind . Definitely shouldve waited for it at the $ 1 rental case .
 This isnt what you think it will be this is a low budget rip/off that isnt worth the time let alone the money
 Disastrously bad horror flick about a family moving to a suburb where the neighbors are cheerful , people keep dying violent deaths that nobody seems to notice and their son will transform into the anti-christ on his eleventh birthday . There 's a good Stepford Wives style comedy in here somewhere about the banality of evil as these bland suburban types plan for the coming of the apocalypse while smiling and handing out cookies , but as a horror movie this thing is a complete train wreck . The writing , acting , digital effects -- pretty much everything that can be bad is very , very bad . The conspirators keep killing their own off for letting details of their master plan slip yet they do nothing about the old woman who lives next door to the family and is the only person trying to stop the boy from becoming the anti-christ . Like I said , this could have been a pretty good comedy . 11/11/11 borrows liberally -LRB- and incompetently -RRB- from The Omen . This movie should n't be confused with Darren Lynn Bousman 's similarly titled 11-11-11 which takes place in Spain and was n't fortunate enough to get a release before it 's apocalyptic title date .
 This is n't quite `` so bad it 's good , '' but it is good for quite a few laughs . I wanted to give it more stars as a comedy but then everyone would yell at me for raising the overall rating for the wrong reasons . Almost reaches `` Troll 2 '' level of bad but not quite . It might have been better if they had shot for that goal , then they could at least attain cult status . I do n't resent watching it since it was on Netflix Watch Instantly , so essentially no money wasted , only time . I think someone should nominate this for Rifftrax to cover .
 Bad acting and even worse story . I know this is a low budget film but I 've seen other low budget films that are more creative and with a better cast of actors .
 This is not the one from the famous Youtube Trailer ... that one is coming out soon though , do not purchase this movie ... I watched the trailer for this one ... it 's a stinker ... Wait for the real 11-11-11 movie ... go google it ... the other one looks scary as heck
 This is another movie completely , they used slashes instead of hyphens . I have read some real horribe reviews of this movie . The movie 11-11-11 does not show up here .
 Wow , where do I start ? The only redeeming feature of the Mephisto Waltz ? Jacqueline Bissette ! It 's always a win-win situation looking at that lady . Wowzers ... The plot is not clever at all and really a rehash of Star Trek episodes with people changing bodies and throw in an occult angle to it and voila.What is so hilarious is how everyone acts like Alan Alda is the sexiest thing , could n't figure that one out ? The rituals did n't seem authentic to a satanic cult , the psychodelic stuff got tiresome , and ultimately the ending was possibly THE worst ending in history ... WARNING SPOILER AHEAD ... why in the heck would Jacqueline Bissett 's character want to : a -RRB- change bodies with Barbara Parkins ' character , Roxanne ? That 's like jumping from a Porsche to a Camryb -RRB- why would someone who has had these satanists kill her own precious daughter and slay her husband want to make a deal with the devil herself and play ball with the diabolical ? Fighting evil with evil and giving in?c -RRB- inhabite the body of Roxanne and then end up with the husband body you started out with -LRB- again , Alan Alda , ???? -RRB- only this time the soul/personality of that far-from-handsome body is a diabolical and evil murdering musician ? How superficial and weak can we get here?The story was n't scary at all , seemed very cheesy , and was predictable except for the insane ending ... did n't see that stupid plot coming ! The atmosphere was n't as scary as some devilish flicks . There was no sense of forboding or doom . It was bland . Again , the rituals seemed unrealistic and not authentic and I asked myself , `` why in the heck did I buy this movie ? '' Ebay time ! I 'm unloading this stinker!I must re-emphasize
 A pair of long-limbed occult movies here , neither particularly memorable -LRB- thus a disc I 've already sold -RRB- . HOUSE is a blaxploitation voodoo yarn with a white hero -LRB- Victor French , of all people -RRB- . Essentially an Old Dark House-style mystery with estranged relatives -LRB- three black , one white -RRB- brought together for the reading of their great-grandmother 's will , but the maid and butler , who practise voodoo , have other plans for the money . Good concept , but the production is strictly TV movie level , hardly surprising considering the cast , almost all of whom were small screen thesps at best . French was a TV mainstay who would soon go on to LITTLE HOUSE ON THE PRAIRIE , while Mike Evans , the other most recognizable face in the cast , had a few telemovies to his name , but would shortly start an extended run as Lionel on the classic sitcoms ALL IN THE FAMILY and THE JEFFERSONS.Much better , but still severely dated , is THE MEPHISTO WALTZ , one of the few theatrical features of TV vet Paul Wendkos , and it looks like a TV movie , too , only with more boobs , gore and swearing , as music journalist Alan Alda get possessed by the spirit of newly-departed concert pianist and satanist Curt Jurgens . Jackie Bissett is Alda 's wife , who becomes hip to the ruse after Alda takes over the dead man 's career and their daughter dies of an unexplained illness . Some creepy moments and an intriguingly dark twist , but the oh-so-typically Hollywood-liberal portrayal of the outwardly conservative tuxedo classes as society 's truly debauched sin-seeking swingers was pretty worn out even by 1971 , when this was made .
 On a scale of 1 to 10 , these movies owe me 5 . The seventies were not ideal times for horror movies , in my opinion . Really , really , really bad !!!
 Received this in the mail yesterday and finished `` Mephisto '' earlier today . With this reportedly being the better of the two , I viewed it first . The sound effects are absolutely atrocious . They add nothing and take everything away . Sounds like my fooling around with household objects as a kind with a Fisher Price tape recorder . I treasure B-Movie flicks of this era as I lived only minutes away from the neighborhood Drive-In - it was something of a family tradition on weekends . Sadly , this is one for the fire . Check out What 's The Matter With Helen instead .
 I love old classic horror with lots of atmosphere , especially with a satanic aspect to it , so after reading the reviews of the Mephisto Waltz , I could n't wait to watch it.What a disappointment . It was n't terrible , but it 's not something I 'd watch again . The ` suprise ' ending was hardly a suprise.I give it 2 stars.Kenny
 No laughs here . Just the cringe-worthy sight of 50-something Alec Baldwin trying to romance a 21-year-old character . It 's not that it 's creepy . It 's just that there is no chemistry whatsoever . Neither lead is likeable in any way . If this is a date movie , it 's enough to encourage singlehood . If it 's a comedy , someone forgot the laughs . So what is it ? A bomb .
 This movie called `` Suburban Girl '' is the worst ... Alec is a stud regardless but ... he plays a very pervy guy ! Sarah Michelle Gellar is horrible also the romantic movie is not that romantic just creepy . it 's like watching my dad -LRB- 49 -RRB- and my step mom -LRB- 33 -RRB- make out !!!! it 's nasty and disturbing . skip it . burn . GET RIDE OF IT !!!!
 Got this as a joke because my wife 's company name is Suburban , so she 's my Suburban girl . The only difference is that we have a far more interesting life than the characters of movie which seems to drag on in parts with bad editing and quickly skips over key points of the plot making for a confusing movie for what is essentially a simple story . BUT , if you are a 30 Rock fan , you may like some of Alec 's acting , for he appears to be the same character to me . If you are an SNL freak , there is one skit on a show he hosted that did not make any sense to me until I saw this movie . It is when during the most mundane tasks , the camera zoomed in on his face with extra lighting around his eyes , trying to make the scene more dramatic , like taking a sip of coffee or something . Well , this movie is chalk full of those scenes , but they 're actually meant to be dramatic ... I am afraid I had no idea who Sarah Gellar was until reading the previous review that she is Buffy the Vampire Killer . Probably not worth renting if you 're a Buffy fan , since there is 0 physical action which I believe is an important part of that series .
 To say that I would * not * recommend this movie to anyone is an understatement . I am normally a big fan of both Sarah Michelle Gellar and Alec Baldwin , and normally love romantic comedies , but was horribly disappointed in this movie . It was such a bad movie that I could n't get myself to watch more than half of the movie -LRB- and my husband left well before that -RRB- . There was nothing funny about the movie -LRB- I did not laugh even once -RRB- , but it was n't really a drama either.When it comes to romance , they also hit a big zero . There was absolutely no chemistry between the two main characters , and , to be quite frank , every attempt at a romantic scene between Sarah Michelle and Alec completely creeped me out . Perhaps if the characters were not so cliche it would have made a difference.As it is , this movie reminds me of something that a 50 + year old man in a mid-life crisis would write to reflect the way he wished the world was really like . My husband 's take was just a bit different . He thinks it was written by a 70 + year old man who was fantasizing about what he wished life was like when he was in his 50s or 60s . In sum , the story line was poor , the characters were shallow and unbelievable , and the movie was just plain creepy -LRB- and not in the good , horror movie kind of creepy -RRB- . Do yourself a favor and watch something else .
 I was actually excited to see this movie , glad that Sarah Michelle Gellar was hitting the big screen once more . I was interested to see her opposite Alec Baldwin . To say this did n't live up to my expectations would be an understatement.Gellar plays Brett , a naive young woman who has dreams of being a big editor . Her boyfriend fled to Europe without her and returns as though nothing has changed . Alec Baldwin is Archie , a suave , successful editor who has issues with alcoholism , along with his young adult daughter.Archie takes Brett under his wing , but the intent is clear -- he wants her . He has photo albums of young women he has dated over the years ... he 's an expert in wooing younger women . He shows this to Brett as if it is a trophy.What I found troubling is that in many parts , Archie is condescending toward his newest girlfriend . He taunts Brett 's use of certain phrases/expressions , edits her as she speaks , and seems more a teacher than a loving companion . He lies to her multiple times , berates her , and repeatedly hurts her in various degrees . I found myself wondering why this was portrayed as a romance . Yes , he does help her in moments , but in those moments his reasons for helping her are to keep hold of the mature young woman now slipping away.I like both actors ... but this was a disappointment .
 The question I keep asking myself about this film is why did I watch the whole thing ? Chalk it up to morbid fascination . The idea of a film about the inner workings of the publishing world is appealing , and Gellar is attractive , but the screenplay just ca n't rise to the challenge . The plot somehow manages to be simultaneously predictable and improbable . The dialogue is pretentious -- suffice to say that for characters who are supposed to be in the upper echelons of New York literati , Baldwin mispronounces the name of the author Borges , on whom he supposedly taught a course , and Gellar mispronounces the name of the artist Renoir . As other reviewers have pointed out , there is zero chemistry between Gellar and the Baldwin character . Disturbingly , I thought there was actually more chemistry between her and the actor who played her father . The most interesting scenes are the fleeting ones between Gellar and her brother , which ring more true than anything else in the film . Also , the actress who plays Gellar 's bimbo lingerie designer friend is a breath of fresh air . The rest , to borrow an expression from a friend who teaches writing , is just `` word salad . ''
 From the beginning i just kept thinking ew ... this is creepy and sick and he just looks WAY too old her for -LRB- and not in a hot wow , hes george clooney , old but good looking kind of way ... in a EW , he could be her father -LSB- esp since there is SO little chemistry between them -RSB- -RRB- . Not funny . slightly depressing and VERY VERY slow . ** i fell asleep during it ** LOVE SMG , but not this movie ! stay away !!
 I am not sure what it is about Sarah Michelle Gellar that has me bewitched . Perhaps it is because her presentation in `` Buffy the Vampire Slayer '' has left a permanent blemish on my psyche . Perhaps it is because I find something compelling about her performances . Perhaps it is the fact that she was born the same year , month and eight days after I. Perhaps it is just because I find her very attractive and on a carnal level I desire her . Regardless of the reason , I have watched many of her movies and television shows . The conclusion I have arrived to is many of the projects she is involved in are hit or miss.So here we have `` Suburban Girl '' , a 2007 romantic-comedy staring Sarah Michelle Gellar and uh ... Alec Baldwin . Before I even watched this movie I felt that this was an odd pair for a love story , but I decided that I was n't going to have a bias and give the movie a fair chance . The plot is Brett -LRB- Sarah Michelle Gellar -RRB- is an assistant book editor in New York City and she is a bit timid and self-conscious but hopeful one day of becoming a full-fledged editor . One day she meets a very well know publisher named Archie Knox -LRB- Alec Baldwin -RRB- , under a rather dubious introduction . To paraphrase , the two use their grounds of the published word to spark a connection and begin a romantic relationship . There are ups and downs , intense feelings and empty promises . Not to mention that Archie is about 20 years older than Brett , this promotes a whole other set of problems.I have to say this movie was flat out deplorable . I hated Archie and Brett and quite honestly did n't care if they stayed together , broke up or dropped dead . There was zero chemistry between Gellar and Baldwin . To be perfectly frank , I am not sure who decided to cast Alec Baldwin , but it was a total party foul . Alec Baldwin about twenty years ago might have worked . When he was more handsome and smooth , Baldwin in the past ten years is only good for crude comedy and commercials . Otherwise he is a shadow of his former self . I do not see Brett going for Archie , with Baldwin in the role . I could see Richard Gere , Brad Pitt , George Clooney or David Duchovny as Archie ... not bloated Alec Baldwin.Another issue with this movie is it really was n't a comedy -LRB- It was actually really depressing -RRB- . Now I do n't need chuckles or `` LOL '' moments in order to enjoy a movie , yet to label this movie as a comedy is false advertising . As a matter of fact , this was a melodrama engulfed with eye rolling dialogue/romance and never ending calamities . With regards to the calamities , it was like the writers just had to keep throwing havoc at the viewers . From Brett 's dizzy ex-boyfriend , Archie 's drinking problem , Brett 's father 's health , and Archie 's ex-girlfriends and is this relationship balanced or is it a teacher/student paradigm . Blah , blah , blah ... I could go on yet there is no point . I have watched some awful movies in my day , films that range from Hollywood Blockbusters to motion pictures that have a backyard production . I can report , in all truth this movie falls into my top ten of worst movies of all time ... and I hated `` The Human Centipede '' . So Sarah Michelle , I still love you , just not some of your career decisions .
 I loved the book and the screenplay did not disappoint , but was deeply disappointed by the casting of Ms. Gellar , who did her best but just could not pull off this character , who is more Carrie Bradshaw than Buffy . To begin with , they dressed her in clothes a la Nancy Botwin in Weeds which are worn by women who look sensual in them -LRB- as does Mary Louise Parker -RRB- , while SMG just looks like a 30 year-old dressing like a 50 year-old -LRB- who claims to be only 22 years old ! -RRB- Then , she is just not convincing as someone who reads all day and fights for authors . The overall effect of the sets , costumes and locations paired to this script and Buffy WAS creepy , as so many other reviewers said . I just hope Melissa Banks made some money off of it , it certainly was n't her fault .
 I admit it . I watched Suburban Girl because of Sarah Michelle Gellar . What can I say ? I love my Buffy . This movie is based on the short stories in The Girl 's Guide to Hunting and Fishing by Melissa Bank . This further increased my interest , as I 've seen the book , but never picked it up . -LRB- The movie has nothing to do with actual hunting or fishing , FYI . -RRB- Gellar is Brett Eisenberg , an editor , trying to work her way up at a NY publishing company , who meets Archie Knox -LRB- Alec Baldwin -RRB- , a much older veteran of the publishing world . Romance ensues and real life tragedies interrupt , making both take watch of their lives . The funniest part about this movie was my boyfriend walking in and wondering who matched up Baldwin as Gellar 's father . Uh , they are supposed to be a couple , yeah , so not believable . If you really love either of them , watch it , other than that save your time and watch Buffy the Vampire Slayer instead . We will all be much happier .
 I would like to add that YES , the novel is great . I hope those who are disappointed by the movie wo n't be dissuaded from checking out the novel , which is wonderfully well written , not fluffy `` lit '' . In fact Melissa Bank 's writing has been compared to John Cheever and she has been described as a descendant of the Hemingway , Raymond Carver school.Also I was surprised and pleased that someone commented that it is a shame that the movie gives the impression that older / younger relationships are doomed from the start . I have been with my husband for fourteen years ; he is significantly older than I am and although there are challenges that come with this -- yes , some power imbalance certainly , and also at times family members have had great difficulty accepting us -- we are none-the-less extremely happy and committed . Even Bank 's novel implies that there must always be a confused girl , messed-up older man dynamic , which I think is an unfortunate caricature.Be it older woman / younger man , or the opposite , I think people should realize they can find happiness through unconventional relationships , and once they do they should n't have to be faced again and again with tiresome , sometimes very nasty stereotypes .
 Suburban Girl overall was ok . It is not a movie that I would personally watch again . Part of it could have been my timing . In the movie Sarah Michelle Gellar 's Character 's father passes away . I watched it the day before Father 's Day and my father passed a few years ago . When I first rented this movie I was under the impression that it was a romantic comedy as well . There was kind of a melancholy feel throughout the whole movie . Another thing that displeased me was the way that a relationship between an older man and younger woman was betrayed . In this movie it made it seem as though that type of relationship was pretty much doomed from the beginning and that is not always the case , granted this is a movie and not real life as well.It is an ok movie to watch but do n't do it on a rainy day .
 First I did not last the entire movieit was just too boring and slow movingI would have only given 1 star but I am surethere are worse movies out there so I was generous
 Sarah plays a book editor who sets her sights on dating the CEO of a publishing company . And that 's pretty much the whole story . The problem with this film is that it has no drama . Most of the first hour is just about the two people dating . The last half hour of the film was a little slow and meandering , before it attempts to put a happy ending on this rather dull and pointless story . I was disappointed and now I know why the film went straight to DVD .
 After watching most of it -LRB- I just could n't force myself to watch the whole thing -RRB- , I sat stumped . How could a movie with charismatic actors -LRB- Alec Baldwin and Sarah Michele Gellar -RRB- based on a great book -LRB- The Girls ' Guide to Hunting and Fishing -RRB- be so bad ? Sure I had a vague thought of did n't this movie go straight to video release ? but I pushed it aside and rented it because the reviews here were mixed and I was a big fan of the book and actors starring in it . How bad could it really be ? The answer is really , REALLY bad . The actors displayed their usual charm but they lacked chemistry together . A bad thing when it 's a romantic comedy . Come to think of it , there was n't much chemistry between any of the actors . Another deal breaker was the lack of a strong daughter/father relationship in the movie . This was key to the story in book form and it did not translate onto screen . In fact , the whole story did n't translate onto screen properly . It missed the whole poignancy of the book , a young woman having to grow up . This film did not engage me in the least and I was looking forward to watching it!This is what stayed with me after viewing - did the actors owe the director , producer or the studio ? otherwise , the editor did a chop job that should seal their fate in the industry - and nothing about the film itself . Potential viewers , that can not be a good sign . Skip the movie version and go buy the book . It 's a great read and you wo n't regret it .
 When I hear that my favorite book , The Girl 's Guide to Hunting and Fishing , was being adapted into a screenplay , I was both curious and excited . The book itself is a collection of short stories that center around the same characters , so it would clearly have been difficult to include everything in the book in a film . The choice to focus on one central story , the romance between the main character -LRB- in the book , she is Janie , in the film , she is Brett -RRB- and the older Archie Knox was perhaps a wise one . The problem , however , was the liberties that were taken with the plot . These stories , if kept as they were , would have panned out much more convincingly and compellingly on screen . Instead , Klein turns a smart book into a dumbed-down romantic comedy . The only remnants of the original book were a few plot points , some character aspects , and some dialogue that is way too intelligent to mesh with the words that were not lifted out-of-context from the original text . I had to wonder if the people who liked this movie ever got the chance to read the book , because I do not see it as being a mistake at all that the film was sent straight to DVD once it was clear that the book had been butchered beyond repair . If you liked it , you may like the book . On the other hand , if you like the dumbed down version so much , the book will likely be over your head .
 The story could have been interesting , but the screenplay was terrible and unrealistic . It was cheesy from the very beginning but I continued to watch , hoping the ending would be good enough to save the film . It did not and was a total disappointment .
 This could have been a good movie , but they wasted time on poor actors , the only good scene was when jades mom passed . I too was hoping the ending would save the movie but it was to far gone . very disappointed
 Not a bad movie necessarily - but quite boring . Definitely a break from his previous movies , I 'd say Larry Clark 's going soft .
 This film was just about kids and loud music . It had none of the emotional content of ` kids ' and the it was not as serene nor dramatic as ` kids ' either.It 's ok to make these street films but you must move on and do other things ... they all become the same movie after a time .
 Anyone who would give this more than three stars either knows the director or is on drugs . This is at least in the top ten worst movies I 've ever seen . And I like the director 's other movies . But its a little much when he 's zooming in on a young boy 's butt while he 's skateboarding . Its a good movie if you want to look at shirtless little boys . Anyone who grew up skating or into punk rock will find parallels to their own life here , but that does n't make it a good movie . All of the guys are very dull . The plot is poorly executed . And I guess the movie tries to make some point about class struggle ??? Overall , it 's just a dumb movie . I doubt this guy 's movies make money anymore ... so he must be rich or just know people . He is probably the guy who fell down the stairs in the Beverly Hills Mansion -LRB- For those who 've struggled through actually seeing the film -RRB- . Do n't waste your time .
 Did someone seriously give this film 5 stars ? You have to be blind , deaf and high on Prozac to think this film was good . I am embarrassed for Larry Clark . This movie makes a Roger Corman flick look like high art . The only thing interesting about this movie was that the kids were not actors , but even then Clark managed to direct them in a way that made them seem like they were acting . I mean , come on , does Clark just get off on showing kids have sex ? This film does n't have one ounce of honesty and reality of the confusion and complexities of teenage sexual experiences.And how many bad caricatures can you put in one film
 There are exactly two funny reasons to fast forward thru the teen-boy crazed director 's latest Wassup Rockers ... and both involve the B-movie/cartoon style deaths of a couple of icky-campy-celebs in tacky-bev-hills . Just do n't expect much else , certainly none in the area of the `` usual '' . Mr. Clark should put that `` artistic '' horndog energy towards a 21Cen film that OUT does the original Penthouse-produced Caligula ... god knows the news is full of stories about teen wolfpacks wrecking havok & partying non-stop . If anyone could pull in major celebs and mix in `` real '' porn , he 's the guy 4 the job . Terry Richardson could co-direct and Tom Ford could produce ... now that would be a HOOT and a sureFIRE hit ! We kinda need something back on screen to WAKE everyone up ... and make them SMILE !
 I like Larry Clark 's idea and the story line , but it was painful to watch these kids `` act '' .
 This movie simply did n't grip me . I watch a lot of Chinese movies , and I 'm well aware of the drama for Chinese living and society - for all the glam that is currently hyped on it now . Yet this movie had nothing to offer , but long silences , slow sequences and an implausible - nearly non-existent ! - story line . Bleak countryside , a sullen protagonist , a desperate heroine all make for 2 hours better spent doing something else . What a disappointment from the director of ` In Love We Trust ' !
 Oh , my aching brain ... with some of the things I subject it to , it 's a wonder it has n't called it quits by now . Most recently I 'm referring to this movie titled The Bog Creatures -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , which someone actually stated that it was the ` scariest movie I 've seen since Ridley Scott 's `` Alien '' ' ... um , what the heck were you smoking , and where can I get some ? Seriously , I think this is a movie that requires some sort of mind altering substances to allow one to sit through it in its entirety and claim it was actually good ... directed by J. Christian Ingvordsen -LRB- Mob War , Cyber Vengeance -RRB- , this Danish production stars a whole bunch of actors I 've never heard of , who have appeared in a whole lot of movies -LRB- direct to video efforts -RRB- I 've never seen ... The film takes place in Denmark , and on the outset we learn the year is 802 AD , location Valborg Castle ... to which we see a bunch of dudes running around , waving shiny weapons , accosting half nekkid babes -LRB- brief boobage included -RRB- ... we later learn these dudes are supposed to be some sort of dark , berserker clan/cult , led by a witchy woman -LRB- oooh , oooh , witchy woman -RRB- , and they are in the process of sacrificing themselves some virgins . Anyway , fast forward 1200 years later and we see a group of American college students types -LRB- 3 guys , 2 girls -RRB- who have supposedly been selected from hundreds of possible candidates , indicating these chosen few were the ` cream ' of the crop , but nothing else indicates that other than that 's what it says in the script -LRB- if these are the best choices , the rest must have been real doozies -RRB- . Okay , so a professor sends them off to a peat bog in an effort to dig up some well-preserved corpses -LRB- we come to find out the deceased residents of the bog are mostly comprised of members of the berserker clan we saw earlier -RRB- . Arriving near their destination , they 're greeted by a heavy set drunken guide in leather pants with what sounds a lot like a Scottish accent -LRB- actually , he reminds me of Willie from The Simpsons , only not as funny -RRB- ... who spews forth an obligatory warning `` Yer all a ginna die ! '' So the groups sets up residence near the castle we saw in the opening of the film , and they begin their excavation , which entails them digging about an inch and a half into the ground before finding some specimens . But wait ... who are those mysterious individuals lurking about ? The ones wearing coats made of moss ? And now the groups guide has disappeared ? And who 's that buxom , frightened babe found wandering the woods ? Perhaps a member of an earlier party ? I actually stopped caring about ten minutes in , and let myself be drawn along like a broken twig on the currents of a mighty river ... a mighty stupid river ... For me trepidation set in pretty early in The Bog Creatures as the berserkers hardly looked as menacing as I think they were intended to be ... actually , they looked more like a bunch of dudes from a local tavern , dressed up in some cheap costumes , and instructed act all bloodthirsty and such ... one issue I have when films try to depicted ancient time periods is often the individuals cast look too well-groomed , too ` fresh ' to be of the era . I 'd hardly expect berserker/Viking types of a period some 1200 years ago to have finely coifed perms and mullets , much less shiny , white teeth ... and that castle , the one that 's been deserted for hundreds of years , looks pretty well preserved , even to the point where it appears recent maintenance had taken place -LRB- the brick and mortar in the large fireplace look suspiciously new -RRB- ... well , turns out these were relatively minor aspects of much worse things to come ... the two , most painful aspects of this film is the acting and the dialog , followed closely by the direction and the story ... I could also throw the smarmy , smart alecky characters on the heap while I am at it , but they were virtually non-existent in the sense they had no ` feel ' to them , no substance . In terms of the acting , one of the things that stood out the most was the nearly complete lack of shock/horror/surprise from the students when the bog creatures became all animated and such , and begin attacking the small group ... I dunno , I see the recently revived dead and I 'm gon na have a brownout in my shorts . The dialog is really awful and seems to indicate whoever wrote it must be an alien unfamiliar with how us humans really speak to each other -LRB- hint , it 's not usually in terms of odd , disconnected statements interspersed with painful bouts of exposition -RRB- . As far as the directing Ingvordsen seems to know how to set up a shot , but not a lot else ... there was absolutely no tension , horror , scares , or anything in that vein to be found in the film ... I was n't expecting a lot , but to be so completely devoid of these elements almost required a thoughtful omission ... and the film drags on and on ... the run time of the film is a thankfully short hour and nearly twenty minutes , but the pacing will give the impression of it being much longer -LRB- things do n't actually get moving until about 45 minutes in -RRB- . Given that this was the director 's 18th film -LRB- or something along those lines -RRB- , I would have thought he would have gotten better by now , that is unless his initial ventures were that much worse than this one , which is pretty hard to believe . The special effects are n't too bad , and someone else mentioned they thought most of the money was probably spent on creating the bog creatures , to which I 'd agree . It 's obvious they did n't have the funds to do a through job on all of the creatures , so only a handful tend to get the up close and personal screen time . As far as the portrayal of the bog creatures , sometimes they were highly animated , and sometimes they lumbered around like the recently revived dead , creaky , rotting joints and all ... pick a path and stick to it ... personally I would have chosen the whole lumbering motif , but certainly not a mixture . You may be asking me about now if there was n't anything I liked about the film ... I thought the females were attractive , and it would have helped if there were more scenes where they were nekkid ... there was one scene when one is giving another a sort of sponge bath , but it 's just a wasted opportunity as there 's no boobage , only cleavage.The fullscreen picture on this DVD looks pretty decent -LRB- it does have that sort of video feel vs. that of film -RRB- , and the audio comes through fairly well most of the time . In terms of special features , there is a ` making of ' featurette , along with a trailer for the film along with ones for three other films in Legend of the Phantom Rider -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , Stricken -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , and Sanitarium -LRB- 2001 -RRB- . Cookieman108
 This review pertains to a straight to video release called `` Bog Creatures '' . Honestly , I knew better than to watch it for some reason , but I thought a stupid grade B horror film could be fun tonight!OY was I wrong!The movie is about some viking warriors that were thrown into a bog , therefore preserving their bodies for thousands of years . Flash forward to the present time . A sexy young group of archeaologists -LRB- sp ? -RRB- are recruited to dig up the preserved bodies from the swamps . Well , you guessed it , the rotting bodies come back to life , rise from the swamps and start stalking and killing the students . Ala a cross between Friday the 13th and a Zombie flick.Sounds good huh?The cover art on the DVD case is awesome , very misleading . This movie is sooo cheaply done , it looks like a camcorder . The acting is sooo bad that one of the students has to swallow a pair of underwear after he is caught sniffing them , this scene is sooo bad it is enough to almost make me turn off the film . There is even a scene where a woodsman is leading the students to their campsite , and he points at it , but even the way he points looks `` acted '' . I wo n't be a total film snob -LRB- hee hee -RRB- , so I can say if I were 10 years old I would have liked this film in the ways I liked `` Saturday The 14th '' and `` Funeral Home '' . The makeup on the Bog creatures themselves looks like the only way the director spent his budget .
 I watched this movie because Courtney Henggler -LRB- Sheldon 's twin sister on Big Bang Theory -RRB- is in it.Probably does n't tell anybody that she was in it ... bad movie !
 Holy crap , I mean seriously , what the hell ? Any time you make a movie , especially one with a budget -LRB- this movie supposedly had one ... -RRB- , you should never walk onto the set and say to yourself , OH MY GOD ... THIS IS GON NA BE THE BEST SHOT IN THE WHOLE MOVIE , maybe once would be understandable , but with every shot ?!?!?!?! These people thought to themselves , you know what ? , that whole pre-production thing is pretty lame and I 'm guessing it 's useless as well , lets skip it and figure out everything on the set . I swear , the movie combined with the documentary on making the movie makes for one the biggest laughs I have ever seen . These people are dead serious too , you could n't write better comedy than what they were so proud of . This movie comes close to matching the level of crapness Lost In Lamancha was able to get to . If you want to see a low budget horror movie , see a low budget horror movie . If you do n't have the time to watch both this movie and its documentary , do n't see it . If you do , see it for the laughs . Never before have I ever wanted to tear the eyeballs out of their sockets and feed them to my dog while playing the fiddle naked on a hot stove , than while I was watching thhis movie . Nuff Said .
 Selected by the world 's most over-acted expert on `` European bogs located somewhere in the Central U.S. '' , a group of college kids go to dig in a field somewhere in Arkansas , I mean , Denmark . Or maybe it was Ireland . Or Sweden . Hell , it does n't really matter because there is n't a bog within 300 miles of this movie . Unless I 'm confused on my history and bog actually means `` small dirt field with a few pine trees and some poorly hung fake moss . `` Rumor has it that Viking warriors were buried in this bog and the expert professor has spent the last 10 years looking for their bodies . All of his colleagues think he is crazy for believing this.Well not only is he crazy , he 's also blind as a bat because these Nordic Zombie Warriors are all over the freakin ' place . Seriously . You ca n't swing a dead cat without hitting an undead Berserker in the wee bits . In any outdoor scene you can be guaranteed there is at least one bog creature hanging out in the background . And our EXPERT ca n't spot one in 10 years?Blah blah blah , terrible acting , 1200 year old undead Irish virgins who comprehend Modern English , witch descendants , THE END .
 There are some people who have not had a problem with this Blu-Ray version - they are the lucky ones . I purchased two of these -LRB- one as a gift -RRB- and once you get past the main Title menu - all the submenus do not work and in fact if you make a selection there you are trapped and the disc freezes . The only way out is to reboot your disc . As one reviewer claims - finding the subtitle menu on the remote provides a subtitle - not on either of mine . I get a message on screen saying no subtitle availble . This is not just unique to one player either , it matters not which device it is played back on . The discs have bad authoring - plain and simple . The manufacturer , Big Home Video , is aware of the problem - I 've certainly sent them enough emails . I 've even included links from a web search on ' 3 idiots blu-ray problem ' all saying exactly what I am experiencing . Big Home Video has to date not acknowledged receipt of or responded to my emails . The Seller I purchased them through here on Amazon , claims this is the first time they have heard of a problem . They did to their credit offer to exchange them for the DVD version - but in PAL format that I can not use.Buyer Beware . Wait until you can purchase the Blu_Ray locally so returns of defective product are no hassle .
 I ca n't believe people are liking this movie ! I have watched many Bollywood movies and this one is by far the worst one . The cinematography is 50 year old , there are hardly any laughs and I thought it was just a stupid movie .
 The movie was great , terrific , in fact , but the DVD would n't play in my DVD player . At first it would n't even play in my computer , but we got it to work . There should be some kind of warning against buying different versions that wo n't play on American equipment .
 I was very unhappy with this purchase . The DVD did not work on any of the 3 DVD players in my house .
 Diamond Dawgs is about what you 'd expect from a straight-to-DVD urban movie . The story is n't especially original , the acting is weak , and the movie looks like it was shot with a digital camcorder . The majority of the actors have only been in a few straight to video movies , and this is the first film debut for all of the car thief actresses . The soundtrack is actually decent , though , with the score ranging from Egyptian tabla to a few hot tracks by the Dogg Pound.The irony of the movie is that the actors with the most film experience , Miguel A. N&uacute; & ntilde ; ez Jr. -LRB- South Central -RRB- and Adam Cardon -LRB- Detective Anderson -RRB- , probably get the least screen time of the major characters . The dialogue was dull , and most of the comedic writing was n't funny . If I had to guess , I 'd say that the movie was financed by a modeling agency that wanted to help launch the careers of some of the women that it represented.The only thing that made the film tolerable was that a number of gorgeous women were cast in the lead roles . Stunning East Indian beauty Avnit Arora plays Kali , the hard-talking member of the crew . Curvy Korrina Rico is cast as shotgun-toting Sneaky , and the lovely Azur-De Johnson plays love interest to one of the crew 's robbery victims . This is the first real film for any of these models , so it 's obviously too early to judge them on their acting . If there was a benefit to the movie , it 's that I 'm now aware of these incredible looking models , and can follow their careers.Beyond the models , I really did n't find this movie entertaining , but that 's my opinion . Give it a rent , and decide for yourself if it 's worth adding to your collection .
 A couple of reasons why I did n't like this project : a -RRB- Monique tends to tell the same jokes in all of her routines . These women have been locked up for many years , many are never getting out . I thought that they -LRB- and those who support Monique -RRB- deserved a better show.b -RRB- Too much profanity . She is already a funny lady . Lazy people , however , lean on profanity when creativity is lacking -LRB- see above -RRB- . I know for a fact that she could have done better . She is n't a lazy woman by any means , but it is painfully evident that she was n't motivated here.What I loved about this project , however , was the interviews she had with some of the inmates , and that rousing encore song by one of the female prisoners at the end . She had everyone crying -LRB- including me ! -RRB- . I hope that Monique kept her promise to that young lady long after the cameras stopped rolling . For these reasons alone , I gave two stars .
 I only gave this VIDEO one star , but I 'd give the FILM 4 stars . I really like this film , in spite of some of the implausable ideas like a single person being able to arm our nuclear arsenal . However , this particular video being sold -LRB- which I bought and have just now viewed -RRB- is MASSACRED ! It looks & sounds like someone set up a camcorder in their living room & taped the movie off their TV . The sound is TERRIBLE , the framing cuts off any captions & subtitles , and , to add insult to injury , they CUT OUT the last 10 minutes of the film showing the journey back to the survivors in Antartica -- it ends with the world being destroyed by the nuclear explosions ! Shame on whoever did this ! Now I have to go try to buy a used Beta machine on eBay so I can watch my old Beta tape of this movie !
 The film is a lot of fun , but the DVD is beyond terrible . It looks and sounds as if someone projected it onto a wall and shot that image off the wall for this DVD . Horrible , horrible quality !!! Not even worth the $ .78 that it 's selling for used . The producers of this garbage DVD should be ashamed of themselves . They 're obviously trying to make a quick buck with no regard whatsoever for quality .
 This was a long movie so maybe they cut it for that reason . The ending is important and it is gone ! YOu can watch this on Pub-D-Dub with reasonable video quality and the subtitles for free if you have a Roku or similar .
 This was a slow movie and very predictable and the acting for popular stars was some what disapointing .
 Beware ! The Blob -LRB- Larry Hagman , 1972 -RRB- I was jaded very , very early . I used to boast to my grade-school pals that I could eat ham sandwiches while watching The Exorcist . -LRB- Remember , kiddies , when I was in grade school , The Exorcist was still in theaters . -RRB- Movies just do n't scare me . With , that is , a few notable , and mostly entirely unjustifiable , exceptions . Beware ! The Blob is one of those . I did n't sleep voluntarily for months after I first saw this movie on the Friday late-night creature feature . To this day , I have no idea what it was that scared the tar out of me so badly thirty years ago . Now it 's a whole other story ; Dick van Patten 's acting is a large part of it , to be sure.The story
 The Bottom Line : An awful movie whose terrible production values preclude a `` so bad it 's good '' effect , Beware ! The Blob ! has nothing going for it whatsoever and should be avoided by any and all potential watchers .
 Upon purchasing and seeing this movie , we now know the real reason `` J.R. '' was shot . It relieved the world of more Larry Hagman directed films . Carol Lynley was the only real actor in the film.Spend your money on a large box of popcorn and large soda at your local theater.I gave it one star as this was the minimum the review box would accept . Proper rating would be a minus-5 -LRB- scale of 5 -RRB- .
 I always liked the original Blob with Steve McQueen , so I was curious about this movie . This movie is just one big schlockorama . From the pathetic plot , the lousy acting , the crummy directing , to the cheesy music , it was pretty painful viewing throughout . I do realize this was sort of a comedy homage to the original , but knowing that did n't help much . I will say that the special effects were okay , the blob oozing here and there , consuming everything in it 's path . By halfway through the movie , I was rooting for the blob to eat everyone , including those responsible for making the movie . Some parts were fun , and I liked the guy who owned the bowling alley , as he was such a square and had some funny moments . I also liked the guy at the beginning of the movie . He had a few funny parts , like when he was drinking beer , a lot of beer , and decided to make use of a common household object to assist him in consuming mass quantities of beer . These brief moments of mirth could n't really carry the movie , though . Everything about this movie seemed thrown together , and then it was thrown at the unsuspecting public . As bad as this movie was , it was also sort of fun and hokey . And maybe I missed it , but I did n't see what happened to Dick Van Patten ... he played a really annoying scoutmaster of a boyscout troop , and we did find out later in the movie that he got consumed by the blob at some point , but I did n't see it . I was sorry I missed that , but I am afraid to watch the movie again to look for that part . Too much cheese can be a bad thing . So , when watching this movie , just sit back and try not to think too much . Just let it ooze over you .
 Though advertised on the back of the box art as a `` sequel '' to the 1958 film The Blob , this film is in no way a sequel but esentually a remake . Beware ! The Blob is as much a sequel to the original Blob as the 1978 remake of Invasion of the Body Snatchers is to the original . There is no mention of the events of the original film what-so-ever . Now that we got that out of the way lets talk about Beware ! The Blob . The premise of a 70 's remake of the original sounds exciting , but sadly this film does not live up to expectations . First off Beware ! The Blob is terribly shot and directed. , which hence gives the film a very amaturish feel . Many of the pull back camera shots are shaky and there seems to be no flair in Larry Hageman 's direction . The story also has its problems . First of all is how the Blob is brought into the story . Some man in the begining that is a geologist -LRB- though this character definitly does not fit the role -LRB- supposidly finds a `` sample '' his crew dug up in the ground and stores it in his freezer . Naturally it thaws and the `` blob '' is unleashed The problem is that no hwere in teh story is there talk of it being `` alien '' or `` human made '' like in the other two fersions of the film -LRB- One in 1958 and 1988 -RRB- . The blob is just there ! The story also has many useless moments and senarios . Take the boy scout senerio for instance . There is no point to these scenes with the boy scouts outher than to fill up time . Also many of hte characters just stupidly throw themselvesat the blob . One cop shoots , try 's to flee , falls , then is eaten . One guy even has the gale to drive his car into the blob even when he ovviously sees it from a far away distance . These characters drove me nuts !! Director Larry Hagman also does n't know whether to treat this as a straight horror film or a spoof of the genre . Htere are many scenes that are scary and suspensful -LRB- such as when the blob covers a car with occumpents trapped inside -RRB- but there are also many scenes of shear campyness that throws the movie off balence . hte music score was also quit terrible and actually ruins what are supposed to be suspensful scenes . The special effects ae n't too bad , especially for the time , but many of them are quite outdated . This film is also not aided by the numerous bad titles it is under . Beware ! The Blob ... come on . This was also released as Son of Blob -LRB- that was the title of it when I first saw it -RRB- , which is actually worse than the title Beware ! The Blob . If you liked the original Blob , you might want to tcheck this film out just for kicks by renting it or buying it real cheap . Otherwise your best bet is to go for the 1988 remake .
 The Blob 3 is rubbish , it 's about a group of people who see a comet land in their hometown and find out it 's a red ball of goo that eats people.The first person you see die is an old lady who sees it crawl up her leg and then a dog who eats it and grown bigger.The dog terrorises the town and eats anything it sees.DO NOT SEE THIS FILM .
 This completely unnecessary sequel has all of the trappings of a lame made-for-TV B-movie with none of the same campy fun of the original . The last remaining specimen of the gooey monstrosity is released by a clumsy researcher in her suburban home , where The Blob begins to consume everything around it as it reconstitutes into its former size ! In order to achieve this effect , the filmmakers apparently had to buy out all of the remaining Jell-O molds in town , since the creature is no more convincing than the giggly dessert gone mad . As the plot meanders around aimlessly in the wake of the creature 's destructive path , the audience is left guessing who it is exactly that they are supposed to be following , since the film cycles through no less than three sets of lead characters before settling on two incompetent teens . Using stock characters , empty dialog , and a regurgitated plot in order to resuscitate the creature fails to breath new life in to the series , and BEWARE proves to be an utter failure within the opening moments of the film.-Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
 Buyer beware , this is only a 23 minute promotional video for a festival that took place 4 years ago . $ 15.99 is pretty darn costly for such a short video.Gothicfest is basically -LRB- 1 -RRB- full length SLICK IDIOT performance and -LRB- 1 -RRB- full length HANZEL UND GRETYL performance ... with a few brief interviews and behind-the-scenes footage.Since my name is plastered all over this release , I feel that I have the right to let my feelings known.I believe the majority of this footage has been on YouTube -LRB- for free -RRB- since 2006 . So please do not blame me if you feel `` ripped-off '' .
 This looks like a transfer to DVD from a blurry VHS EP mode source . The picture quality detracted from the total enjoyment of the feature . The sound was also flat . You can only improve the film quality a tiny notch inspite of all the adjustment you make on the TV set . But since this is the only one available on DVD for this Rex Allen film , I suggest you get it . Very atypical of Alpha to come up with a release of this quality .
 I was really enjoying this movie , then the dvd ended before the finish of the picture . The last eight minutes of the movie are missing from this dvd . Do not buy this dvd .
 i would give this film zero stars , but it wo n't let me.this is a realist film . it 's long , and it 's boring . not that i hate realist films . but this one is predictable , and i was waiting the whole time for the end to come . i guess i 'm just unsympathetic to what others called `` insight to the human condition . '' just because others consider this a classic , does n't mean you have to .
 This 1953 film is absolutely one of the most boring movies of all time . Admittedly I 'm not a real film critic , and I often look for entertainment in a film , but I do like independent and foreign films a lot because they often provide a more humanistic perspective than the junk out of Hollywood where producers care nothing for you and me but only big bucks . But to call `` Tokyo Story '' one of the best films of all time is a total insult to the many , many much , much better movies and filmmakers out there . The story can touch the human heart , but the presentation is excruciatingly slow and boring and you 'll feel like pulling your hair out after the first 20 minutes . In the end it just feels pretentious . A much better Japanese movie from that era was this one about the Hiroshima atomic bomb . This , on the other hand , is a torture to watch and only appeals to a limited audience .
 What do you think is going to happen when a naive college student becomes penpals with a man who raped and killed 33 young men and is awaiting his own execution?John Gacy was disturbed , and his crimes were disturbing . But , what 's equally disturbing is that we have a prison system that allows people to establish social and even romantic relationships with death row convicts.The marketing of this movie was an epic failure . In the description , the company claims Gacy was `` America 's most notorious mass murderer . '' This is , of course , false for two reasons
 The DVD `` WWE
 I assume that all these glowing reviews are for a DVD version of `` A Fool There Was '' other than the Alpha version . This review is for the version released by Alpha . First of all , the DVD gets a one star rating just for the nice design of the DVD case . The film inside the DVD case is another story . It is dark , blurry , murky , and darn near unwatchable . I spent about five minutes trying to watch this film and finally gave up . So save your hard-earned bucks and spend it on `` A Fool There Was '' produced by Kino or some other company .
 This movie was not very good . It 's a shame because I do think it had potential . I think that a different cast would have made it a decent movie .
 Judge Josh Rode , DVD Verdict -- It is quite fitting that One Night in Turin is about football -LRB- note to Americans
 I 'm a hardcore fan , but I was Immensely disappointed with this season . DO NOT waste your money on this garbage ! The price is fine as usual on Amazon , but it 's the product that sucks ! Staya away ! You have 5 other good seasons to see .
 I THINK KIEFER IS GREAT AS WELL AS ' 24 ' OF COURSE . I THINK THIS IS A GREAT SHOW UP UNTIL SEASON SIX SORRY TO SAY . THEY BETTER START DOING SOMETHING DIFFERENT OR THEY 'RE NOT GOING TO LAST . THE FIRST THING THEY SHOULD DO IS GET OUT OF CALIFORNIA . THE PLACE HAS NO CHARACTER . BEAUTIFUL ? YES . CHARACTER ? NO ! THEY SHOULD START FILMING IN NEW YORK OR CHICAGO . I 'M TELLING YOU THE TRUTH .
 Ordered this on Oct 26th and to date still have not received.Tryed emailing seller and received no response . Would not suggest purchasing from this seller
 What would I have wanted to know before I purchased the product ? Perhaps that I was never going to receive the product in the first place !!! Still no season 6 of 24 and no refund either . Seller does not reply.Will never use Amazon.com again . I learned my lesson.Joyce Harris
 Season 1 was very good , and Seasons 2-5 were solid gold thru-out -- the best contemporary television has to offer in drama , engrossing plot , characters you care about and truly unprecedented addictive powers -- and I give 5-stars to each of them . That said , Season 6 was so misconceived it hurt to watch.My theory is that the producers ' time/talent was unfortunately divided between Season 6 and prepping for the 24 feature movie , which was said to have completed script as early last summer . Also , CTU -- as cool as that setting is -- had probably out-lived its potential as a place for set up big chunks of story . It peaked in `` Day 5 '' with the incredible poison gas sequences.I fear the '07 Writers Guild strike might prove to be a death blow to 24 -- since `` Day 7 '' has been officially postponed to -LRB- probably -RRB- 2009 . I hope this changes , but to date , it seems clear we will not see `` Day 7 '' in 2008 . But if 24 `` Day 7 '' rebounds to its former standards , there 'll be no fan happier than I. -LRB- ... right now I am really resisting an urge to cave in and buy `` Day 6 '' , but ultimately I know better than to revisit that truly saddening disaster . I 'll put `` Day 3 '' on instead -RRB- .
 BEWARE OF MULTIPLE SPOILERS ! I was looking forward to season 6 in order to see if the widely known dissappointment of fans was justified . For the first 4 discs -LRB- 16 episodes -RRB- I really thought fans were being too harsh even though the whole Bauer family history is preposterous and stupid . After finally watching the last 8 episodes I finally understood the anger
 What was beginning in season four continues
 First of all , ignore any review from prior to 5/21 , because 5/21 is when the season was over and it took a substantial turn for the worse about 6-8 hours prior to its completion -LRB- early April of its TV showing -RRB- . I have watched all seasons of 24 and this is the worst one . It actually started well but it basically finished about 3/4 of the way through and then , inexplicably -LRB- actually not so inexplicable ; there were still 6 or so hours left -RRB- , went on some almost totally unrelated tangent . I am sure that the writers simply did not realize that they were running out of script , finished at around hour 18 and then asked themselves `` Now what ?! '' and sadly came up with another 6 episodes to throw on the TV . There is a weak relation between `` Chapters 1 and 2 '' and chapter 2 -LRB- what I consider the last quarter of the season -RRB- is hyperbolic , ludicrous , and just silly.I would recommend people either finish this season when the primary catastrophe is averted or simply not watch it at all . I know I will not watch next season . I 've had quite enough of 24 now , and apparently the writers have , too . Time to put this old horse down .
 Oy Vey . This season sucks . I mean , my God does this season suck . This is n't just my opinion , the writers of this season have gone on record calling this one the weakest of them all . Why ? The story . It 's bad.I 'd complain about the recycled plots , but everyone else is doing that , so I 'm going to complain about something else . This season rambles . Like an out of control train , it goes off the rails and crashes by the end . The plot , villain , and goals change at least five times . The first plot involves Abu Fayed , a terrorist who has five Russian Suitecase Nukes , and sets one of them off in LA. . The story is to get him ... for about five episodes . Then it turns out that Grahem Bower , Jacks ' brother , is Fayed 's boss and the goal is to now find out information from Grahem . Then Grahem dies , and the goal is again to get Fayed . Except Fayed is a red herring , and the real villain is a Russian general named Gredenko . Jack and CTU retrieve the nukes , only to be attacked by the Chinese -LRB- yes really , it 's as random as it sounds -RRB- . The Chinese attempt to steal this one computer chip from the suitcase nukes , and the goal of the plot is to now protect the chip . Then the Chinese goverment calls Jack , tells him they 've kidnapped Audrey , and to exchange the chip for her -LRB- I 'd tell them to keep Aurdrey -RRB- . So now the goal is to retrieve Audrey from China -LRB- remember when nuclear weapons were involved ? -RRB- . Then they get Audrey back , only to discover Jack 's mustache twirling villain of a father , Phillip has kidnapped Grahems interbred looking son Josh and is holding him hostage on an oil rig -LRB- Yes REALLY -RRB- . The goal of the story is to now save Josh , which is what ends the season.I 'm dead serious . Five villains . Six plots , stupid rambling crap . It all goes ` round in circles , and feels like a waste of time . Jack is irrelevant largely , he barely talks and since this was at the height of Kieffer 's drug usage , he 's practically a zombie . The new characters they introduce are either racist -LRB- Mike Doyle -RRB- , or boring -LRB- Nadia -RRB- . Nadia , oh God let me comment on Nadia.If you know anything about 24 , you know Muslims do n't get the best treatment , so it was decided to add a Muslim character to the cast . Nadia was that character ! And she was as dry and lifeless as the desert . Nadia worked at CTU doing ... something , it 's implied she has Bill 's job , except Bill is still at CTU . Anyways , Nadia does nothing . At all . She does n't add to the plot , she does n't have an interesting story , she does n't even give exposition ! Nadia contributed a love triangle , because God knows what 24 was missing was a love triangle . Why two men would fight over such a boring woman is never explained.Anyway , you 've got bad acting , dull characters , and a story that is so random , the producers decided to plan out all of Day 7 before it went into production . It 's a mess of a season . Avoid it and go on to the awesome Season 7 instead .
 24 Season Six is not as good as the other seasons . I guess the producers got lost on the track . I felt this one is more violent and senseless , and by the end I can tell they are thinking about Season Seven , but I do n't !
 There are many things wrong with this season , the weak cast/characters being among them . You have to remember , one thing that made this show great the first 5 seasons is that although it was not completely realistic , it did have some sort of realism . All of that was destroyed in season 6 . *** REST OF REVIEW IS SPOILER *** Before season 6 came out , I was hoping they would n't be so stupid as to make Jack 's arrival from the prison camp occur during the same 24 hour period that he is supposed to be running around stopping terrorists . Jack should have needed weeks if not months to recover from almost 2 years or so in a chinese prison camp.When Buchanan first saw Jack come off of the helicopter , he told CTU `` he 's worse than I thought '' . Jack could barely speak . Within 2 hours he 's running around fine screaming at the top of his lungs . You also notice that Jack is in tremendous physical shape . What was this prison camp , the chinese fitness prison camp ? This terrible oversight was not within the standards of realism that 24 had established the first 5 seasons.Early in the season , a terrorist plunges a sharp object into the nerve bundles near Jack 's collar bone . 2 or 3 hours later , Jack is able to pull himself up with both arms and kick a terrorist out of a train window ; he does this without so much as a grimace . Again , this is far outside of the scope of realism that was established throughout the first 5 seasons of 24 . The actor who played Wayne Palmer did not develop into the role of President until near the midpoint of the season . For the first 8 or so episodes , he is by far the weakest president 24 had ever seen . He begins to seem more presidential as the season goes on . Buchanan is a bore in this season , as is Karen Hayes . The Nadia character , although very nice on the eyes , seems to suck the life out of every scene with her sub-mediocre acting combined with the sub-mediocre story-line supplied to her.My next point here could have been my only point and still have proven that this season was crapola . There is a scene in season 1 where one of David Palmer 's aides has to fool Alexis Drazen in the hotel room . The EXACT same situation was redone with even similar dialogue towards the end of season 6 . That is truly pathetic . 24 sometimes reuses similar storylines , but makes it different enough to be passable ; not this time.Just before I was ready to finish this post , I remembered something else . Graham Bauer says that Terri Bauer died 7 years ago , yet , if you follow the 24 timeline , many years more than 7 have passed between season 's 1 and 6 ; more awful writing.You have to understand , this show was a certain amount real from seasons 1-5 . Once a show establishes a realm of reality , it needs to stay consistent within itself . 24 unfortunately fails to do this in season 6 . If you are not familiar with the show , you may love this season . There is a block of some great episodes around the time that Logan appears.If you 're new to 24 , watch seasons 1-8 , but exclude this season . It is useless in regards to the series ' storyline .
 I bought the Six Season , and painfully made it through it . I know , why watch it ? Because I have been watching it from the beginning and had hope that it would get better . Some of the stuff is getting old ... always having a traitor or accused traitor inside CTU , interrogations are always the same , and stuff that is just not believable and way too much backstabbing . And that little grunt noise that Sutherland does , is that part of his character or just him ?
 WHAT A WASTE ! It 's the same scenerio ... thank you Jack for saving the world a-g-a-i-n -LRB- moan -RRB- . It 's worth renting , and I wish I would have . The only thing I thought this season would be good for would be some sort of drinking game . One shot every time you hear `` Jack Bauer . '' Sigh . Those college days ... I 'm dissapointed , but what can ya do ?
 I received my season 6 in loosly wrapped plastic paper . I am not pleased that a box was NOT RECEIVED . I am a collector of the 24 series and will NOT use this company again.John B. Mason III
 I have been watching `` 24 '' on dvd for a couple of years now . I never did see it `` first run '' on fox ? I truly enjoyed seasons one through five ... I would have difficulty in narrowing down my FAVORITE season ?? BUT ... Season Six ??? WHAT HAPPENED ?? I had a tough time getting through it ? Not enough Jack ?? -LRB- where was he ? -RRB- The plot `` turns ' just not interesting ... found myself -LRB- sadly -RRB- falling asleep ... no matter , I still LOVE `` 24 '' ... and Jack ... I am looking forward to season 7 ... there 's no way it could be as dissapointing as this !
 I love 24 , but season 6 is my least favorite . There were so many parts of this story , and characters that I did not enjoy . So glad the other seasons did not make me feel this way .
 24 fans -LRB- like myself -RRB- will watch Season 6 , for better or for worse , just for the heck of it . For newbies , I recommend Seasons 1-3 . They remain , the outstanding seasons of the series . Season 7 sounds like it might be better . I hope so , since the word on the street is that there were major rewrites . Looking forward to it .
 *** SPOILER WARNING *** Overall , this season of `` 24 '' was a huge disappointment . Of course the special effects and stunts were still great , but that is not why I have watched `` 24 '' . I watch `` 24 '' for the plot and for Jack to get the bad guys . On both counts , this season left me empty.I 'd classify the problems with this season into plot cogency and world view . In terms of plot cogency , the holes in the plot were just too many and too stark to not undermine enjoyment of the whole season . Of course , you have to suspend disbelief when watching a show like `` 24 '' , but only to a point . Just as a good illusionist uses artifice to divert attention so one can enjoy the trick , the writers of `` 24 '' should have taken more care to make the necessary artificial plot elements less salient . One example was very early in the day when Jack manages to escape from the torture/death chamber of Fayed . This chamber is somewhere in Southern California , and Jack knows this . After he gets out of that building complex , he breaks into a car and calls Bill at CTU . At this point , Jack knows rather precisely the likely location of Fayed -LRB- i.e. , in proximity to where Jack is at that moment , which he would either recognize from landmarks or would be identifiable via any number of other methods , e.g. , cellphone signal -RRB- . But instead , Jack and Bill act like there is no useful information as to where Fayed is and say as much . Much of the plot that follows concerns desparate attempts to get some information , any information , on where Fayed might be . This was risible , and a huge mistake in the writing . A second huge plot gaff was that anyone , Jack included , would be able to manage a `` day '' after 2 years of cruel imprisonment , torture , and deprivation , which would have clearly broken his body utterly as well as his mind . Just think of having the Americans who were imprisoned by the Iranians for 444 days run a half-marathon on the day they were released , or having John McCain swim a mile immediately after his P.O.W. experience came to an end.In terms of world view , what can I say , I think the writers of `` 24 '' indulged in an absolutely ridiculous New York Times/Obama fantasy in which Muslims can be brought to the `` negotiation table '' . Anyone who understands anything about jihad knows that this is an oxymoron
 Just finished watching season 6 on DVD . -LRB- I live in Europe and it has been out a few weeks already -RRB- Dumbest ideas ever in 24 . Fox should definetely fire the writers ! There got to be more qualified people out there?Don ` t buy it . Rather buy season 5 -LRB- which was great -RRB-
 I have gotten each season of 24 for CHRISTmas the last few years , but this year will be different . As others have stated , season five was just about the best of 24 's previous 5 seasons . With high hopes abound , season six was a huge disappointment for several reasons . Jack as a badarse just is n't believable anymore . Sutherland has never been buff daddy but its like he went on nutrisystem for this season . Alright ... alright ... I know he was in a Chinese prison , so maybe he did it for the role , but I just do n't believe or by in to him being a bad dude anymore . Thats a small thing for me , but still a factor . Secondly ; almost all the characters that we loved and cared about are gone with the exception of Rush Limbaugh 's secret love Chloe . She 's the only one left , and the new characters do n't grip you enough to care about them . Then on top of that Jack kills his only real friend left in the world to help a terrorist ! That is just too much ! Story lines were often slow moving and frankly boring . I dvr the show because I work third shift , and I found myself skipping thru much of the show . I 'd say over half the show is just boring chatter that does n't grip you at all . Now we have Jack 's Dad as a traitor ? Geeze ... what 's next his Mother will be a secret terrorist or agent and not really dead ? This is getting old stupid and boring writers . Is Vince Flynn still writing for the show ? If so then please ditch him , if not then please bring him back ASAP ! He 's my favorite writer and I own all his books , so I ca n't imagine him writing for this crappy arse season . There simply were n't enough of Jack being Jack and all the folks I care about are gone . I ca n't believe season 7 will be any better , but I hope they go out in style . I wo n't pick up this season , until I can buy it cheap . It 's not worth the full price at the moment . This season was so under the bar that this dvd set wo n't be under my Christmas tree this season .
 OK we get it . LA is the only place terrorists care about , blah blah blah , The twists are mostly predictable , the good characters remain good but the others are getting hard to take . The suspension of disbelief necessary here is almost off the charts - even for this show . Like for example , Jack would be the last person ever to keep any security clearance given his ... connections . That is all that I will say . Season 7 better be very good or its time to move on.Or , as my son said , a `` disgusting waste of my life . ''
 How bored and disappointed was I with Season 6 ??? So much so that I did n't watch the season finale . I 've been an avid fan of 24 since season 1 . I even went out of my way to spread the good news of Jack Bauer to friends and family . Only to be embarrased by this season . I really do hope that next season is better . But I agree with one of the other comments . Everyone that Jack relied on are basically dead , except for annoying Chloe.And WHAT was the deal with bringing the Logans back ??? Is Charles dead , did she get put into a mental institution , did Aaron go back to work for the president ??? What happened with the people that were exposed to the radiation ??? All I can honestly say is that I hope that Season 7 is good and Season 8 should be kick a ** and should DEFINITELY be the last season .
 First , like many of you , I 've been a big fan of 24 for a long time . Days 1 and 2 were some of the greatest tv seasons ever , and even on day 5 killing so many important characters the writers of 24 found a way to continue with the show . But now without Tony and just almost nothing to make new , the show has gone old . Please kill Bauer , so we remember only the good days !
 The first season of 24 was very manipulative , but that manipulation was so skillful that the viewer did n't mind . I had never before watched a TV show that got me as emotionally worked up , waiting for the next episode to continue the story.Whereas season one strained credibility , season six took credibility out in the alley , beat it senseless , and then shot it in the head -- which sounds like something Jack Bauer would do.For me the show started to become almost laughably bad by the second half of the season . I felt that the characters had become cartoons , fumbling their way through ridiculously contrived new plot developments to fill out 24 shows.My friend still wants to see this season against my advice . I will give him my broadcast TV recordings of season six to watch , but I do n't believe the DVD set is worthy of a purchase . I give two stars because there are isolated parts of the show that are satisfying . Unfortunately the plot was unable to integrate those occasional good pieces into a coherent whole .
 I was so dissappointed when i notice that there were two disc missing from this package . Maybe it was an oversight on my part . but the seller should have put this in big bold letters that they did not have all of the discs to season six !!! Now i have to either return the package -LRB- which is a cost to me -RRB- and/or buy another set of season six . Buyers be ware !
 Disc 2 was damaged and we were unable to watch parts of the movie . The seller disclosed there were scratches but that they did n't impair being able to watch the DVD .
 24 is awesome . Buy season six anywhere but on amazon unless you want to spend twice as much as you need to .
 This season of 24 started out very strongly with suspense at every turn . By a little past mid-season the writing -LRB- and many of the performances -RRB- completely fell apart .
 This season was such a disappointment .1 . Why is Wayne Palmer the President of the United States ? It does not compute , makes ZERO sense , and was a stupid move . Wayne was not even a compelling character - watching him during his coma scenes was hardly different than when he was `` on the job '' as President . The best part of Wayne 's Presidency was his evil Vice President Noah . He was awesome ! 2 . What ever happened to Charles Logan ? Did Martha kill him ? Did he survive ? Will he be back ? 3 . Who thought it was a good idea to kill Tony ? With Tony 's supposed death , a big part of why I love 24 died . I know that Tony may NOT be dead , since he did n't get the Silent Clock at the end of the episode ... please , let it be so .4 . Why did Jack have to KILL Curtis ? Are you telling me that he could n't have just shot him in the arm or in the thigh ? 5 . The entire twisted plot with Jack 's family was bizarre and unsatisfying.I admit , I spent most of the season reading Dave Barry 's real-time 24 blog while the show was on . It was much more interesting and exciting . I think the blog readers should write the next season . Something happened after the first four hours - which were , by the way , excellent - I could suspend my disbelief at Jack 's superb physical condition after being in a Chinese prison . It seemed like the writers ran out of creative energy after hour four.Here 's hoping season seven is an improvement . I have heard some rumors about certain characters returning , and I hope they 're true - otherwise , 24 will definitely have jumped the shark for me .
 The end of season five hinted that Jack would have to bust his way out of China . After a season that topped all others , and after a presidential betrayal , where else could they go , but someplace completely new?Instead they decided to play it cheap production-wise and simply resorted to tricks for tricks sake . It seemed like every two weeks , they trotted out a new -LRB- old -RRB- story line , hoping something would click , and when it did n't they killed some characters . A lot of the storylines went nowhere and were soon forgotten like so many Mexican drug cartels . This show is over . The shark has been jumped , but not before being tortured tooth by tooth for 24 toothless episodes .
 Season 5 was by most accounts a pretty great season of 24 . I 'm not sure I personally agree it was the show 's best , because it was in season 5 where the show began to revisit a few old themes and feel a little slow in the middle of the season . By and large though , there were enough interesting storylines and great acting to make up for whatever faults it might have had.Season 6 , however , is another story altogether . By the time Season 6 began , the show had a reached a point where it was suffering from `` overkill . '' Other than Jack himself -LRB- and Chloe -RRB- , most of the most popular characters -LRB- David Palmer , Tony Almeida , Michelle Dessler , Nina Myers , etc. -RRB- had already been killed off . One of the things that had made 24 great was that the show was willing to do away with anyone at anytime . It made the show unpredictable and rivoting . However , introducing new characters with no real ties to Jack does n't have quite the same impact . Sure , Bill Buchanon is an all-right guy , but we all know he 's just going to die anyway . Does anyone really care anymore ? He 's just another body in a large count at this point.This is one major problem the show faced at the beginning of season six . Nonetheless , the show had a lot of promise in the beginning . Jack -LRB- Kiefer Sutherland , still brilliant albeit not given the chance to shine as much this season due to weak material -RRB- had just been released by the Chinese and seemed beaten down and unable to be the hero he 'd always been . By the end of the show 's fourth hour , The United States faces a horrid attack that bring Bauer out of this weakened state . Unfortunately , it also marks the point where this season begins to suck.The new Jack was n't the heroic powerhouse the old Jack had been , but this was an interesting character development . Soon enough , Jack is just the same old Jack doing the same old things we 've always seen him do . Old Plotlines are repeated throughout the season including trying to remove the President from power , a mole in CTU who is n't really a mole , etc. . All of these ideas were great the first time we saw them , but it 's just getting old at this point . One of the greatest things about 24 was its ability to reinvent itself each season , but it just is n't enough of a reinvention anymore . And when we are offered new things -LRB- such as an introduction to the rest of the Bauer clan -RRB- , it just comes off lame.By the middle of the season , I was actually falling asleep in the middle of 24 episodes . That 's never a good sign . Fans urged me to keep my head up , assuring me there would be a twist coming that would make all the weak episodes worth while . Well ... that amazing twist never came . The show is coming back for a seventh season , but I just think this is a show that would have been better served to quit while it was ahead . Anyway , as much as people might hate me for saying so , I think this is a good season to skip altogether . The show 's legacy will really be judged by its first five great seasons , and it 's at that point now that some shows get to -LRB- The X-Files , for instance -RRB- where the best is over but they continue onward nonetheless . At least I still have LOST .
 I own all 1-5 seasons and love all of them very dearly . Obviously , I could n't wait to own the 6th season . Sigh ... Whoever wrote this season did a very very bad job . I could predict everything , every line , who was guilty , who will do this and that . Also , lines were so cheesy that I could not believe ! Usually , I watch this show for 24 hours without sleeping because I ca n't wait to see what happened after . But 6th season took me over a week to finish because it bored me so much . I only finished it just for the sake of finishing it . I do n't know if I should wait for the 7th season now . Very disappointed . But I 'll recommend the previous 5 seasons to everyone . Just do n't buy the 6th season . Not worth it .
 First off
 This season of 24 left me changing my mind every other week a new episode aired . The 1st 4 episodes ok . They had the right amount of action with a mixture of suspense . Only 2 problems with them .1 -RRB- The whole thing where Jack was going to sacrifice himself
 Is this important ? I 've got a lot on my plate right now . I 'm going to suggest to CTU , homeland security and the secret service to ban inter departmental relationships - they just do n't work . Oooh the evil arch enemy brother - so shakespearian . What a twist to have someone on the white house staff wearing a black hat and working against the president . Did not see that coming . Someone needs to introduce JB to the variable speed drill . We now have different settings available to us to apply to different situations . Similarly today 's actor does n't have to be either calm or screaming - he/she can use degrees of emotion . The season is worth watching just for the delivery of the image enhancement scene `` borrowed '' from `` no way out '' . Sure dad you can pick thru your sons belongings at CTU unsupervised-heck leads shmeads we 'll even turn off the cameras so we wo n't see you erasing phone numbers . What 's up with the Palmer presidencies ? They both somehow manage to select a cabinet that is diametrically opposed to their own politics and philosophies . How the hell does CTU pull up the plans for any given house in LA ? Is this the Matrix ? What happened to the nuclear fallout in Valencia ? For a guy who just spent 2 years in a Chinese prison to repeat another assault on a foreign consulate during his first few hours back on home soil is a wee bit far fetched , but the fact that he could , immediately after torturing the console , convince a soviet lackey to do his bidding is a complete sham . Rickey Shroder 's mini jack does n't exactly inspire , but it 's good to see everyone still questioning chain of command at CTU . Fun to see Rick the only assault team member on the front lines without a helmet . The Deadwood VP runs his office like a wild west saloon . The latest in an absurd series of characters hell bent on taking over the highest office in the land . Why no black hat to help out the poor viewer to decide if we should support his efforts . Hey we 're down to our last lead so lets proceed with as small a team as possible - perimeter be damned . He cut off his arm ! We 'll it 's been a few seasons since we had to cut off an arm . Does anyone screw up a surveillance detail like CTU ? Did you see the memo on tunnels ? I ` llll go ahead and see that you get one . Devane 's reaction to JB is off the wall-again with the black hat . The Ruskies threaten a declaration of war over bungled espionage that they largely initiated ? Seriously . Is CTU the easiest federal installation to infiltrate or what ? The rent a cop guards might as well have big red targets painted on them . Nice sting on the Rusky spy . Let 's use a complete neophyte and then set up 3 flights down in a truck . CTU should have a work station designated just for folks taking over command and and/or analyzing in-house screw ups . Did Ricky just say `` damn it '' ? Spring for a few more takes next time since that one lacked any conviction . The old bomb in the circuit board trick . JB the first secret agent ever unable to puncture an inflatable boat with a bullet . Since when ca n't you call off an air strike ? Heck they pulled it off in the Rock . Proceed with extreme caution .
 Let 's review
 I have watched 24 since its debut . It was at the time , the best show on TV . Perfect mix of action , suspense , emotion , with a new real-time format.All seasons have been high-quality , except for Season 4 , but I wo n't get into those details now . The problems I see with 24 in Season 6 are :1 . The show has become increasingly violent . Torture is used often , with fingers being cut as easily as blinking an eye .2 . The show is fostering the `` us against them mentality '' . But now it 's not just against Arabs , but also the Chinese , and the Russians . And the answer ? Let 's just nuke them . So with this approach , we can nuke half the world , and torture the other half . We will live happily ever after embracing our nukes until the radiation fallout from all the bombs we 've used reaches us .3 . Because torture and/or gore is so prevalent in the show , there is no element of surprise . For example , when Jack is looking for Gredenko , and CTU is still receiving a signal even though Jack ca n't find him ; I knew he had cut off his arm ; and left it behind .4 . Jack has become a character devoid of humanity . A torture provider . I think this is not only the result of having him use torture so often , but also the fact that all the characters who gave him his personal side are gone . I did not buy his story with Marylin . He just does n't seem capable of loving anyone anymore .5 . With the exception of a few characters like Bill Buchanan , and Karen Hayes , everyone feels like a caricature . Doyle seems to have been brought in as Jack 's replacement if Sutherland quits the show .6 . Chloe is as annoying as ever , but when the show was good , she was bearable , now she 's just another negative . Same for her boyfriend Morris .7 . Milo is not credible in the role , and his involvement with Nadia , and their kiss in the middle of the nuclear bomb crisis and in the office , was just ridiculous .8 . How many times are they going to recycle the same ideas ? Can we have some originality?In any case , this is it for me . No more 24 . Sad evolution for a show that from a scale of 1 to 10 was really a `` 24 '' .
 THIS NEVER ARRIVED . I HAVE CONTACTED THE SELLER BUT ALL HE WOULD SAY WAS THAT IT WAS SENT . HE NEVER TRIED TO MAKE IT RIGHT .
 Season 6 is no doubt the worst of the six . At season 4 it was already clear that the producers are unable to acquire good acting talent and Sutherland 's suffering from nepotism increases with each season . The plot could have been made realistic were it not for Sutherland 's invincibility , awful playscript and poor acting performance . The script needs an extreme makeover in terms of vocabulary and whitty lines to prevent viewers like me going braindead having to listen to it.A `` C '' rated series with no depth and a producer and actor that clearly seems full of himself and it .
 Watch seasons 2-5 and you have an incredible portrayal of the man and the community that surrounds him . And you have great plot -LRB- with the dumb `` override '' section of season 4 a sorry exception -RRB- . Maybe there was nowhere to go after season 5 but down . Season 6 so far takes the hoakiness to a new level . The new CTU characters are more unlikable than ever , even O'Brian 's makeover seems to have really distorted her character . And Morris ? Why should I care if he drinks or not ? The potential of Karen Hayes to become a full-fledged character - as Michelle or the other female CTU head did - has so far been shelved and she now plays a one-dimensional 2nd fiddle to Peter McNichol 's patented grimaces and ticks . Nadia and her boyfriend are absolutely sickening to watch . The scene of them making out in CTU was the most insulting and shallow moment I 've ever seen on the show!Mr . Sutherland has expressed concerns abou the freshness of the show . We 've seen so many of these plot elements before ! Nuclear threat , presidential threat , CTU tortures its own , Jack tortures an always-guilty suspect . Oh God , PLEASE do n't let Kim appear again in another `` Perils of Pauline '' subplot!There is no change in the tone . It 's all at `` 11 '' all the time . That 's fine for Casino Royale , but not for a series.The few plusses I can think of
 Season Six revealed the artifice of `` 24 '' and the show may never recover . The spell may have been broken , through a fragmented plot and unbelievable -LRB- even for artifice -RRB- developments . I knew there was trouble brewing from the beginning , when Jack recovered from bearded , beaten , and malnourished to quickly give himself a great haircut . In the true `` 24 , '' the reality of how he got from Point A to Point B would have been the basis for an interesting series of events . Through much of this season , it seemed like an outtake reel of a number of different seasons strung together in hopes it would make sense . It never really did . If Season 7 does n't recapture the grit of minute-by-minute , excruciating action and tension , the jig may be up for `` 24 . ''
 24 is one of the best tv series out there . i would guarantee it to people who like action packed series . theres a lot of action scnes and explotion , and the girls are sexy to . kiefer sutherland is one of the best actors on tv right now , my friend kelly loves him but keeps pronouncing her name as kipper sutherland . WTF ! -LRB- what the friday ! -RRB- : -RRB-
 This will be the first season not worth buying on DVD . Ultimately it makes me very unhappy to have to break a set , but there was n't much redeeming about day 6 of 24 . They started way too big and just could n't maintain . Now it sounds like day 7 production is off to a poor start . I do n't know maybe this wonderful series just ends at day 5 . In any event it was a wonderful ride ...
 Every year I buy 24 on DVD . I was hooked instantly by the first season , as many others were hooked . Season 2 was good as well but during seasons 3 and 4 , I had to constantly convince myself to take the series as entertainment only and overlook some of re-ocurring plot twists that drive the show . Season 5 was one of the better ones with the elimination of some very key chracters from years passed and a stunning plot twist.But Season 6 dipped the series back to mediocrity as I found myself convincing my brain to again accept the retreaded incidents that the writers use to push the story along and try to keep viewers engaged . -LRB- WARNING
 It pains me to trash this show on Amazon , because seasons 1,2 , and 5 are truly great . This season feels like a made for basic cable action show that would air every Sunday at 2 AM . Every plot device , formula , etc. , is recycled here from the other seasons , almost to the point where they feel literally cut and pasted .
 I just finished watching season 6 and I 'm so disappointed by what used to be one of my favourite shows ! I 'd give 4-5 stars for episodes 1-10 , 3 stars for 11-18 and 0 stars for 19-24 . But since the end is very important , I only gave one star.The plot seems so confused , it does not seem right . A good point to end the season would have been approx . episode 18 , where the major opponents had been eliminated . But no - the season carried on ... I started to wonder.Amazon.com shows `` 2001 '' as production date . Is it possible that most of season 6 was produced in 2001 and then - maybe in the light of 9/11 - the season was put on hold and later reinvented ? Was Wayne Palmer added later to create a bridge to season 5 ? Since he spent most of the season in a coma I would not be surprised ; - -RRB- To me it seems like episode 18 was meant to be the end . And then some one started to cut out stuff in order to get some space to air it after season 5 . Some strange plot twists were added , namely Jack 's evil brother and father . Initially the Arabs were attacking , but then it was the Russians , then the Chinese and almost again the Russians , and Jack 's father helped them all . The White House was conspiring too . It 's as if they found it hard to pick an enemy and so chose to combine them all . 4 major enemies in one day ? Watching this did not feel like 24 hours but 24 days ... It 's the first time that 24 really bored me . I hope they do a better job on season 7 .
 Most of the other reviews here have captured the disappointment of 24 fans . I was , and suppose am still , the kind of fan that forbade anyone to call or interupt me while watching the show . I wanted to be swept up in it and often was . Even though some elements of the show repeated themselves over the seasons , it was still done in a fresh and suspenseful way . The sixth season ? It became almost a parody of itself . Too many torture scenes , too much patriotic rhetoric pounded over our heads as justificition for what was happening , too little interpersonal interaction . One of the reasons Season 5 was so good was that we got to see more sides of characters like Buchanan , or the arc Karen Hayes had , or the complex relationships between the Logans . I wo n't beat a dead horse with more critique , but here 's to hoping season 7 will bring back the edge of your seat excitement we all love about the show ...
 I entirely agree with those reviewers who think season 6 was awful . Having said that , I actually thought the season had gotten off to a promising start ... too bad it went off the rails so quickly . For me , the major drawing point of the show has always been -LRB- Sutherland 's brilliant portrayal of -RRB- the character of Jack Bauer . Here we have -LRB- or had , anyway -RRB- a finely nuanced take on the classic tragic hero figure . What made Bauer such a compelling character in previous seasons was that he was always presented as the only person who could get the job done , the guy to whom all the really hard choices would invariably fall . For example , decisions about whether to resort to the extremity of torture.Whatever your ethical and political views about the legitimacy of torture as a means of extracting information in the real world , I think most of you would agree that , in the past anyway , 24 's depiction of this was always very earnest , if not quite sophisticated . -LRB- Lengthy philosophical discussions about rights vs. utility vis a vis torture would likely not make for very good ratings . -RRB- With season 6 , unfortunately , this earnestness has virtually disappeared.Part of what was so fascinating about Jack Bauer was that the guy was nearly always the one who ended up having to do the `` interrogating . '' You could n't help but wonder what his continually having to commit these horrific acts might be doing to him on the inside ; and to my mind , this is really where Kiefer Sutherland 's acting chops shone through . In fact , we were given a glimpse into Bauer 's damaged mental interior when , early on in season 6 , he watches in horror as Hamri Al-Assad tortures the guy who betrayed him to Fayed . He says `` I do n't know how to do this anymore ... '' or something to that effect.I was really hoping that this scene would be the start of a much more personal , self-probing psychological look at Jack Bauer as he begins to confront his inner demons . Obviously , the writers had other things in mind . In hardly any time , Bauer 's back in form , torturing and killing left and right . But this is a different Bauer from the one we 've seen in previous seasons
 This was easily the worst day of 24 ever . The first 4 hours were great -LRB- which is why it gets 2 stars and not 1 -RRB- and the rest of the day seemed to drag on with no real plot devlopment and storylines just being in there for the sake of being there . Another major problem was the lack of great actors that were previously on the show to replaced with hacks such as - Nadia , Doyle , New Palmer -LRB- and his sister who is super annoying -RRB- . The only good actors this season are Jack , Buchanon , and V.P. Daniels -LRB- Powers Booth from Sin City and Deadwood -RRB- . Even if you are a diehard 24 fan skip this season as it is a complete waste . At best watch it for free - it would be a shame to waste money on it .
 If you have never seen a season of 24 , then maybe you 'd like Season Six much more than I did . I 've seen much of the story line before , and what is new , I wish I had n't seen . Did anyone really need a love interest for Cloe ? Can you say zero chemistry ? The characters are weak , -LRB- Jack 's dad and brother - really ???? Whatever . -RRB- It was rarely suspensful - felt like we 've been there before - oh wait , Jack escaping , shooting a good guy to help a bad guy and nuke explosion . Yup , been there .
 Man , things were going great for the most violent prime time TV show ever -LRB- less the killing of Curtis - one of those moments where clearly the writers simply wants to shock the audience or need to get rid of the actor for some reason -RRB- . Things went downhill -LRB- in my humble opinion -RRB- after the Fayed plot was solved . By `` downhill '' I do n't mean disater , because a show of this magnitude , where each episode has so many differnt scenarios , shot on locatiosns cenes , special effects , etc , rarely is mediocre . You get the feel that the everyone involved is giving their best.What I mean by downhil is the above mentioned people -LRB- cast , producers , technical guys , writers -RRB- giving their best for a flawed premise . The Chinese / Russian plot was so farfetched , so forced , so unplausible . After all , the advantage of obtaining some secret technologie about your enemy is useful since he does not know that you possess his defense technology ! Also , to see Audrey Raines appears only briefly and as a `` zombie '' was a bad call.Well , that 's it . Anyway , I think the show still did not jump the shark , but this will happen soon .
 This was an incredibly maddening season - it just seemed to go from one preposterous weakness to another . It STARTED with a nuclear explosion on American soil . Where do you go from there ? By the middle of the season -LRB- 12 hours into the story -RRB- everyone seems to have forgotten that we had just suffered a nuclear holocaust ! The former president is stabbed by his nutty ex-wife and then ... nothing ! He , his ex and former Secret Service agent Aaron just disappear . This happens to characters throughout the season . All this may be explained by the fact that the writers publicly admitted that they had no bible - no pre-planned story arc . They were making it up as they went along ! This is NOT storytelling ; it is the video equivalent of a child attempting to convey a story and continually saying `` and then . . and then ... and then . '' This series gets one more chance with me . If it does n't show me something next season , that 's it .
 This is a review of the show itself and does not suggest anything about the quality of the DVD package or special features contained within this set.Season 6 of 24 started out and seemed to be a very promising season at first . After 4-5 episodes that were very close to the magic captured in earlier seasons the dialog , characters and plotlines spiraled out of control . Old dead plotlines were rehashed for no apparent reason and no real effect on the story . New characters were introduced with the sole reason of replacing old characters . They were so bad we begged for their death , begged for Tony to come back . The same plotlines were introduced from every season previously -LRB- CTU HAS A MOLE ! JACK IS OUT OF CONTROL ! HE 'S GONE ROGUE ! -RRB- . I faithfully tuned in every week to watch the train wreck . Having invested hours and dollars into the previous five seasons I just could n't give up no matter how awful it was . Surely the season would finish with a bang ? Surely it would redeem itself as the clock ticked down ??? The final episode might have been the most disappointing of all . The main plot ends approximately halfway through the final episode in a complete anti-climax of grandly apathetic proportions . The last half of the episode features various characters grimly reflecting on just how bad their day was and just how tortured Jack 's soul must be after six very very long days ! And to cap it all off we dig up another old plotline and toss Jack into it just so he can show how tortured he is , in case we did n't get it already . The episode ends like a Christian Rock Band music video , Jack soulfully staring off into the sunset , eyes filled with sadness and pain ... but yet , a glimmer of hope.Because Jack knows that season 7 is coming . And Jack knows that me , being the sucker I am will probably watch it , partially in hopes the show will redeem itself and partially to continue watching the train wreck . HOWEVER . One thing I will not do is buy another season of 24 on DVD . My collection stands at 5 and stays at 5 , and Season 6 will never be cheap enough to warrant a purchase .
 If season 7 is as dramatic a departure for the show as the producers claim it will be , you should be able to pass over this train wreck of a season altogether . I recommend doing so . It is painful in every conceivable way . The sole highlight is an episode guest starring the fantastic Jean Smart as the former First Lady .
 I have been one of the biggest fans of 24 . Due to that perhaps my expectations were raised because I loved all 5 seasons . But I have to say that season 6 was disappointing and did not offer the same level of grip to the plot and the show . Prior to watching Season 6 , I used to wish that the episodes just keep on going and not end , where as in this season I lost that spirit.I hope that in season 7 they recover . I am still gon na watch season 7 , and i sincerely hope this legacy show recovers itself and brings the same level of entertainment like it did before .
 This is , by popular opinion , the worst season of 24 . The season moves way too slowly , they tried to fit way too much into the season , the plot is basically just a bunch of recycled plot lines from previous seasons , and Wayne Palmer is President . Now , when I say this is the worst season , I just mean it is the worst season of 24 , which is not just my favorite show , it is one of the greatest things mankind has ever been blessed with . This season is not terrible , by any means . It 's just the weakest season in its series . This season still kept me entertained , and I was on the edge of my seat for parts of the season . I also thought this season had one of the best openings , and one of the best endings in the whole series.At the end of the previous season , Jack was kidnapped by the Chinese and put on a freighter bound for China . In my opinion , this season should have picked up right where season five ended . The season could have taken place in China . It could have involved Jack 's friends trying to rescue him . It could have had Jack being tortured for information . The season could have centered around Jack 's attempts to escape and/or cope with his environment . It could have been a very different season than all the ones previous . Instead , the season is set almost two years after the events of season five . The country in under attack by terrorist leader Hamri Al-Assad . They are being hit by suicide bombings . Abu Fayed , a former associate of Assad , has agreed to give the government Assad 's location in exchange for Jack Bauer . Years ago , Fayed 's brother was tortured to death by Jack . Fayed wants revenge . So President Palmer -LRB- Wayne , not David , unfortunately -RRB- makes some deals with the Chinese government to hand over Jack . Jack agrees to this , because he wants to die for something , as opposed to dying for nothing in a Chinese prison . CTU hands Jack over to Fayed , who begins to torture him . While he is torturing Jack , Fayed gloats that it is he , not Assad who is responsible for the attacks . Jack breaks free -LRB- after biting some guy 's neck -RRB- and saves Assad from being killed in an air strike by the U.S. military . Jack gets the president to offer Assad a deal , a pardon in exchange for help stopping the attacks . Assad agrees , but this angers Curtis . Jack finds out that years ago , when Curtis was working in special forces , Assad beheaded two of his men . Curtis still holds a grudge against Assad . When Curtis tries to kill Assad , Jack is forced to kill Curtis . Devastated by what he was just forced to do , Jack calls CTU and tells them that he can no longer work for them . Earlier that morning , Jack discovered that Fayed is constructing a nuclear bomb . A CTU field team is closing in on the bomb , thanks to some information provided by Jack . The team storms the garage the terrorists are holed up in , but the terrorists manage to set off the device . A nuclear bomb is detonated in Valencia , a small town outside L.A. See what happened there ? Jack quit CTU for five minutes , and terrorists were able to set off a nuclear bomb . CTU then discovers that the terrorists have four more of those bombs.So far the season has been pretty good . Unfortunately , it now starts to gradually go downhill . Now that a bomb has been set off , Jack decides he wants to get back in the game . So what was the point of killing off Curtis ? All it did was provide five minutes of drama . Jack said he was out , but now he 's right back in again . Anyway , Jack discovers that the bombs were stolen from a company run by his father Philip , and brother Graem . Graem tries to have Jack and Philip killed to cover his tracks . He is unsuccessful , and is tortured by Jack . When it looks like Graem might talk , Philip kills Graem . It looks like he is also evil . Then follows a completely convoluted thing in which Philip kidnaps Josh , Graem 's son , in exchange for Jack . He says he is going to kill Jack , but when Jack has his back turned , he disappears . He leaves a phone number for Jack to call . Jack finds himself talking to former President Charles Logan , who is under house arrest . This could have been good . Unfortunately , they do n't do anything with it . A few episodes later , Logan is stabbed in the shoulder by Martha , his ex-wife . He is rushed to the hospital , and starts to flatline . To this day , we do n't know what happened to Logan -LRB- although it is rumored that he might return in season 8 -RRB- . Bringing him into the story was completely unnecessary . He did n't do anything , except when they sent him into the Russian consulate to talk to that guy from Return of the King . But it did n't have to be him who did that , it could have been anyone . You do n't bring a major character into the story just to turn around and cut them back out . Meanwhile , Assad and Palmer have decided to start peace talks . Assad wants to try to negotiate his differences with America , and stop the violence he himself was once a part of . Unfortunately , a group of government officials try to kill President Palmer . They think he is a weak president whose leadership will only hurt the country . Assad is killed by the bomb , and Palmer is badly injured . Why did they bring Assad in if they were just going to kill him off ? What was the point of introducing his character if they were n't going to do anything with him ? With Palmer incapacitated , Vice President Noah Daniels takes over the presidency . And this guy is an idiot . Obviously , they were trying to put another moron in charge of things , to make it more difficult for Jack . But Daniels is such and idiot that he is just not realistic . People in previous seasons , like Ryan Chapelle , were realistic . They wanted to do things their way , which would have gotten someone killed . But there is always some kind of rationale behind their decisions . Daniels is just an idiot . He looks at any given situation , and always chooses the least intelligent option . After this , and after a couple of slow-moving episodes , Jack and CTU finally locate the bombs . Jack has a dramatic confrontation with Fayed , and hangs him from the ceiling . Jack then recieves a call from Cheng Zhi , the Chinese agent who oversaw his torture for the last two years . Cheng wants Jack to obtain a circuit board for him . The circuit board contains information about the Russian military . Cheng tells Jack that he has Audrey Raines , who is still alive . Earlier that day , Jack was informed that Audrey had died in a car accident in China . She was in China because she was looking for him . Now , it is made clear that she has been in Chinese custody the whole time . Cheng orders Jack to get the circuit board for him . If Jack refuses , she will die.Up until now , the season has been slowly going downhill . At this point , it tanks . Jack gets Audrey back , but Cheng escapes with the circuit board . Jack finds that Audrey has been severely traumatized through drugs that the Chinese gave her . She appears to have gone insane . Her father shows up and blames Jack for what happened to her . He says he does n't want Jack anywhere near her , and files a restraining order . The rest of the season has Jack and CTU trying to get the circuit board back . The whole thing culminates in a showdown at an oil rig . Cheng has been working with Jack 's dad Philip -LRB- who disappeared but now has suddenly been brought back into the story -RRB- . He has once again kidnapped Josh -LRB- a Chinese commando team invaded CTU and lost most of the team just to kidnap him -RRB- because he is going back to China and wants to take Josh with him . He has , as he sees it , lost both of his sons . He can now start over with his grandson . That has got to be the worst motivation for a villain I 've ever heard in my life . The Russians have threatened to start a war if the circuit board is not recovered or destroyed . The Vice President orders an air strike on the oil rig in attempt to destroy the circuit board . Jack and Bill decide to try to rescue Josh before the airstrike can be carried out . They succeed , and manage to capture Cheng as well . As soon as they are clear , Jack drops off the chopper and goes to find Audrey . I enjoyed the last fifteen minutes or so . Jack breaks into James Heller 's home and demands to see Audrey . He is angry and Heller , not only for blaming him for Audrey 's condition , but also for not getting him out of China . He intends to escape with Audrey . But after seeing her , he realizes that the best thing for her is that he be away from her . He leaves the house , and walks out to the beach . He appears to be contemplating suicide , and the season ends with a silent clock honoring his sacrifice.In my opinion , this season had one of the best openings , and also one of the best endings in the series ' history . But that could not save it from familiar , if not moronic twists throughout . As I said before , the plot is practically one recycled plot line after another . There 's nothing new here , and that chiefly makes it the worst season of this series . Another thing that makes the season bad is its lack of foresight . They start a plot line , and then realize they have no idea how to finish it . For example , Charles Logan and Assad . For many reasons , this is the worst season of 24 . But that does n't mean it 's a complete piece of trash . It 's the weakest season of 24 , but that is only because the other seasons are infinitely better .
 24 has always been leave-your-brain-at-the-door entertainment with an EXTREME dependence on suspension of disbelief , but Season Six is just too much . After getting better every year for five seasons , suddenly it seems that the writers & producers of the show forgot that there are limits to what we will accept even on a show like this . Wayne Palmer has no credibility or gravitas as President . The entire plot is absurd even by 24 standards - the U.S. `` has no other choice '' but to hand over Jack to a terrorist in order to `` save the country '' ? And this `` terrorist '' has the resources `` to make sure -LRB- the US -RRB- ca n't try to get him back '' ? And of course , just like every other season , the CTU headquarters is the only government agency in the world staffed with suspiciously attractive 30-something women in key positions of authority and people who can access anything from any computer in the world protected by any security system within three seconds . Watching a season of 24 is an investment of time , more so than other shows , and after watching the first episode of season six even the biggest fans of the series will wonder if they want to stick around until the end of this one .
 this season sucked . Bad story , bad characters worse execution of how ` immortal ' bauer is . Wayne Palmer president ?????? Bauer putting up with near death torture , then pulling off a huge escape without so much as limping?Okay it had its pluses -LRB- but very few -RRB- - the opening sequence , the end and some of the thrilling action sequences . But it generally sucked . Thank god they had the time to plan season seven to make it good.Following the awesome season five , season six just was n't up to par
 I ordered this video months ago and never got my order ... i hope someone contacts me and tells me what happened or give back my money .
 The biggest conflict in this movie is when one of the moms takes away the kid 's DS . And one of the girls is obsessed with old people . Enough said .
 I rented this for my girls -LRB- 6 and 4 -RRB- and they were not interested at all . I watched the movie and found it ultra depressing - each of the girls has a big family issue that they are facing . While it 's `` contemporary '' and real world , it 's just a huge bummer of a movie . I give it a big thumbs down . I had to turn it off because it was depressing me !
 The trailer looked so interesting . Then I saw the movie itsself and there was nothing anymore that could be added to the trailer because the good parts I had already seen . The rest is pure bordem . Maybe the last 15 minutes deserve 3 stars . Because everything is falling together to have a satisfactory ending . But the rest is amateurish . Two of the girls - whatever the names of the actresses were - were good . Only that their script was badly writen . I hope I will see these two promising actresses again under better circumstances .
 This movie starts out in such a stupid , asinine way that I could n'tbare to watch any more . Hollywood sucks big time when it comes to comedy . `` Hey , we have no idea what 's funny . Let 's make a comedy ! Do n't worry , the buying public are idiots , they 'll buy anything . ''
 OMG , after reading the other two reviews I just had to weigh in on this film.I saw this film last week and decided that it was probably not worth the time to review it.After reading braver souls than I , I now have the courage to put in my 1 star.My least favorite commandment among them all was `` Thou shalt honor thy father and thy mother . `` A white woman and her husband give birth to twin black boys which grow up to learn that Arsenio Hall was their true father ! Oh brother was that one stupid.I , also , have got to say that this movie was by far the most nonsensical mumbo-jumbo that I have seen in a long time.What was the goal of this film ? It left me stunned at how cheesy and low brow it was.I , too , agree that this film seemed to have no purpose.If there was one , then it was lost in translation.Unfortunately , I did pay $ 11 to see this.SHOW ME THE MONEY .
 I really tried to like this movie , but it was just too lame and I wound up fast-forwarding to the start of each segment , just to see if any of the jokes got any better . They did n't . It just kept sliding downhill , and finally I gave up and took it back to the video store , two days early.Folks who think that Wes Anderson is a brilliant , gifted genius might get off on this flick . Like Anderson 's ouvre , the humor is crude and overly-obvious , and the basic technique is to pile one joke on top of another , ad nauseum . Meanwhile , all the attention is placed on the self-satisfied cleverness of the writers , and thus the actual directing is weak and actors are allowed to coast . Is n't it groovy and miraculous enough that they are vehicles for the brilliantly witty bon mots of the writer -- why should they have to act as well?This film is about as subtle as a ton of bricks . Dropped on your toes . From a great height , so your feet turn to jelly . And they , your feet , hurt a lot . And start oozing and festering . And then all your friends start calling you Fester . And you start getting all these Addams Family jokes tossed at you until one day you go crazy and rob a bank . -LRB- And did I mention , the jokes in this film are often written in about the same way as this paragraph , with about as much comedic effect -- close to nil -- and it keeps on going on and on and on and on and on and each sequence is at least as lame as the one before it ? It 's like a student film on steroids , and that is n't funny either ... -RRB- Paul Rudd , who I think is a great comedic actor , serves as the postmodern , irony-laden , hipster 's Rod Serling , introducing each of the ten segments ... And , oh , what a stain on his resume ! Take my word for it
 I do n't get the number of positive reviews here unless they all have had family members kidnapped by the producers of this unfunny film . And why does n't Amazon allow ZERO stars ???? The creative minds behind this have committed the ultimate sin -- it 's just not funny . The first Gretchen Mol bit had potential but that was rapidly exhausted . The rest of this is truly awful . I do n't mind the blasphemy or any of the other content ; what I do mind is the absence of funny . Do yourself a favor and stay away from this -- I wish someone had been thoughtful and honest enough to warn me away in time .
 I am a tad stupidier for having seen The Ten.Film noir might be this movie 's goal , instead it winds up being worse than your average YouTube video . On paper , the movie seems non-conformist and gutsy for going against the Church , etc. . In reality , it is cheesy , and is not a parody of anything worthwhile.There might be some who will notice more inside jokes than others , but overall , the entire movie is one big inside joke on the gullible audience . It 's a shame too , because the cast is incredible . Sadly , the actors try the best to deliver their lines , but they have nothing to work with.In the end , the only one sequence out of ten that is worth watching is the very first one . Featuring Adam Brody as a newly-made celebrity God and Winona Ryder as his fiance , the sequence is keen to pick up on our obsession with the media and celebrities.Other sequences fall flat in the jokes , with one sequence focusing on being as vulgar as possible , but in Spanish . Additionally , the movie suffers from not having a unified theme and comes together haphazardly at the very end.By the time the credits roll , you 'll be delighted to get on with your life and forget you ever experienced this atrocity .
 I actually rate this movie as a minus 1000 . I think the writers & producers & actors & anybody else involved with this movie should make a comedy about their wives/husbands & kids being `` graphically '' blown up by some homicide bombers . I think that is actually more appropriate fodder -LRB- and funnier -RRB- than poking fun at G-D 's word .
 The irreverent handling of The Commandments by this writer and cast is simply blasphemy . If you believe in the Lord who gave us these laws , I strongly warn you to pass over this glorification of sin . Also , it was not humorous , romantic , inspiring , etc. ; it fails on all levels .
 A group of us saw this at a Press screening last night.Reactions varied , but I can only speak for myself.YIKES ... what a ridiculous waste of money , talent and time that someone spent to produce THE TEN.I wish I could tell you that it was funny , but I ca n't . I wish I could tell you that it was clever , but I ca n't do that either.I wish that I could tell you that actors such as Winona Ryder , Paul Rudd , Gretchen Mol did outstanding jobs at their craft ... NOPE!There must be some inside joke that maybe the writers and producers were in on that I just did n't get!The movie commences with a gigantic thud as Paul Rudd , who is the narrator of this mess , introduces each of the ten commandments , ten mini-skits that are designed to , I think , give us fresh and comical insight into each law.By the end of sketch one : THOU SHALT HAVE NO OTHER GODS BEFORE ME , I forced myself to stay in my seat despite several people vacating the theatre ! . After # 6 , THOU SHALT NOT COVET THY NEIGHBOR 'S WIFE , a lot of folks called it quits and left . -LRB- If any skit worked best , I thought , it was this one.The coveting takes place in an all-male prison where one man desires another man 's B #tch . -RRB- Alas , it took to # 10 : THOU SHALT KEEP THE SABBATH DAY HOLY , in which men decide to ditch Sunday Church in order to meet together naked and groove to Roberta Flack.The whole film concludes with a curtain call rock song introducing the characters and actors . The song leaves us with the final words : `` It 's all about love . '' END.ROLL CREDITS.By the time we sat through the last credit , the screen went dark , the lights came up , we all looked at each other and remarked `` What was that ? `` If the point of this film was to poke fun at the commandments and be just plain goofy , then I am not sure that even the producers accomplished that!It is hard to believe that a movie could be THAT bad.Some people DID laugh , so I know that someone got SOMETHING from this film.I could only shrug and say `` Boy , am I glad I did not have to pay to see this one -LRB- though I had to drive 45 minutes up and back at $ 2.59 a gallon !!! -RRB- ONE STAR for a combined effort on commandments # 6 and # 10 ! I would love to see anyone else 's take on this film .
 Luckily , my boyfriend picked this up in the $ 5 bin at a discount store . If he had spent anymore on this soon-to-be door stopper , I would be irate . I 'd donate this to Goodwill , but it seems unfair for someone else to be duped into buying this suckular movie.I 've seen and enjoyed `` Wet Hot American Summer , '' so I thought that this film from David Wain would deliver . . nope . The final scene is an absurd musical recap of the disjointed sketches . The finale just did n't work . I thought for certain that this was originally a musical/play penned by the writers , and adapted unsuccessfully into a film -- I wanted desperately to think that this was not the intended product . Nope.Skip this movie . Charlton Heston 's Moses made me laugh more than this wannabe religious satire . I wish I could get back the 96 minutes that I spent on this film and go to church instead .
 I do n't know how this movie got so many five stars . Like another reviewer said , it does not even deserve one star , but you are forced to give it that much . I 've seen a lot , but this is one of the most boring .
 `` Thou shalt NOT make terrible films with talented stars and pawn those films off as entertainment . `` There are so many great actors in this , and the film is soooooo bad , it makes you wonder several things
 A flower may arise from rhino crap -LRB- you 'd have to be bored enough to watch this to understand -RRB- but nothing good rises from this crappy movie . That may sound harsh but this movie was that bad & this is coming from an almost 40 year old who 's more like a 14 year old when it comes to humor , unfortunately -LRB- & from someone who did n't have to pay to watch this , thankfully -RRB- . I used to think the Jenny McCarthy movie `` Dirty Love '' was awful but it at least had one really funny scene -LRB- smack my bass -RRB- that sticks with me to this day -LRB- & Carmen Electra doing her character was great -RRB- . If you want to watch a bad movie with something small to laugh at get Dirty Love . If you are curious as to how bad this movie is & are a Prime member that can watch it for free then go ahead if you 've got time to waste . I just ca n't believe a movie this bad has well known actors in it ! I felt bad for Winona Rider as she 's a good actress but I guess there have n't been many offers for her so she had to do this movie -LRB- & screw a real dummy -RRB- . Still , what are the other known actor 's excuses ? Yuk !
 First off , THE TEN ignores its own `` high concept . '' This film has nothing to do with the Ten Commandments . It does n't satirize them or reference them in any substantive way.For instance , in one of the ten skits , a man jumps from an airplane without a parachute . He survives , but must remain half-buried in the ground . So he becomes a celebrity . This skit is supposed to depict Thou Shalt Not Worship Other Gods Before Me.HOW does it relate to that commandment ? Because he becomes a celebrity , and we worship celebrities ? It 's a weak connection.Another skit is about a newlywed woman -LRB- Winona Ryder -RRB- who falls in love with a ventriloquist dummy . Which commandment is this ? The one about adultery or coveting your neighbor 's wife ? No , this is supposed to illustrate Thou Shalt Not Steal , because Ryder steals the dummy at one point.But that 's NOT the gist of the skit . It 's just a minor plot point . Again , this skit is unrelated in any meaningful way to its commandment.Of course , one can forgive THE TEN for ignoring its own concept , were it funny . It 's not.The comedy is all over the place , uncertain what mood or tone it wants . One skit satirizes Woody Allen 's relationship films . Another resembles the FRITZ THE CAT cartoon . Others are broad-based TV type skits.THE TEN 's skit comedy structure is similar to KENTUCKY FRIED MOVIE , HOLLYWOOD SHUFFLE , and MONTY PYTHON 'S MEANING OF LIFE , except those films are -LRB- 1 -RRB- funnier , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- consistent in their comedic tone.THE TEN is boring , its satirical targets very old , even by TV standards.It 's sad to see Winona Ryder slumming in this mess . She 's in some great films
 Probably the worst movie I have ever seen . Not funny at all . Just to cringe at . Thank God it is over .
 I normally am not moved to type out a review of a movie , but after having watched the first 15 or so minutes of this P.O.S. , I felt compelled to render an opinion . I do n't think I 've seen a movie that went to such lengths to hit its audience over the head with how witty it was , when in fact it really was n't at all humorous or clever . Whoever was responsible for how this thing turned out -LRB- the writers ? the director ? -RRB- should think twice about pursuing a career in film-making .
 I have no idea what kind of audience this movie was made for.It 's called THE TEN because it is supposedly satirizing the Ten Commandments , but it 's painfully obviously that not one single person responsible for this movie has even read the actual Ten Commandments , let alone anything else biblical . At least the Monty Pyton guys did a little bit of research for their LIFE OF BRIAN.Because of their lack of any comprehension of the commandments , they 're incapable of producing a sketch remotely involving ... let alone a sketch that 's remotely funny.So who are they trying to entertain ? An audience with any religious awareness is going to be put off by the language , crudity and general blasphemy gleefully on display here . Any agnostics and athiests will be put off by both any religious references as well as the lack of any real comedy.I feel bad for the people in this movie because I have this sick feeling that there will be a DVD player on Judgment Day ... and THE TEN will be reviewed during the cast and crew 's appearance in the dock . Man , I hope I 'm not next in line.This movie was so terrible that I actually felt bad for hating those Broken Lizard losers and their awful movies . That 's a joke , by the way . The Broken Lizard losers are still grotesquely horrible.So who would like this movie ? Looking over the other reviews , I found one that seemed legitimate
 Understand this
 I must agree with another poster ... I rarely bother to post , but this one was so disappointing that I feel obliged to give fair warning to others.I originally picked this up for a few dollars somewhere because I could n't BELIEVE that I had n't even HEARD of this movie with all of these great actors and actresses in it ! It ought to be HILARIOUS ! Then I watched it and found out WHY.I 'm not saying that it does n't have a single funny moment in it . Almost any comedy , no matter bad , is likely to have at least one or two amusing scenes . But it was so bad that it was n't even worth the low price I paid for it . I was extremely disappointed , and I am very forgiving of comedies . I enjoy all kinds of humor , and will put up with a lot to get a few nuggets of laughter , but this just had FAR too few to offer . I even gave it to my brother to see if it was really so bad or if it was just my imagination , and he could n't even get half way through it.In short , to those who actually liked it - Good for you ! I 'd love to be able to eat a piece of stale bread starting to mold and have it taste like a fresh doughnut . But for everyone else - beware this bread ... I peronally do n't think it is even worth taking a single bite of .
 maybe its me , but i do n't care for this kind of ribald / retarded humour . i thought it was very dumb . but seeing as to how i am in the obvious minority here , its quite obviously made some folks happy.Not for everyone and especially not for people who are easily put off by black comedy and religious satire .
 Too bad to even consider.Has nothing to do with anything.A hodge-podge of not even near misses.Read a book instead .
 As a major Paul Rudd fan , I was pretty disappointed . This movie was not very funny , but I think I did laugh out loud once . It 's an OK movie to watch to pass the time .
 `` The Ten '' is one of the worst films I ever saw . Supposedly a comedy , it is NOT funny at all , it is horribly boring and frankly I simply can not understand why this thing was ever made and released ! Was the producer drunk ? Was the director high ? As for the scenarist , he was clearly not involved in the creation of this film - I simply refuse to believe that any sapient being could write such a thing and believe that it was any good ! This film is complete , utter , total trash!There are only two reasons , for which I give it two stars instead of one . The first one is the presence of three very attractive women
 Have you ever seen a movie so bad that you actually held your head in your hands , shaking it in disbelief ? Ever see a movie SO UTTERLY AWFUL that you 've gained a new level of respect for ED WOOD ? Not the biopic about Ed Wood , but Ed Wood himself ??? It has happened . I 've seen a movie so inexplicably appalling that I 'm in favor of mandatory mental competency tests being given to Hollywood directors , actors , and screenwriters before a frame of film is shot . This cinematic cold sore is The Ten . It 's an allegedly comedic collection of short stories `` based '' on each one of the Ten Commandments -LSB- tee hee -RSB- . Let 's see , where to begin
 I think the writing of this film was done so whilst tripping on a bad batch of opium and countless other drugs that make complete idiocy seem hysterical . This flick was comically dead below the waist . -LRB- Just like the ventriloquist dummy Winona Ryder has sex with in one of the stories - I mean , Come ON ! If they could n't make you laugh while watching a beloved 80 's star mock-buck a wooden doll how could it possibly claim comedic status ? The other reviews are true - this movie is BORING . Some of the `` stories '' COULD HAVE BEEN FUNNY if the actors had been directed to act as though they knew they were being stupid and therefore give a wink to the ridiculousness that is this film and invite the viewers to play along . But the acting is done in as serious a manner as over-the-top parody acting can be . It really just leaves the poor souls who watch it saying WTF . I found myself going against THE TEN , saying Oh God , how many more are there , everytime a story ended and we came back to Paul to introduce us to the next commandment . If you were n't religiously inclined previous to this movie I will say it definitely leaves you praying - for it to be over.I chuckled briefly a FEW times while watching Paul Rudd during his narrator bits ... but only because I think he 's sexy and I often wonder what 's going on inside his twisted humorous mind.Mostly I think this follows the tradition of most movies which have `` all star '' casts . Too many famous names means the director is compensating for lack of good writing , plot or anything else that could be justifiably worth your time to watch.All actors involved should be embarassed to have their names attached to this title . Afterward this left me hoping that the writers/directors have been permanently black-balled from ever touching recordable media again .
 This reviewer read favorable reviews of this film and when it was finally rented , this reviewer was totally disapointed . None of the sketches based on each of the Ten Commandments were funny or coherent . The acting , the writing , direction , and production values were amateurous to the point of being like a cheap 70 's tv movie-of-the-week . The most embarrassing segment is when Winona Ryder 's character gets the hots for a ventriloquist 's dummy and she steals it to have sex with it . It was very painful to watch . Overall , a total waste of time .
 I rented this movie mainly because of the talented cast , including Winona Ryer , Paul Rudd , Liev Schriber , Janeane Garofalo , Ron Silver , Famke Jansen , Gretchen Mol , Jessica Alba , and Oliver Platt . What were these actors thinking being in this mediocre `` comedy '' ? They deserve a better movie.The film seems to be impressed with how `` wacky '' it is . Ha , ha . Instead , it 's just silly and stupid . We have two black 20 year olds born to a white couple who wonder about their paternity . The mother thinks it 's Arnold Schwarzenegger and hires an actor -LRB- Oliver Platt -RRB- to pretend to be him . Then the mother realizes the boys ' father is really Arsenio Hall . So the actor , who ca n't do an Arsenio impression , does Eddie Murphy . A woman -LRB- Winona Ryder -RRB- gets married after her other fiance falls out of a plane and get surgically stuck in the ground . Then she falls for a ventriloquist 's dummie and has sex with it and leaves her husband for it . Another sketch is about a woman -LRB- Gretchen Mol -RRB- whose husband likes to hang out around the house with his other male friends naked rather than go to church . Another tale is a raunchy , offensive cartoon about a rhino who likes to gossip and whose lies lead to grisly deaths by sex.Doesn ' t really make any sense , does it ? What does any of this have to do with the Ten Commandments ? Nothing , really . It 's just unfunny nonsense instead of sharp , humorous satire . If you want to see a funny , controversial film that deals with the Bible , check out Kevin Smith 's Dogma instead .
 I was so amped to see this movie . I bought it new on Amazon . I thought it was gon na be one of the movies that gets under the limelight but is absolutely hilarious . It was n't . Nothing about it did it for me . I really disappointed . I felt like it had such potential . I love all the actors but this movie really did n't do it for me .
 Robert Franklin Leslie must have been embarassed to have his name associated with this Disney film ! After reading the book , I was so excited to see that a movie had been made and was still available on Amazon . What a disappointment ! The script and acting were lame . Do n't waste your money . Read the book instead ; it 's wonderful.John Denver 's song is the only redeeming part of the movie , and you can hear him sing it on CD 's .
 i just saw this movie early this morning i was able to see only 75 to 80 percent of it because i was still in bed very tired but when i saw legendary actor paul newman in it i decided to give it a shot paul newman was good as harry keach in it he was serious but yet adding a little bit of comedy acting he plays a strict father who was very tough on his son and wanted him to grow up by being able to take care of himself he lost his wife in the life and had a difficult time continuing with the rest of his life by refusing to see other women who wanted to go out with him Robby Benson was howard -LRB- paul newman 's movie son -RRB- he personally reminded me of john travolita from grease and Emile Hirsch from a girl next door put together he had a pregnant girl played by Ellen Barkin Morgan Freeman and the late great Ossie Davis make their guest star appearances in harry and son in the middle of the movie the harry and his son 's relationship touched rockbottom when howard failed to keep job due to be uninterested in what career he worked as his career ambition was to be a writer the job that he worked as was being a factory worker i almost taught for a while that harry hated his son when he asked him to moved out of his house a the day of his birthday eventually harry began to loosen up by giving his son a break , going out with other women -LRB- especially his wife 's bestfriend who he is married to in real life , -RRB- and enjoyed being a grandfather when howard and his girlfriend delievered their baby after all this excited he experience he suddenly passed away toward the end of the movie which somewhat ruined the rating was going to give the movie i was not disappointed at what i saw the film did not drag too much at only it is a flick everyone should watch because some would be able to relate to it
 Having watched The Outpost with Ray Stephenson I figured this movie would be on the same order . I was in error . One character is so bad that he tries to commit rape . The other tries to stop it and is beaten into unconsciousness . David Warner is probably the only saving grace of this film . The airborne soldier who deserts is shown as sympathetic . He accidentally kills a woman and child during combat . the rest of the story makes no sense . IMHO the movie is made to depict American soldiers as less than honorable .
 I borrowed the DVD based on the reviews here . I think it 's overrated . It had promise at the beginning but begins to fizzle out in the middle . The main character had flashbacks which is not explained why . Disabled children resistance fighters ? C'mon . Let 's get real . When did that happen ? Evidently this is fiction . Even then I thought this would be a film similar to WWII horror comics , e.g. `` Spear of Destiny , etc. '' because of the skeleton-faced Germans on the cover . If you really want to see a good WWII indie film you 'd be better of with `` When Trumpets Fade '' and `` Saints and Soldiers . '' `` Combat ! '' television series in the 60 's was way better . This was a waste of my time and money .
 This is not a review ... I am just trying to tell you that this DVD does NOT have English subtitles as advertised by you !! I am stuck with this DVD as it would cost almost as much returning as buying another !!
 this film was bad on many levels . this is a low budget film . Most of this film is filled with bright shining flashbacks to the soldiers girlfriends . they do it so much its annoying . the acting was very poor , the script may have been written by a ten year old . the super soldiers in this film are children . the super soldiers are not effective soldiers and die easily . The Nazis in this film wear green overcoats and in the next scene wear brown coats . The weapons in this film are obvious fakes . the colt 1911 in most of this film looks like a bb gun . the luger has no moving toggle and clicks many times when empty . The tank in this film , supposed to be a Tiger is an obvious fake . Somehow the tank commander is in command of all the Nazis in this film . The editor of this film seems to be a novice . the opening scene a jeep explodes and it takes far too long .
 If you REALLY have to see this movie , borrow it from some poor fool who bought one ... It 's not worth the price of a rental ... I do n't know what movie other folks saw ... It was disjointed , molassas slow throughout the first hour and just all around `` sad '' -LRB- for want of a better discription -RRB- ... Bad props and uniforms/costumes , it was just ALL WRONG any way you look at it and the story was in NO way able to salvage it being just as bad ... SERIOUSLY DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS MOVIE !!!
 In light of all the books I 've read and movies I 've seen on the many heroes and common foot soldiers -LRB- also heroes in my eyes -RRB- of WWII , seeing the movie start out with a couple of American deserters , -LRB- one of them 82 Airborne ! -RRB- immediately put me into a bad state of mind . The movie definitely has a European directed feel to it with a lot of heady , trippy flashback stuff going on to try and show us what was zipping through the depressed mind of the Airborne guy and his American GI `` captor . '' There 's also the interaction with civilian children and two adults banded together against the Germans . It all comes down to a weak last stand against the Germans only really seeking a loot of fine art in the basement of the building the Americans and civilians are all holed up in.Some people may like the feel of the movie -LRB- those who know very little of what happened in the ETO -RRB- but I personally would n't watch the movie again.Dark and uninspiring and bit strange .
 I 'll be honest , after the other three reviews , I thought I would give it a try and thank goodness I only rented it . To be honest , I totally regret it and in fact , I think they should have either added this directly to Amazon Prime or paid me to watch it for wasting my time . I 've never had anything bad to say about anything before , but the acting sucked , the backgrounds were fake -LRB- the skull backgrounds were pretty , even though you can easily tell the actors were superimposed on them -RRB- , the sound effects sucked , the plot was horrid and the makeup was terrible . I do n't think this movie even deserves be called a `` B '' movie . It also stole a lot of lines -LRB- `` Do n't bring a knife to a gunfight , '' `` I 'll be back , '' etc. -RRB- and plot from a lot of other movies -LRB- like From Dusk to Dawn , the Howling , Vampires , Blade , etc. -RRB- . Unless you are a glutton for punishment or you need a good laugh , do n't even bother with this until it goes to Prime .
 The cover art was the best thing about this movie . Had I bought this for around $ 5 I would not have been as disappointed as I was . I guess I was expecting more for the price I paid .
 Mary-Kate & Ashely are cute but this movie is not one of their best.I do n't like any of their songs .
 What a waste of time . We have probably seen every dog movie available . This one is so formulaic , boring , and over-acted . We never laughed .
 TOTAL RACIST TRASH . Hitler could could not have done better . The negative racist stereotypes and racist portrayal of Sicilian Americans is disgusting and shocking . Any parents who allow their children to view this film are evil and degenerate and racist . RACISM MUST NOT BE PROMOTED .
 27 minutes of gibberish . Purportedly about the Sumerian ` gods ' , Zacharia Sitchen 's research , and ` ancient astronauts ' , this mish-mash of whatever happens to strike the presenter 's fancy -LRB- from Gilgamesh to the Yakima Valley to Bigfoot and beyond -RRB- is , at best , an amateurish compilation of utterly unrelated topics , and at worse , pointless nonsense . This is n't even the Cliff Notes version of any of the various subjects Ms. Andersen presents . Why this abomination ever made it to DVD is the only mystery left unsolved .
 I could not even finish this documentary , it was so boring that I could not handle more than 10 minutes . If you could congrads you must have been on some kind of drug unlike myself .
 Movie is OK as far as story but that is about as far as the good goes . The acting was amateur at best . Reminded me of a bunch of re-in actors trying to act . The in flight scenes were very nice even though you could tell they were computer graphics . The scenes showing the airfield were to cartoonish for me . All in all I am very disappointed in the film . Having to put out so much money for such a low budget film was the worst let down of all .
 What I learned from this movie.Cuss as much as you can f *** f *** F *** . Drinking will make you new friends and solve all problems!The movie actually encourages the characters to drink to solve their problems!The story is very very poor . Not realistic and slow broken story .
 The saddest part of this film is the CGI . The filmmakers obviously had no funding to do things right , so they turned this into a video game with live actors . The actors were bad but I suspect that was more because the script was so bad . I ca n't believe it got any funding at all.There are no transitions , and the conflict is absent too . Nothing makes sense and there is no sense of impending danger despite the fact that these are pilots in the Eighth Air Force and more likely to die than soldiers landing on the beaches at Normandy . The film is supposed to be about the bombing raids on Rome but there 's no build up , nothing to foreshadow what lies ahead.The story idea is great , but it stays an idea and nothing more . I love any and all WWII films and I usually just buy them straight off , but this time I happened to see it at Redbox and so I rented it for $ 1.20 . So glad I did.Save your money . When Steven Spielberg gets around to the American bombing raid on Rome , then you can buy the DVD . Sadly , this is n't it .
 Let me begin by saying that it would have been a real pleasure to be able to give this film a rating of either four or five stars . Unfortunately , I think it 's important to give an honest review of this type of film which involves both military and aviation history as well as film making.This is a military aviation history drama that makes extensive use of Computer Generated Imaging . CGI particularly lends itself to this genre due to the prohibitive costs involved in using actual equipment , either original or replicas , as well as the associated costs , insurance , safety hazards , etc. . That said , CGI also allows the replication of actual incidents and events that would be extraordinarily dangerous to recreate.Another factor with the cuurent technoligical development of CGI is that it still does n't look `` real '' . This is not a problem as long as the film makers are able to present as accurate a representation as they can of the look and feel of the events and actions , that they wish to present to a viewer who would be intersted in this type of film.While the appearance of the Boeing B-17 -LRB- medium -RRB- bomber , the `` Fortress '' is very well done , in most of the scenes there is a minor innaccuracy in the takeoff film sequences . The film shows the fully loaded B-17 aircraft taking off with the speed , elegance and grace of a partially loaded fighter plane of that era . In reality , the word that best describes the takeoff of the fully loaded World War Two bomber is `` Labored '' . The depictions of the bomber stream when the bombers encounter Flak are well done . During their approach to target the bombers are attacked by enemy fighter aircraft and the film producers got the sound effcts wrong . The film depicts the sound of the bombers fifty caliber defensive fire against the fighters accurately but the attacking fire of the fighters is all wrong . The later model Messerschmitt -LRB- BF-109F -RRB- fighters shown , like all of the 109 fighters , were equipped with either fifteen or twenty millimeter cannon , one in each wing . These weapons had a slightly slower rate of fire combined with a much louder and distinctive report as each round was fired . The airmen who flew the bombers have always spoken of being able , by sound alone , to know when an enemy aircraft was firing its ' armament . This type of innaccuracy could still be excused if the rest of the film was true to life in its representation.The scene that is the real `` Howler '' occurs in that part of the film where the enemy gunfire flashes are shown . This scene also has an interception by Americam P-40 fighter aircraft of which more later . The scene shows the Luftwaffe aircraft using their smallest -LRB- 7.62 / .30 caliber -RRB- nose mounted machineguns to attack the bombers . Firstly , even if a german fighter pilot was literally able to attain 100 % accuracy with these weapons , after firing all of his ammunition into a B-17 and having nothing left , the bomber would have proceeded onward as if nothing had happened . It would be like a single bee trying to drop an elephant . Secondly it was a not uncommon practice for Luftwaffe pilots to tell their ground crews not to put any ammunition in the nose guns as they were considered useless in aerial combat and the weight saving was a bigger positive for the overall performance of the fighter.In the interception scene the B-17 bomber crew , under attack by five BF-109 fighters , call for help from any American fighters in the area . Help arrives in the form of two P-40 fighter aircraft which , in the film , shoot down three of the enemy aircraft and drive the other two off . The P-40 was one of the main fighter aircraft that the U.S. went to war with , having been designed and in production before the war . Due to USAAF guidelines , the P-40 operated at low altitude -LRB- below 12,000 feet -RRB- ; above which its performance , in all regards , rapidly fell off . As a consequence it was used either for ground attack , against bombers operating at low level or against other aircraft that had equal or inferior flight characteristics . A more important factor was the qualitative difference between the P-40 and the BF-109 . The BF was superior in speed , rate of climb , ability to operate at higher altitudes and firepower . In this latter case the P-40 , being equipped with six .50 caliber machineguns had to get in closer in order to be able to hit the enemy aircraft while the BF-109 could stand off and fire at greater ranges due to its cannon armament . The P-40 was equal to the BF-109 in dive and superior to it in turns . In the real life situation depicted in the film the P-40s would have attempted to draw off the BF fighters using a series of feints and mock attacks , assuming the American pilots had some experience and training . Unless American pilots flying P-40s had an overwhelming advantage in numbers at favorable altitude they would not have tangled with the Messerschmitts . Why the film makers did not depict the use of the P-51B or even P-47 as American fighters , which would have been more accurate and believable for this scene , escapes me.Overall this is a watchable film that suffers mostly from lack of research by the film makers .
 I love the fact that a movie showcasing a bomber crew was made , however without a huge budget , movies like these just wo n't work . The movie made due with what budget it had , and presumably got the best actors they could . However , no matter what , it just fell short .
 Film and story line was n't the best . I did watch the film to the ending . They could have used old actual WWII footage instead of cheap garphics .
 I just watched this movie here in Brasil in Blu-ray . The video quality is just like a DVD . The worst DVDs.The sound is Dolby Digital . By the way , BAD !!! And the movie itself is weak . Bad actors , bad music . Why , someone tell me WHY Blu-rays like these are released ??? Here in Brasil it is released by Focus Films.I read that there is another movie with the same subject , it is a recent Russian movie and someone say that it is great . Someone is making us fools ???
 ... well wait , if I call this movie a turkey it will put you off Thanksgiving meals for years . So lets make this simple , to wit :1 -RRB- Acting - Horrible , even given the fact that it was populatedby `` c '' list actors .2 -RRB- Realism - Non-existant !! The aircraft were all -LRB- very obviously -RRB- computer graphics ... including the long shots of the airbase . It was as if this was a High School productionof `` Memphis Belle '' using student actors and sets that wouldfit on the stage of a High School auditorium ! 3 -RRB- Other - The premise , i.e. , an Irish crew that drinks constantly , getsroaring drunk -LRB- both officers and enlisted men together -RRB- andflies missions into Italy the next day , ispreposterous ... and I have n't even mentioned the `` still `` where they make their own booze right under the noseof the commanding officers . I could go on and on , as wherethey take a -LRB- computer graphic -RRB- B-17 up to about 30,000 feetAfter they lose TWO engines , etc. , etc.In a nutshell , this may be the 21st century 's version of `` Plan 9 From Outer Space '' ... without Bela Lugosi.P.S . I just read some of the positive reviews written about this movie and it makes me wonder if they actually watched the movie ... or if they somewhow watched a different movie than I watched !!!
 This is a really bad copy of the original . I have a better u.k. video home transfer to DVD , from a video I bought here years ago . I should offer it to the company that made this one to do it again . It would improve on it a lot , even though my tape had tracking problems!My one star rating is for the outer box only , that part was fine !
 This is the worst movie I have bought from Amazon . It is suppose to be remastered -- it tells you that at the start of the show -- but how in the world can they sell it like it was > ? It is over developed and hard to see -- Do Not But It ! I am sure Amazon would never had put it on the market if they knew this .
 I first read the book by Katherine Sager , it was extremely good . She was there , it was about her family . I ca n't believe how a screenwriter and director can turn a great book into such a poor movie .
 I bought this as part of my social studies curriculum for fifth grade . I have the disc on VHS and have shown it for years as part of our Oregon Trail Study . Because it is VHS , we had to watch it on a 19 inch TV . I thought the DVD would be great to show on the Smartboard so the picture would be bigger and students could see it better.Don ' t buy this one ! The picture quality is horrible beyond belief . We will be showing the last half today and using the VHS and tiny TV in the classroom .
 Do not buy this product ! The quality of this product surpassed what I was even expecting having read the other reviews of poor quality . Unwatchable . Terrible waste of money . Tape it yourselves when it comes on instead .
 Horrible video quality ... almost non watchable . Story is fine but the quality of the video leaves alot to be desired . We were barely able to watch it because of the video quality .
 While I do n't always get to see the wide range of movies thanks to shoddy stores , I 've always loved many of the films that come from Asia from the horror of Ringu and Ju-On to animated ones like Millennium Actress or the quirky awesomeness of the Host . So I like to check out films that most otherwise would bypass but I 've heard of Stephen Chow and his films `` Kung Fu Hustle '' and `` Shaolin Soccer '' but never have actually seen them but when his new film , a family film called `` CJ7 '' was out , I thought I 'd check it out . Ultimately what I got was a cute and time-tested idea ruined by some bad script decisions and humor.Ti is a hard-working man with a job at the construction site but he 's so poor that he has to work extra hours just to buy an electric fan and good luck finding decent food as well . His son Dicky is enrolled into a school so he can realize his full potential if only it were n't for his ratty clothes and constant picking-on by classmates and even teachers . So when Ti brings home a ball hoping to give the kid a new , impressive toy , Dicky 's surprised that it 's actually an alien from outer space and the 2 become friends and help deal with their family problems.That last part I have to admit was a little hard to write since it does n't really do that all that much , or well . Think back to the film this got compared to
 I like Stephen Chow 's work . Especially Shaolin Soccer and Kung Fu Hustle . -LRB- I have Kung Fu Hustle on DVD , Blu-Ray and UMD . -RRB- I pre-ordered this DVD without seeing it first . I wish I had seen the movie in the theater first . It is not what I expected . Yes , it is probably intended to be a `` family film . '' That 's perfectly fine . However , I can not imagine sitting down and watching this with any young kids . Unless of course it 's pouring raining outside and they just watched `` Bambi '' and `` Old Yeller '' back to back . That will prepare them for what is to come in this movie.There is some cute stuff in the movie . But there is also some content that might be difficult or emotional for some kids.The brief homages to Shaolin Soccer , Kung Fu Hustle and Mission
 I appreciate other reviewers here cautioning us as to the content of this movie , and I think that caution should be heeded . This movie vastly presents itself as a whimsical almost light-hearted morality tale for youngsters , but there are definitely a half a dozen scenes so different as to be glaringly out of place , if not downright unsuitable for young children . For instance , in one scene the father thinks the boy is lying and begins to whip him with escalating frustration , to the point of being what in this country would definitively be called abuse . I was so stunned by this scene that I thought for a moment that the movie must have skipped to an `` extra features '' section . Then there is the boy stabbing his toy . The point here is not that children never project their frustration through acting out violently . The point here is that this movie is so predominantly a child oriented fantasy that this scene of violence is completely out of place . There are several other scenes that fall into this category.I like some of Steven Chow 's other movie 's -LRB- I 'm a huge fan of Kung Fu Hustle -RRB- . And though there are many things I liked about this film , its construction seems poor compared to his previous work . These out of place sequences disturb me enough that I am forced to rate this movie much lower than it could possibly have been .
 Please do n't waste any money on this film . The idea of the film is wonderful but it never delivers . Between the bad acting and the deviations from scripture you hardly recognize the story at all . The writer seems more interested in furthering his anti-Semitic cause then exploring race issues . If you do n't know anything about history , scripture or not really interested in either then you might get something out of it , otherwise skip it . My only regret in that this movie bombed is that people may think that no one is interested in seeing biblical characters being portrayed as people of color when the truth is the movie is just bad .
 I am a black man in America . I saw `` The Passion '' by Mel Gibson . In the same respect I saw this movie by Jean-Claude LaMarre . I respected Jean-Claude ever since I first saw him playing a role in Malcom X. Yet , after this film I can not help but feel saddened by his efforts . After all these years , is Jesus ' death for the sins of mankind to be cheapened by the result of racial discrimination ? The movie did not give an accurate portrayal of the events that led to the death of Jesus Christ . If anyone argues this point , I beg them to go read a Holy Bible .
 The idea of Jesus being black is no more absurd than Jesus being a blue eyed blond . That is not the point . According to the New Testament Jesus of Nazareth was tried and convicted of blasphemy . He claimed to be God which really ticked off the religious leaders of the day . This film throws out that idea entirely and has Jesus being a victim of racial bigotry . The film also reports that the only reason that Jesus was born in a manger is because black folks were not welcomed at the Inn . It dose n't stop there . Jesus is crucified but is not raised from the dead . Just one more misunderstood black man who ai n't coming back . This movie will likely appeal to those who are more interested in Tupac than Jesus . The film is the product of modern American political correctness rather than a depiction of Jerusalem 2000 years ago . The only way this could have been made worse if they had subtitled this `` Jesus -- the Original Gangsta '' .
 This movie is to focused on race . The one movie we get to see a black man depicted as jesus and it has to be the worst person I had ever seen to portray him . I am Glad this movie went unnoticed . Maybe a good production , starring a black man as Jesus , can be made .
 Its not the idea that Jesus was a man of color , there are clear indications that he might have been . Its the ridiculous notions and `` creative liberty '' that is taken with the scripture . I am so upset and hurt by this sinful depiction of Jesus , his disciples and the events leading up to his death.Sure , if he was black I truly believe that the crucifixion had something to do with him being black , but the reality is that there is no scriptural proof that Judas raped Mary or that Mary was `` in love '' with Jesus or that Jesus was a man of worry , fear or indifference.It is these types of destructive `` interpretations '' that lead people astray . I am also disgusted that Bishop Jakes was so money motivated that he would allow his movie to be a preview on something that so obviously nullifies scripture for self interpretation and profit .
 I think if you are sincerely looking for an experience of the Cross and the Christ of the Cross you should not spend one cent on this DVD
 I am a african american woman I 'm all for A black christ but come on now this movie was totally whack and the guy they chose to play christ was a horrible choice , he could not act . Jim cavisel was christ in the passion but he could accually act , he made you believe it this guy was a insult to christ .
 Jean-Claude La Marre has brought a new vision of Christ to the screen , and for this he should be applauded . Presenting Jesus as a black man , invites a whole host of questions about how much God understands the suffering of all people . However , I did not feel the issue of black suffering was dealt with as much as it could have been . I think that rather than re-tell the Gospel account of Jesus ' last 48 hours by simply putting a black man into Jesus ' shoes , it might have made for a more interesting -LRB- and thought-provoking -RRB- film to begin with a discussion of how blacks have suffered at the hands of -LRB- Christian -RRB- whites over the years , and then consider how this would have impacted on Jesus if he had been black -LRB- or stood in the shoes of black people who have suffered -RRB- . I applaud the decision to present Jesus as a black man , but as this was simply a re-telling of the story we know there was absolutely no way the issue of race and racism could be explored in any real depth . Although it was stated on the DVD cover that this film would suggest that the Crucifixion was racially motivated , this was not actually brought out in the film . A few scattered references to Jesus being black and having black parents , does not make the Crucifixion a race-issue . In fact , by the end of the film I was actually left with the impression that Jesus was still put to death for claiming to be Messiah , but just happened to be black!One line that was repeated in the film twice , was the following : ` In my father 's eyes we are all different , yet we are all the same . ` If this was supposed to the central theme of the film , it was lost on me . If anything , I felt anti-Semitism was a key theme in the film , rather than Jesus ' blackness ! As a good example of how the issue of racism was not tackled in the film , one of the disciples began to recount the story of The Good Samaritan , yet was stopped by one of the others -LRB- because the ` master tells better stories -RRB- . This was a shame , as this story/parable is not just a lesson about treating your neighbour well , but also addresses the matter of racism . For it was the despised -LRB- half-cast -RRB- Samaritan , who Jesus told his Jewish audience to be the one acting well , rather than the Jewish religious leaders passing by the man in need . Now here was an opportunity to discuss the matter of race and racism in the context of the biblical teaching , yet it was lost for the sake of a mediocre ` joke ' . In terms of the technical aspects of the film , the DVD cover describes this film as ` epic ' . Now with a 2.5 million dollar budget , there was certainly a descent amount of money attached to this project , but I am not sure this is reflected in the overall look of the film , such as to describe it as ` epic ' . Certainly there are some good-looking moments in the film , but most of the time the set-design and costumes looked a little too faux-first century for my taste . Also , there was a lot of woodenness in much of the acting . Some performances were painful at times , and even Jean-Claude La Marre seemed a little unsure about how to play the ` Son of God ' . Certainly his scene in Gethsemane is an example of over-acting par excellence ! There were also some moments where the direction seemed questionable -LRB- i.e. choice of camera angle -RRB- , and editing was choppy in some places leading to a significant drop in tension and narrative -LRB- when the opposite effect was clearly being sought -RRB- . I think this was a brave film , but in the end a lost opportunity . There are some nice moments in it -LRB- E.g. where Jesus washes the disciples ' feet , no matter what their skin colour is -RRB- , but far too much of the time seemed to be spent on lesser issues . If this was a film designed to provoke a thoughtful response about black suffering , then for me it needed more than just a black actor playing Jesus and various black actors crying at his Crucifixion . Some actual discussion of this matter during the course of the film would have been nice too !
 This movie was awful.Every bit of the acting was awful.The charachters were undeveloped . The disciples were too militant!The plot was completely RIDICULOUS ! The movie focused solely on the Romans search for the `` Black Nazarene '' , and none of Jesus ' teachings or miracles were touched on . When Mary asked Joseph , `` Do they want to kill him because he 's black !!!! '' ended it for me . The rest of the movie from that point was garbage . Someone mentioned that the Ressurection should have been touched on , too . All I have to say in response to that -LRB- and in response to my OWN review -RRB- is that you ca n't really delve into the more pertinent aspects of the life of Jesus because this movie so poorly focused on race . This was trash!I have no problem with modernizing historical stories -LRB- prime examples Romeo and Juliet , and Othello -RRB- , but to add a modern `` controversy '' and keep all other aspects of the story the same just did n't work for me.The best part of the movie to me is the Final Supper . I bought this yesterday off of amazon on accident so I 'm going to return it without opening it and get my money back . This was an AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL movie .
 Yes , there was racism played out in Jesus ' death . But because he was Jewish and the Greeks and Romans hated the Jews , especially one who claimed to be the King of Kings . The Greek and Roman kings declared that they were God and were worshiped by their subjects . If not , they would be killed . Well , here comes Jesus , not only Jewish , but claiming to sit on a throne higher than theirs . So Jesus was indeed a threat . That 's why they killed him . Because bottom line , he called for everyone , kings included , to worship the one true God . Jesus WAS dark skinned , but because he was Jewish . He could have been purple for all I care . But it is important to understand that Jesus said he is for ALL people . We do n't have to mess with biblical facts in order to believe in his love and redemption for ALL people . Just accept him as he is , do n't go trying to change the truth in order to make him more palatable or stylish .
 Well as if this movie was n't yet another lame attempt at portraying Jesus was n't bad enough the acting and production is one of the worst ever . The real blunder is what seems to be the norm in these movies , like The Passion , Jesus of Nazareth , is that it bring you up to the cross , then takes maybe a step after , then `` blink '' the movie is over . As if this was just another senseless murder that has gone on through history.Look , if your going to make a movie about a man who , its clear if you just read his story in the gospels , clearly said he came to die , and that everything `` everything '' that he is focusing on while here on earth is all about the resurrection.The gospels are only the start of the New Testament , then it goes on was longer after that . With plenty of information and stories about after the resurrection.Now , you do n't have to believe in it , that is your free will.But this is `` His '' story , and how it 's told . So if you 're going to do a movie on `` Him '' then you ca n't just clip out one half.The Cross is one half ; the resurrection is the other half.You ca n't have one without the other.It 's as simple as that.Do it right or leave it alone . -LRB- ps , if you want to really laugh and I mean really bust a gut , see `` the Green Pastures '' its just out on DVD . look it up here in amazon . I found this on accident and well , its about a black heaven , and its made along time ago , but its so wordy , you will have to stop the dvd all the time because because you are laughing so hard you miss what they say next . I wrote a big review on it . I was nearly on the floor nearing the end of the movie , and have had to watch it several times just to take it all in . -RRB-
 this movie has two ` hooks ' to it :1 . jesus is black . this idea originated in recent history , and is wrong . people seem to assume because jesus was n't white -LRB- not using the umbrella white -LRB- as used in usa to mean anyone of european extraction , just as african-american is equally wrongly used -LRB- it 's used to mean black , when the name means anything but . -RRB- -RRB- as anyone from danes to greeks to french to ukrainians , but meaning generic northern european ` whites ' -RRB- he could just be labelled as black . wrong . jesus would n't have been white or black , as they are commonly held , but more in between -LRB- in terms of pigment -RRB- , like a typical person of middle eastern descent .2 . this movie then takes this already false premise further by claiming jesus was crucified because of his race . what ?!? it 's another ridiculous example of modern historical revisionism , where anyone can make up anything about the past just to suit what they want to believe . it 's like when people claim egypt was a great black african civilization , when egypt in actuality was a great civilization of ethnic middle eastern people ...
 Luckily I only rented this movie.Parts were funny , parts made me want to go get a refund from the videostore.Lots of scenes made me smack my forehead and think to myself , `` What the heck . That 's so stupid '' or `` Ack ! That 's so wrong ! ''
 Now , here I thought I had run this thing out of production a few years ago , only to find out it 's been released as a dvd . I do n't even recall how I found out about this thing , but I mounted a campaign against it for the racist piece of trash and drivel that it is . Why did these black actors make this thing ? Why did these two racist white boys make this movie ? Why do they keep perpetuating women as willing and eager -LSB- ... -RSB- ? Why did n't they do white women this way ? Did these two white boys dream of pimping black women when they were that young ? I am going to write amanzon a protest letter as I purchase exclusively from them , I may have to take my business elswhere or just buy direct from the stores . PLEASE DO NOT WAST YOUR MONEY ON THIS RACIST PIECE OF TRASH AND DRIVEL ! I actually give it no stars so scratch the one above . I could n't get away with giving it none .
 After watching Bernie Mac in a number of his movies I found his comedy extremely funny . This movie is up there with the worst of animated comedy I have ever seen . The main character 's annoying high pitched voice was enough to infuriate anyone . The jokes were extremely lame and the plot did n't go anywhere . If you want to suffer through 75mins of your life this movie is the one for you . Any comparisons between this movie and South Park are clearly not valid as South Park is actually funny . If you want my advice on the film I say `` you could burn your money and get a better investment out of it than buying this one ''
 I 've tried to get this dvd twice and the dvd was defective both times .
 Amazon is the 3rd vendor I have tried to buy this movie from and all copies I got including the one from Amazon were bad . Something seriously was wrong and the disc would n't play at all in DVD player or on my computer .
 Gun Shy is an unfunny dark comedy about an undercover DEA officer , Charlie Mayough -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- , who is depressed and terrified of dying while working undercover . As expected in this type of movie , he is roped into one last dangerous assignment before retirement . It turns out to be a lot trickier than expected as he sets up a deal where he 's the middle man between a culturally sensitive Columbian drug cartel and a violent Mafia thug named Fulvio -LRB- Oliver Platt -RRB- . Charlie slips in an out of dangerous situations so easily and without emotion it 's very hard to believe he could be as consumed with fear and terror as the movie would have us believe . The only sign of his fear is his irritable bowel which is maybe supposed to be funny potty humor . Charlie begins group therapy in hopes of controlling his fears and makes friends with his fellow group therapy members.Liam stood out awkwardly in his role as the terrified undercover cop . It 's as if the burden of his dramatic r&eacute;sum&eacute; prevents him from cracking a smile . His delivery was dry and fell flat in every scene . Humor may be beyond his capabilities as an actor . Unfortunately the fate of the movie rested on Liam 's lacking shoulders.The usually hilarious Oliver Platt delivers a performance that is as flat as a pancake . He plays an incompetent two-bit mobster , Fulvio Nesstra who dreams of getting of of his clich&eacute;d ' existence . He 's also married to the bitchy daughter of a mob Don . Their marriage is a mess , but we never really understand if this bothers Fulvio and why he married her -LRB- Mary McCormack -RRB- in the first place . Are their mutual put-downs and fights how this couple expresses their love for each other or is Fulvio in a loveless marriage ? Why are we shown so much of his marriage if it never goes anywhere ?
 After attempting to order this four times and each time receiving a defective DVD , I stopped trying to purchase this item .
 Just as others have mentioned - my DVD does not work . I am hoping the next one will !
 There is only one reason to rent or buy this highly derivative , would-be noir , low-budget indie flick -- Michael Wincott 's skillful , moving performance in what is apparently his only full-length , feature role -LRB- after years of doing small supporting parts mostly as psychotic serial killers -RRB- . Here he is very moving in a complex role as a soft-hearted Mafia wiseguy with a penchant for saving people . It is a neat idea that takes your initial stereotyped reaction to his harsh appearance and deep , gravely voice -- that he is going to be yet another crazy killer -- and spins it in the other direction . By the end of the movie , its his character -LRB- Frankie -RRB- you are concerned about ... not the `` hero '' . While the film is otherwise pretty forgettable , I could n't get Wincott 's performance out of my mind after seeing it this summer . Prior to that , I had never heard of this very talented actor before.Unfortunately , GUNSHY is otherwise badly flawed , suffering from a genuinely awful script by Larry Gross -LRB- 48 Hours -RRB- loaded with absolute howlers , corny situations and references to better films -LRB- especially GROSSE POINT BLANK , DONNIE BRASCO , GET SHORTY , LEAVING LAS VEGAS , MONA LISA , just to mention a few -RRB- that just make this look very lame in comparison ... plus the absurdness of a crime gang that has exactly four members , one of whom is in a wheelchair , and who hail from that crime mecca of IRELAND . The terrible problem of IRISH gangland crime in Atlantic City?The other leads are just unbelievably bad in this . They are otherwise respected performers , so I am not sure if the bad script or bad direction threw them off or what . William L. Petersen in particular is actually embarrassing . He is very badly miscast as Jake Bridges , a down-and-out journalist , who just like the character in `` Leaving Las Vegas '' has gone to a gambling mecca to drink himself to death . Petersen 's performance is full of annoying mannerisms -- it is really agonizing to watch the hammy expression on his face as he chokes down drinks -LRB- demon alchohol , I guess -RRB- . Combined with his heartless betrayal of his only friend Frankie , this makes Jake unsympathetic , and as he is the protagonist AND narrator that throws the whole dramatic structure of the film off-kilter . Beautiful Diane Lane -LRB- Melissa -RRB- is so affectless and flat that she is barely engaged with the story at all and is handicapped by a dreadfully fake `` dees-dem-does Jersey '' accent . -LRB- Needless to say , when either of them has a scene with Wincott , they are simply blown off the screen by his intensity and professionalism . -RRB- She has zero sexual chemistry with either actor , and she is particularly unbelievable as a nurse -- who wears spike heels to work with her nurse 's whites ! -- and who does n't seem to know better than to leave a man -LRB- severely beaten and in shock -RRB- passed out unconscious on her living room sofa . The script suffers from Mr. Gross 's concept that nursing is a loser profession for uneducated gun molls , a very odd idea indeed , as an R.N. would normally have a college degree and earn a very good income.Additionally , I have a hard time believing that Mr. Gross ever did more than visit Atlantic City -- this film does n't have the gritty realism of a story set in a very particular time and place . It could have been set most anywhere and indeed was filmed mostly on soundstages in L.A. -LRB- so why not set it there ? Or right ... the whole `` Leaving Las Vegas '' drunk thing -RRB- . Except for a nice aerial shot of the Jersey shoreline in the titles , we see almost nothing of the casinos , or beaches or anything that would particularly center this story in its location.Some other reviewers have commented on a homoerotic thread running through the story . This is n't really supported by the performances , but it certainly leads to some very odd lines in the movie . Jake mentions to Melissa that `` both men and women find him very attractive '' -- not the sort of thing one usually says to a girl you are trying to pick up . But the most egregious example is in a shooting range , where gangster Frankie is teaching writer Jake how to use a handgun for the first time , and as they take turns firing their weapons , Jake tells Frankie , `` Now I know what I was afraid of ... it feels so good . '' Uh ... OK . Phallic reference . I get it . But nothing is developed along this plotline , there is no erotic chemistry between the actors , and it 's just a pointless and embarrassing red herring.The two worst moments in this movie are when Petersen abruptly and pointlessly bursts into the sea chanty `` What do you do with a drunken sailor ? '' and sings THE WHOLE THING while waiting for the other gangsters to complete a bank robbery . This is crawl-under-your-seat embarassing.The other one is near the end , when we see Petersen in jail -- a country club prison for white collar criminals , no doubt , as he has a private cell with his own desk and typewriter . In a cutaway , we see a bookstore piled with copies of his book , `` Deception in Atlantic City
 this movie to me was not that great , a B movie , the only thing going for it was Kellan Lutz . I 'm glad he 's moved up to better movies .
 This creature feature follows the formula for films of its kind
 Ironic this was about a shipwreck , because that 's exactly how I would describe it as a movie . The title was rather misleading , especially since ` they ' came during the day as well . The movie spent way too much time on weak romantic character development and not enough time on suspense or scares - unless you are frightened by rustling leaves and shaking branches . Without the usual formula of naked women , gore , or scares to hold your attention , not sure what the intended purpose of this B-movie was . The whole thing seemed rushed , and frankly , I was in a hurry for it to be over as well . The premise and appearance of the creatures ripped off Predator . And only because I actually loved Predator , I gave it two stars instead of just one .
 Sorry , sux . It 's not funny -LRB- although the creature-makeup looks like leftovers from ORCS -RRB- , it 's not scary -LRB- how can anybody compare it to DESCENT -LSB- like the German bluray-backcover does ? -RRB- but it 's boring ... 5 not very likable 20-somethings are stranded on an remote island , there are noises in the trees ... and halt-eaten carcasses . ok , reads like a dozen other shaky-cam snooze-fests from the last months . what sets it apart ? nothing . dont buy , dont rent ... dont even look at the cover while browsing at blockbuster 's .
 Not funny . I could not see the charactures it was like 1/2 hour of the same scene over and over . what a waste of time .
 I tried , tried , tried , tried to get into this program , but I just oucld not . I could not make it past the first epi .
 TOTAL TRASH !!! ` Special effects ? ' They look like screan savers . Realy!Location ? Looks like the live action was filmed in someones very rundown and small apartment . When you hang sheets on a wall and call it a back drop you tell me everything I need to know . Realy!Production quality ? Out of focus and cheep camcorder . Realy!Script ? Dialogue ? Concept ? They must have been doing angle dust . Realy!The good reviews ? Someone who made this must have a few friends . Realy !
 Jeff Wincott the action-martial arts underground hero tries to imitate the DIE HARD legacy here in an all too familar terriotry with the same kind of villains i ` ve seen countless times before . Wincott plays a former FBI agent who comes back to duty when he finds out his father has been kidnapped by terriosts and is held hostage in a chemical plant . High kicking action and mornic shootouts ca n`t possibly save this film from repeating the same action from previous film of the genre . And let ` s face it Jeff Wincott is no Bruce Willis .
 This video does not teach you anything about surfing at all ! It talks about waves lengths and tides and exercises you can do and the types of boards you can buy but nothing about learning to surf ! It even has the gall to insert an video advertisement for something called `` the Vasa '' for about 20 minutes right in the middle .
 It was the same as any other story similar to many others and I thought the insects were computerized ... . Nice story BUT has been done many times , in many movies ...
 I watched this movie expecting it to be a heartwarming adventure . It ended up being a sentimental load of crap . It was so bad , as my eight-year-old sister said , `` I wish the boy would have died of cancer ! '' The bugs were cool , but it was boring , and the plot smelled like a stink bug . I would rather have gone to the dentist . The best part was the credits . Save yourself the trouble , and do n't watch this movie .
 What a let down ! So far I have not finished watching the movie . Not for lack of trying , it 's just all so predictable and stupid . Considering that this is not a B movie such as Evil Dead the actors suck , they do n't fit the part . And could they have gotten an uglier person for the leading lady/main character ? The whole premise as to why she would be cursed is just beyond moronic . `` I beg you and you have shamed me '' ? WTF ! So some creepy lady starts to make a scene and grabs your ankle ... yeah I could see how calling for security would be an outrageous insult ! And the fact that they even thought the whole loan extension thing was viable and understandable during our economic crisis is just stupid ! Banks are now more that ever tightening thier belts . Ok , I have let off some steam so Im gon na go in for my third attempt at this `` Horror '' movie . I have to , I sadly bought it -LRB- sigh -RRB- . Maybe pigs will fly and the movie will get better . I 'm betting on the pigs .
 I saw this movie today . I watch the show Dexter and Supernatural , grew up on games like Mortal Kombat , I have read the Satanic Bible by Anton Lavey as well as other Satanist literature . I even flirted once with the idea of joining the Church of Satan -LRB- I opted not to however do to major philosophical disagreements with Anton Lavey , I do not support the views of Ayn Rand , Ragner Redbeard or social darwinism while Anton Lavey does -RRB- . This movie went way to far in my opinion . I really was disgusted with the fact that children and kittens were murdered -LRB- I currently grieving the loss a dog who died last September and was very dear to me which made the pet being killed even more upsetting -RRB- . A documentary about child or animal abuse at least has educational merit . However this movie was designed to be entertaining . I 'm sorry but it is not -LRB- at least not to me -RRB- . There have been some reviews I have read that say that this movie is supposed to be hilarious . Excuse me ? A women murdered her cat and a child was killed . I think one would need to be sadistic and downright sociopathic to find that kind of stuff funny.I read a review of this movie that said that justice was served . Really ? The main character felt badly about her actions and tried to make it right and to make up for her mistake . She also was overall a reasonably decent person . So I think eternal damnation was seriously overdoing it.As far as the kid . He tried to give what he took back and I think that ought to count for something . At most the kid should get a time out or something . I think sending children to hell under any circumstances is pretty unjust.Even the Church of Satan has problems with killing animals and children . However , they may not have the same views as I about films like this.I have an English tutor who once said that art reflects the soul . If that is true than the director of this film is truly disturbed indeed and probably a truly sadistic individual .
 This movie was a waste of money . It is not scary at all , which from the preview was expected . There is nothing but bad attempts of trying to make you laugh . If I had known what this movie was like I would of never of paid for a ticket . No laughs , no jumps just a waste of time . I rather sit and watch something as bad as The Spirit then watch this ever again .
 After I watched this film , I was pretty much upset.I did n't expect watching movies like Omen . A serious horror.But this one does n't have anything inside . Not like Evil Dead , this one losts it 's way from the very beginning.Also I did n't find a single reason why I should like the actress . She is just faceless.Also the result is pretty easy to figure from the very beginning.I hate to say this but , Sam , stop pretending to be an independent horror film director anymore . You lost your own color !
 First let me say that I am a big Evil Dead Trilogy fan and I had such high expectations for this film after reading the press reviews . But after actually seeing the movie for myself , it is quite a let down . The humor you read about just is n't here , I did not laugh once during this movie . There are no memorable lines worth quoting as there are in Sam 's other horror classics . And oh , the horror , of a goat and an old lady with no teeth ! Are you kidding me . Also , if you are like me , you will see the twist at the end coming a mile away . The acting was ok but nothing memorable there either . Save your money and rent this one and then go out a buy Trick r Treat , it is everything this movie tries to be . Sorry Sam Raimi but you are no longer the king .
 Outrageous , over the top , and utterly ridiculous is what I thought while watching this film . A fragile story is used to create a new myth -LRB- which was not bad , but the plot was so weak I could care less about the legend -RRB- , does not make me like or care about any of the characters.Christine Brown -LRB- unfortunately played by Alison Lohman -RRB- is a nice farm girl , trying to be a big city girl . She has a successful and rich boyfriend -LRB- Justin Long , who is super weak ... I like him better in Mac commercials -RRB- , a job she is good at , a promotion waiting for her , plus she is just as sweet as can be . But she makes a costly decision when she decides to be the business minded city girl , instead of the sweet friendly farm girl . A curse followed by many gory gross out moments later , and the whole time I am telling myself , at least this movie will end the right way.Weak acting , a strange story line , scenes that go on far too long , ridiculous over-the-top gross out antics
 All I can say is that I wish I had been dragged to hell instead of watching this rubbish , Sam Raimi is losing his touch sadly .
 This movie is one of the worst I have ever seen . And I LOVE horror movies . It started out great ... and i had high expectations . But very shortly , the main character showed herself to be unlikeable , stupid and two dimensional . This movie was less gory than oozy , wormy and just gross , and not in the good way . It had some decent special effects , I will give it that . But by the end , my boyfriend and I were yelling at the tv ... `` Just drag her to hell !! We dont care anymore !! ''
 It 's a confused mess at best . The jump scares get real old after the first 10 times thus making them predictable . I mean it 's like one jump scare after another with little-to-no quiet moments . The leads are bland and the rest are forgettable . The villian is 1D at best . The ending is phoned in a mile away . The only A + in this film that it does try to scare you and it does have scary images , unlike Exorcist 2 . Overall , it 's nothing more then a Evil Dead wannabe that fails to be funny . I give this film a 1 out of 10 .
 Terrible . Simply terrible . Not scary , not funny , poorly acted . I really gave up when she released the anvil that was suspended from the ceiling . Are you kidding me - an ANVIL ? Did n't know if I was watching a horror movie or a Road Runner cartoon . This was so hokey , so lame . I was also surprised to see just how bad the effects were . I thought Sam Raimi had reached the level where he could afford the best and put it on screen . I guess not . Definately avoid this movie .
 This movie started out with promise . There were some scenes that made me jump and shocked me a bit , but I found myself laughing at the cheesy flick more than anything.An eyeball in her cake watching her , the demon spitting her dead cat at her , an old gypsy taking out her dentures and gumming her to death . these things combined to make nothing more than a silly movie that took itself to seriously.My advice ... skip it .
 From Director Sam Raimi comes an absolute piece of junk . At least , that 's what we thought of Drag Me To Hell - our movie of the day.Every year when we get our Christmas tree , we choose a movie or two to watch to get us in the mood so to speak . This year we chose Drag Me To Hell . I never said we chose a holiday movie , just a movie , and this choice fits in with our horror needs ... anyway.What a big pile of crap . First there was absolutely nothing unique about the movie or the underlying plot . There have been any number of stories about a curse being placed on someone and they try to fight it off either by passing it along to someone else or finally succumbing to it . This movie was no different , only with mediocre acting , gore effects , and a talking goat.Justin Long from the `` I 'm a PC , I 'm a Mac '' commercials is the male lead in this movie , although he really does n't serve much of a purpose because he ca n't see any of the `` cursey '' things that are going on . -LRB- the entire scene with his parents also serves no purpose whatsoever so you can ignore that scene -RRB- The one and only one purpose Justin served was at the very end of the movie , which I 'll get to in a moment . Only the female lead can see any of the impacts of the curse because she 's the one who was cursed -LRB- by a gypsy woman who wanted a 3rd extension on her home loan so she would n't lose her house and the female lead would n't give it to her -RRB- . I should mention that there is a side plot about her trying to get a promotion to assistant manager at the bank , but she is sabotaged by a co-worker . This serves absolutely no purpose in the movie so you can safely ignore it.Once the curse takes hold , the girl tries to do what she can to get rid of it including the cold blooded murder of her cat . And if that was n't enough to make you love the movie , let 's bring on a seance and a goat . And not just any goat , a goat that the evil spirit takes over turning it into a talking goat who yells curse words and has big cartoon eyes . Too bad they could n't kill the goat fast enough and destroy the spirit before it took over someone else and was subsequently banished from the room.Predictability continues as the female lead must make a choice - `` Who can I give the curse to ? How can I find someone else who deserves to die ? Wait , what if I give the curse back to the old woman who gave it to me in the first place ?? `` Oh that 's right , the old woman is dead now . I guess we 'll have to dig her up and shove that curse -LRB- imbued inside a coat button -RRB- down her throat . If you 've ever dug a hole you 'll understand that a 120lb girl who works at a bank could NEVER dig up a 6 foot deep coffin by herself in the pouring rain . Ever.But magically she does , and she shoves that curse right down the dead woman 's throat . Well , she would have if she had bothered to open the envelope to check to make sure it was actually the button she was shoving down the dead woman 's throat instead of a special coin that she gave to her boyfriend . But had she checked , the whole ending would have been ruined for us the viewer.We all know that the curse was n't given back to the old woman ... the button is now accidentally in the possession of the boyfriend -LRB- due to a convenient `` envelope swap '' -RRB- and he just ca n't wait to give it to his girlfriend , along with an engagement ring ... but gosh , she bought a new coat ! Now he ca n't be all sentimental and give her the button back . No wait , do n't back away from me toward the train tracks ! It 's just a button ! Oh no , you fell down between the tracks and our train is coming ! Someone save her ! * gasp * The ground just opened up beneath her ! Someone help ! Oh my gosh now I can finally see the curse . I could never see any of the curse before but now I can see it dragging her to hell ! Oh no , now we ca n't get married , and I still have the button!That means there could be a sequel !
 I 'm actually shocked at the number of positive reviews this movie is getting . I feel as if it could have been sooo much better , but the movie seemed a bit overdone . It could have been so much more . She just was n't a believable character.The reason I gave the movie 2 stars is because I liked the ending . The rest of the movie was a bust .
 I was so excited when I went to see this movie in theater . It did n't do much for me though . It has some parts that did scare me . But I 've seen better scary movies .
 i watched it and it felt like it was too short , it ended and that was it . Like there was not enuf there . I was a little disappointed about that . I call this a cute sweet type of a horror film . it 's not scary . the storyline is decent but it just was n't long enuf . Before I thought to buy this then I saw the end scene and a video that had all or most of the ... mouth scenes on YouTube . I know that kinda ruins it a little but still I just thought there would be more to this movie then there actually was . . I was hoping for a slightly more detailed story . but it 's not a bad movie , it 's decent , there 's a few good ` moral ' points in it . what happens in the end does not make me feel very bad for the main character Alison lohman . her character is just . : . I do n't know . .
 The acting was horrible , the plot was horrible , and the movie draaaaagged on and on . I am disappointed that Justin Long agreed to do this movie . Unless you are a fan of horribly mad horror movies , do n't waste your time or money .
 The main reason I choose to watch a scary movie is to , well , actually , get scared ! For some reason I was under the impression this movie was going to be scary . At least make me jump . Although Sam Raimi certainly has mastered the technique for grossing out his audience , I would like to know who out there older than five years old actually felt scared ? The best term to describe this movie
 On Rotten Tomatoes , this movie got around a 92 % fresh - which means that it 's classified as a `` good movie . '' I usually trust the critics , and decided to go see it . I 'm still in shock to the fact that i ca n't get my money or two hours of my life back for this terrible movie.Now , I understand that it was categorized as a `` black comedy '' ... but there was nothing funny or even remotely `` cool '' about it . The CGI animation was terrible , and looked like a cheap video game . The acting was bad , and the slapstick material came off as forced and did n't even crack a smile out of me . The storyline was really weak too - I knew right from the beginning what was going to happen to her . Do n't forget about the gross-out scenes ; there were plenty of those , and if you like snot and saliva , you 'll really enjoy this one.No more Sam Raimi movies for me .
 Clich&eacute; , clich&eacute; , clich&eacute; after horror film clich&eacute; . If I ever see another faulty flashlight in a film ! Wow this film was bad . This was supposed to scare me ? This D grade horror film . I should have known better . Turns out Sam Raimi ca n't write . This film is a cobbled mess . Has anyone seen any real horror films ? Exorcist ? Shining ? Is there any more art left in Hollywood ? Does anyone compose an artful shot anymore ? Where is the decent music ? Where is the decent acting ? Can someone please hire an unknown actor who will do a decent job and not look like some comedy sidekick from some other film ? How is it that everyone has a HUGE cottage style house in films ? Does anyone live in an apartment anymore ? How about the overdone computer effects ? I can see it 's a computer effect and it stinks . Maybe no one has seen what I 've seen , or watched what I 've watched . maybe everyone thinks this is scary . Or perhaps it was supposed to be a comedy ? Something to sit around a dorm while throwing hot dogs and pizza at the TV ? A bank worker who turns down an extension on a loan and is then sentenced to go to . . drum roll ... Hell ? Is this meant to be a metaphor for the current bank problems in the US ? For real ? An eyeball in some barn cake ? A black cat that hisses ? A goat ? A GOAT !? Come on people . A garden hose nose bleed ? And no trip to the hospital ? I hope everyone that made money off this films saves up big time . I see little work in your futures . I see a goat , a fly , an eyeball in your cake and a failed film career . This was B A D BAD ! Go rent Rosemary 's Baby . Go see some real horror with good actors , great score , great photography and a great ending.It is also so painfully obvious that Hollywood is posting shill reviews here . There is NO WAY IN HELL that this many people like this film . If they are all REAL reviews by REAL people that are not shilling for the studios then drag me to hell !
 I really did n't think this movie would be very good anyhow , but when the goat came out I laughed out loud . After that the whole movie was so , well goofy I decided to just enjoy the comedy . Alas 1 star was all this movie deserves comedy or horror . Effin goat !
 this movie was awful . if you like movies with bad special effect and even worse acting than this is for you . but if you do n't do n't bother . the movie was a wast of time . it stated of slow and and never got any better . please do not wast your money .
 It has a couple of startling scenes . In many scenes , the special effects look obviously fake . For example , the scenes when people were dragged to hell . It looks like a drawing.This movie is worth renting for curiosity but not worth buying .
 LOL This was the funniest movie I have seen in a while . This could be renamed `` scary movie 5 '' . Honestly , was it directed by the Wayons brothers ? Someone please tell me this was suppose to be satire .
 THIS STARTED OUT AS A GOOD MOVIE , BUT THE STUPID OVERDONE STUNTS BROUGHT IT DOWN . IT IS OK TO BUY IT USED , BUT DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY BUYING IT NEW .
 Quite possibly one of the lamest movies I 've ever watched . Horror was n't there and it was n't comedic either . However ... if you 're into movies that have mediocre acting with an extremely cheesy and predictable storyline , then you 're going to love this gem !
 This movie is not very good . There are some scenes that make you jump , but for the most part , it just drags thru . I would n't add it to a collection of my best films or even mediocre ones at that .
 And here was me thinking that - finally - someone had the sense to step beyond the current Hollywood horror-genre penchant for teen slashers and silly spoofs , to make a decent supernatural horror flick . No , it 's another silly spoof . The only frightful things here were the script , the acting , the ` effects ' and the dialogue ! I actually lost count of the times I thought ` this movie sucks ' . More ridiculous moments than a Marx Brothers movie marathon !
 The advertise of movies made it look good . I am a horror freak and this was not all that . This movie lacked in the story line . I would not buy !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Basically this movie falls short in all of it 's attempts to entertain . Okay , I get it ; this movie is supposed to be corny , shocking , and `` gory . '' However , none of the corny , shocking , or gory aspects of the movie are successful at being entertaining . Ever heard of the phrase `` Jack of all trades , master of none ? '' The exact same thing applies to this movie . It tries to fit different genres , but not enough effort was put into the individual genres so they entertain the audience . There is NO such thing as a gory PG-13 movie . It may have disgusting moments , but gory involves actual blood , sorry . There are only a few corny/funny moments in the entire movie so they do n't fit with the mood at all . Finally , the `` shocking '' ending was completely predictable , and the whole `` kitten '' thing did n't make any sense at all , but you would actually have to watch this movie to understand , which I do n't recommend doing . Overall this movie fails in three different ways and would only be enjoyed by someone who has never seen a movie in their life .
 I had such high hopes for this movie based on the previews but was sorely disappointed when I finally got to watch it . Someone apparently felt that this movie needed comic relief and created several `` meant to be funny '' scenes entwined with the horror . I HATED that about this movie and can not believe I wasted all that time looking forward to it.To movie makers everywhere ... STOP MUCKING UP GOOD HORROR WITH COMEDY !
 This movie was horrible and this is coming from someone who didnt expect much coming in the only remotely entertaining scene was the fight scene other than that a boring drab pg-13 horrible excuse for a horror movie the ending was very easy to figure out and the script itself didnt seem to have much thought put into at all Sam Raimi 's involvement in this film must have been purely for advertisement purposes because a man of his talent could n't have been involved in this trainwreck do n't waste your time
 This movie was like office space mixed with a really bad creepshow episode and no one seemed to make any effort to polish it . Boring flass flat . Die mac guy die
 From the beginning the movie/director shows you that the movie is not very well made . The first scene is so badly done I was very close to walking out of the theatre . Like many of sam raimi 's movies they are ruined by his bad sense of humor . The girl in the movie gets cursed by this rediculous character -LRB- old witch lady -RRB- and then tries to get the curse lifted by a fortune teller . The old woman then goes on to puke on here and gum her to death . Sadly I 'm not exagerrating.The plot line is boring . None of the characters you care about . Not just because the acting is bad its more because the characters motives are so genuinely lame that you ca n't understand where they are coming from or where they got their common sense . And the ending was just painful . Overrall I would say if you like sam raimi 's movie like quick in the dead or evil dead then you might like this movie .
 After reading all the rave reviews , I bought a copy of this DVD . It was a major disappointment . It 's nothing but a sadistic -LRB- torture and animal murder -RRB- gross-out movie aimed at teenage boys . The production looks cheap - it 's loaded with cliches , and the villain is a repulsive witch . The film is loaded with old age stereotypes , snobby yuppies . I urge everyone to watch a classic Hammer film or something with genuine style - not this potboiler !
 My husband and I both love Horror flicks . We 've seen everything from the obscure -LRB- Freaks & The Audition -RRB- to the tried and true -LRB- Halloween , Black Christmas , etc -RRB- to a good gore fest -LRB- The Evil Dead , Hostel and most of the Saw movies -RRB- . I could go on and on but alas I 'm just here to talk about DMTH . About thirty minutes into the movie we realized that it was going to be bad . Really bad . It had alot of potential . Girl gets cursed by a Gypsy and now is tormented by a demon for three days until it will finally drag her into hell . However , I 'm not sure where Raimi was trying to go . Comedy with gore perhaps ? Maybe he should watch `` Shaun of the Dead '' so he knows how it 's done . Look , I love gore when it meshes with the story but this was ridiculous . I felt like I was watching a movie made by a teenager . Wait , a teenager could have done alot better . And to top it off the acting was mediocre . Not a movie I would recommend if you want a good , scary , gory movie . Try `` The Decent '' instead .
 I 'm probably being a bit harsh as I had high expectations , but this was very formulaic and consequently predictable movie . I do n't think there was a single surprise in the whole movie.Worse , I can only guess at what the `` horror '' actually was . People miraculously turning up in a location does n't qualify nor does extensive corpse play . On corpse play it is obvious that only one of the protagonists can actually do any acting and with the very fake `` dummy '' it was a little like the Brady Movie when the middle sister walks in with a blow up doll.The acting was quite good and the s&eacute;ance scene was the reminiscent of the old Raimi , but even here there was nothing to add to the genre.There are a lot of comments about the humor in the movie , but the only thing I was laughing at was how stupid I was to shell out for this movie.In short , spend your time on watching something else ... Almost anything else ...
 As a fan of Raimi films and the horror genre , I was rather disappointed by this predictable film . The ending was easily seen when the 2nd sealed envelope was created . The gypsy woman was not set up properly as a sympathetic character . In fact , the main character was more victim than the gypsy witch , and the ` romance ' seemed tacked on and lacked believable chemistry between the 2 actors . There were many spots where FFWD is needed just to skip to some action . The graphics -LRB- in the action/attack scenes -RRB- were decent , and the diner scene at least had a true ` moral ' element.But this is best as a rental , not a full purchase . Or at least wait until a bargain bin sale . Especially given the paltry bonus features . I regret gambling the full DVD purchase price .
 As a fanatic with so many versions of Evil Dead films that my family threatenedintervention , I looked forward to Drag Me to Hell . I saw the opening sequence , and thought , `` This is going to be good . '' I was oh ... so ... wrong.It seems that the road to hell is not paved with good , intentions , flying limbs , terrifying monsters , or anything remotely interesting . It is paved with mucus.That 's right . I wo n't say it again , though the movie did , ad nauseum . Yes , I said it . -LRB- I watched the unrated cut . The theatrical might have less . I did n't check . -RRB- The surprise trick ending was right out of those Victorian fireside tales . In other words , so fresh.It does n't seem like I wanted to like this film , but I really , really did.Especially as I had bought it.Why 2 stars ? Well , Alison Lohman did a good job , and looked like she was really put through it . The rest of the cast was good , too , in the minutes they wereonscreen . And I liked the seance .
 In the first thirty minutes the director really scares the viewers with a strange gypsy woman tormentinh a bank employee who denied her a loan . The viewers sense a kind of frightful atmosphere , the horror is based mainly in sounds in order to make you jump ou of your feet , and ... that is all ... After a scary scene in the garage parking , it looks like another person took the direction and the films becomes awkwardly ridiculous.If you want to scare , give credibility and seriousness to the plot.It worked this way with The Exorcist , The others , The Sixth Sense . Sam Raimi -LRB- or the producers -RRB- just spoiled a good idea .
 this movie started off good but then as the movie went on it got terrible and lame and you could tell it was fake i mean come on guys yall cant possibly think this movie was any good but hey i guess if you like it then you like but anyway i thought this movie was very terrible and not worth your time or money
 If you are an actor/actress and are offered a role in such a movie , then it 's a sign that your career is going down!In short , an old lady cast a spell on a bank employee who refuses to extend her another chance to keep her house . Yeah , there is surprising scenes of the old lady throwing up on different occasions and sucking on her chin after losing her dentures , so in short it 's kind of disgusting not suspenseful.I suggest that you do n't bug us old ladies , and most importantly do n't use us in stupid movies !
 This movie could have been good , you have 2 good actors trying to slush out a good performance with this low brow , attempt at entertainment , this movie drags you to sleep with the goof ball antics , half wit attempts at a story line and wasted CGILets also mention the ho hum clich&eacute; 's . The heroin in this movie does n't really make you care about what happens to her if the movie was 30 min or 3 hours you would n't care if she got dragged to a chain gang let alone hell , in fact you wish she got dragged there sooner so you could leave this crapfest of a movie ... . Watching my 1 year old blow spit bubbles is more entertaining .
 this is not the movie to carry on the evil dead mantel . go back to making superhero blockbusters for the masses sam . you peaked around evil dead II . what a letdown .
 Opened the cover and there was no blue ray disc . The code for the digital copy was invalid . Very upset . Had to buy the movie off iTunes .
 I watched Sam Raimi 's Films growing up , Evil Dead , Army of Darkness , Darkman ... I understood that they werent `` horror '' movies , they were tongue in cheek goofy movies that had horror elements interlaced with shocking moments . When I found out that Raimi was going back to these roots , after doing the Spiderman movies , I was excited to see what he had to bring us . Such a hiatus HAD to have built up some new goodies for us to look at right ? WRONG . Raimi could have rebooted his franchise , but instead he sold his soul to the CGI gods and gave us an unoriginal , boring , disgusting movie that will guarantee to waste 99 minutes of your life . You wont get those back folks.Alison Lohman and Justin Long are two good actors , Justin does great with comedies and we all know that Alison can do drama , neither are put to good use with this script , or with Raimis direction . A bank worker , hopeful to be promoted , tells an old gypsy lady that she can not extend the loan on her house . The gypsy then curses the girl and thus begins the drag down to hell , or really thus begins a complete adventure into `` been there , seen that , where is my refund '' The Saw movies correctly use the gross out horror , at least its original . Drag me to hell uses the same gag over and over again , the gypsy vomiting various materials into our poor girls mouth , gumming her in the interim . Over use of CGI , and poor animation leaves you wondering if you are supposed to be scared at all ? I mean even the Evil Dead had those moments where the slapstick horror was put aside for some creepy moments , this movie had zero of that . I felt like I was watching every single bad SyFy made for tv movie ever made ! Cmon now , a talking goat ? a fake dead kitten ? shadows under the door ? flies into noses ? I was so bored out of my mind!I wouldnt recommend this to any fan of horror , Sam Raimi , or even to anyone who likes movies in general . Watching grass grow is more interesting .
 I consider myself somewhat of a horror movie connoisseur . I 've seen them all
 I love to be scared , I really do.But this movie was just silly , and stupid . The main character is so dumb that she is dumb beyone the normal stereotype of the female lead in a horror movie . If her acting was n't bad enough , the stupid gags are even worse . For me the worst part was when we basically got a Looney Tunes gag thrown into the movie in the form of an anvil being suspended with a rope and pulley system and then dropped on the old gypsy lady 's head . If that was n't bad enough , then her eyes pop out of her head in the same cartoony effect that Wiley Coyote 's do whenever a boulder/anvil drops on him in a Road Runner cartoon.This movie was not scary , and the writer relied too much on jump scares , which by the way I was able to call out every single one of them before they happened , and he also relied too much on vomit humor . Frankly he seemed to be more determined to gross his audience out rather than scare them.It was just stupid .
 Normally I do n't feel compelled to write a review after watching a movie this bad . However , since all the good reviews on here are the only reason I wasted my time on this movie , I feel the need to make an attempt at balancing out this rating . The only reason I can think that this movie is getting good reviews is because of Raimi 's return to horror , this time with a big budget . Did this movie have it 's entertaining moments ? Yes , but they were very few and far between . Overall , Drag Me to Hell is a movie chock full of bad CGI , visual jokes that just fail to work , and absolutely terrible acting . As far as the terrible acting , it works in the Evil Dead trilogy because its so campy and over the top , it never takes itself too seriously . You never really feel that way in DMtH , you just feel like your watching a big budget movie full of C-list actors . Without rambling anymore , if you want to see a good horror/comedy , dust off your copy of Shaun of the Dead or shell out the money to see Zombieland in the theater . Those movies do it right , Drag Me to Hell just makes me hope Sam Raimi gets back to making superhero movies really soon
 Being a horror movie fan , just the fact that a producer took a chance with a new horror flick I give them some props . That 's where the 1 star comes from . This movie was full of boring scenes , bad acting , and way over the top drama -LRB- even for a horror flick -RRB- . You probably could have added some good nudity with Alison Lohman and gotten away with having at least a small reason to endure this picture . I made the awful mistake of buying this movie on Blu-Ray before I even saw it . I should 've taken note from what my friends who are into the horror genre said . I was a sucker and thought the trailer was convincing enough that it could n't have been that bad of a movie . Boy was I wrong . At least I got a good deal off Amazon , considering .
 This movie is not the least bit scary . The plot is ridiculous , relies on the same lame attempts at horror , and drags on and on . A talking goat ? Not scary . A handkerchief that attacks a girl ? Not scary . Maybe Sam Raimi was going for a kitchy horror movie that was meant to be funny - a cult classic ? If he was , he only succeeded on the first part .
 First , let me just say that I never cared for Sam Raimi . I 'm more a Carpenter/Craven/Roth fan , not horror comedy . But even if I try to look at it from the perspective of Raimi fans , I ca n't imagine they would possibly be happy with the end-product here.Really , it 's just a totally lifeless premise that does nothing to save itself . First , the main antagonist is basically an undead gypsy and her Lamia friend . Nevermind that I know what a Lamia is , and it is n't in any way a goat , so why they decided to go with a goat to describe the Lamia , I 'll never understand that . Historically , a Lamia 's features are a lot more frightening than a freaking goat . Second , there is n't a single scary scene in the whole film , which relies essentially on the same thing Paranormal Activity did , albeit with a * LOT * more CG , and poorly-done CG , at that . I ca n't imagine anyone being scared of a room with everything blowing around and people screaming , or a toothless malicious gypsy , or food turning into maggots or whatever -LRB- yes , I know of the bulimia theory for the film and how often the title character is referred to as once being a fat kid and how much she hates it , hence the focus on food becoming evil -RRB- . It 's hard to imagine an ending this unsatisfying . Everything comes down to this stupid little mistake the protagonist makes , and nothing more . It 's nothing epic or worthy or even significant to the character . It 's just there as a random act that could happen to literally anyone out of nothing but stupidity.Basically , nothing here works . Our main character has no personality , the `` antagonists '' are so stupid as to not even be funny in this context , the whole film resides on disgusting the audience with constant images of maggots and toothless gypsies and other things of the sort , mixed in with `` screamer '' scares , rather than , you know , demons , or whatever.I ca n't believe anyone would find this enjoyable , especially with the really , really distracting CG work whenever something goes wrong . It 's so obviously CG and incredibly unrealistic-looking , and nothing in the entire film is frightening . Worse , the protagonist is just plain boring and stupid , so you can neither root for the villain nor the hero -LRB- at least Craven made Freddy Krueger someone you * wanted * to win at the end of every film because he somehow made killing funny , and in his other movies the villains were so unbelievably and viciously malevolent and soulless that you were glad when the protagonist won , and Carpenter had a knack for creating believable protagonists and very creative villainous things that did n't follow typical horror-film norms -RRB- . I recommend skipping this unless you enjoy bad horror films . -LRB- That 's not sarcasm , I know some people like that type of genre just for laughs . -RRB- There are no scares , no characters for which we could feel any sympathy , a totally stupid villain , * WAY * overdone CG work , and nothing to make up for any of it.If you want something that has some thought behind it , or really , anything scary or shocking , just skip this . There 's a whole other league of horror films with far better writing , acting , and creativity .
 Not scary at all I was really exited to see this movie it was ok but not enough to rate it at least 2 stars it was not scary at all it was a bit interesting at times and good at times to like when she goes to the grave yard I was really disappointed in the ending I would have liked it if it would have ended differently overall the movie was boring at times and good a times I would recommend to watch and buy but overall not a good movie even though I would leave it in my movie collection .
 After the `` heroine '' kills her kitten , I quit watching . At that point , I wanted the evil spirit to drag her to hell .
 I bought this for my girlfriend . It was cheap so I figured I 'd go ahead and throw it in my cart since she had it on her wishlist . A good excuse to cuddle up on the bed under the covers . The beginning of the movie was awesome . Scary . Really good . It had a great story , and the old gypsy lady was very well done . I was glued to the TV . But I must say , as the movie went on , it got worse . About half way , it took a turn for the worse and started a downward spiral . It started to get ridiculously stupid . By the end of the movie , I had lost all interest . I found myself getting up , wandering around , getting sodas and talking , mostly about how stupid the movie had gotten . It was really bad . Great beginning , not so great middle , and a crappy stupid ending . It was almost as if the original directors , producers and writers just got up and went on strike , leaving amateurs to just throw something together to get the movie finished . Thumbs down .
 Big Raimi fan here . I had slightly below average hopes for this one due to the constant flops dropped upon us by Hollywood lately . Even with lowered expectations , this flick disappointed on so many levels . Perhaps my insatiability for true horror is beyond hope , but to me this one really stunk.Character development was decent at best . The talent was further lacking . I would say adequate acting . The story was simply old and tired . Cursed by a gypsy . Yes , thank you , but what about something ... new ? It trotted along like a handsome cab ride through a dirty city you 've seen too often . Sure , you 've got some classic Rami here . Nice camera work , interesting shots and direction . Sound editing was also nicely done . For those facts it gets 2 stars . Other than that , there is not much to see here aside from a couple nice gory scenes , all Raimi to a tee.If you 're a huge Raimi fan , of course you have to see it . But , I think my money and time were WAY better spent on Trick ' r Treat , a truly fun and outstanding horror flick with none of the listless tedium of being dragged through a boring 2 hour hell ... I guess it was only 1.5 hours , but it seemed like 2 or more .
 This movie was horrible . I 'm glad a redbox rental is only $ 1.00 per night . Do not purchase this movie , it is not worth your time !
 I just thought it was idiotic . The first scene with the kid was pretty cool but after that it was just tedious and poorly done from top to bottom . Bad special effects , bad acting , not scary , and just a little bit funny from time to time.One scene that stands out as being particularly bad was when she gets attacked by the old lady in her car . Okay I understand that her manager asked her to take a file home to review it . It was A FILE . Why did she have the entire contents of her desk with her . OH thats right to try to make the scene funny by having her fight the lady off with her stapler.And anyone who did n't see how this was going to end the moment the car stopped short and all the envelopes hit the floor . send me your address so I can come to your home and hit you on the head with a tack hammer and put you out of your misery .
 seiously , why in the world is this junk so highly rated ? i even LOVE cheesy horror and bad movies but this `` movie '' was overly predictable right down to the twist at the end ... it doesnt even have a `` great moment '' in it . It was boring and lifeless
 I had high hopes for this movie from the very start . The retro shot back to 1968 to start the mood and the `` myth '' that surrounds the entire story -LRB- which has real potential if it was n't so poorly acted -RRB- . The acting is the major problem with this movie . I will admit , the ending was no shocker . I loved Justin Long in JEEPER 'S CREEPERS , but in this he was as weak as he could be ... nothing . The real problem lies with the lead ... Alison Lohman , she is dreadful . You have absolutely no connection with her character . She is just going through the motions . No development , no empathy , no sympathy , no hatred , no nothing . She is one-dimensional and that is the real disaster of this movie . As I stated , I felt the story line had potential , with perhaps a bit more polishing of the script , but definitely with another lead actress in the role .
 Raimi , you had me right up to the point she sacrificed the kitten . Until then , it was a fun little throw-back gem , and I was having a blast . But that little bit of nastiness blew the whole thing for me . Sorry . I may be a seasoned die-hard horror junkie , but even I have a soft spot for little kitties . Completely unnecessary .
 The comedy was n't funny ; the horror was n't horrific . I 'm stumped by those reviewers calling this `` hard-boiled '' horror . There is nothing remotely scary here . Over-the-top silly , yes -LRB- the gypsy in the parking garage scene -RRB- , but frightening , no . I loved `` The Evil Dead , '' but found the two sequels insulting to the original . I know there are multitudes that love `` Army of Darkness , '' but it just never worked for me . As for `` Hell , '' there is one clever plot twist , but that 's about it . I was gravely disappointed after reading good reviews . I 'll stick with `` American Werewolf ... '' instead .
 This review is short and not sweet , , ** Spoiler ** The lead character is a loser.She kills her kitten ... to appease a demonic spirit that later spits the kittens corpse out at her feet and laughs at her stupidity ... I wanted her to die and thought this movie was perhaps an attempt to anger me personally . . and although i knew this was not the case i was glad when the movie was over . . Instead of buying this movie buy Evil Dead .
 All I can say is thank god I did n't pay to see this movie . The movie was completely obvious from beginning to the end . i laughed through this entire movie . If this was supposed to be a horror they missed that genre completely . There were only a couple a parts that were actually fun to watch like when the dead Gypsy vomited in the main characters mouth . Other than that I had more fun making my own commentary and making the movie more entertaining .
 It started off fun and scary and then got worse . When the goat started talking I was like really ?? OK I hate this movie .
 Too much emphasis on disgusting gags . And `` gag '' is an apt word of choice , as that 's exactly what I did in at least a couple of particularly stomach wrenching scenes . @_ @ The chances of me actually sitting through the entire movie are slim to none.Perhaps if I had the option to actually skip without seeing disgusting things , perhaps I 'd be more charitable with this film .
 ... so I can stop myself from watching this junk ! I have been waiting for some awesome new horror to come out . With Raimi in the mix I thought this was gon na be AWESOME ! Well ... it was awesome ... awesomely horrible!What a waste of time . These actors are pretty good ones but there acting in this movie was so wooden and 1 dimensional ! The only cool thing about this movie was the LOOK of the old hag woman . She could of been a great character but this movie blows.Gonna watch Trick R Treat for a 4th time to get my mind off this terrible poor excuse for a movie !
 When Drag Me to Hell first came out I saw the previews , but did n't go and see it in the theater . I thought it did n't look very good , but that it might be just ` okay ' . My mother loves horror movies also , and she had bought it on pay-per-view . She kept telling me I had to see it . She said that someone she knew had to leave the theater because they could n't handle how scary it was!Well , I did n't end up watching it until it premiered on television and I could not believe how horrible it was ! It was so silly and cartoonish I was utterly shocked . The writer of this script , did they mean for it to be a horror-comedy ? Probably not . I think it 's just bad film-making . Quite a few of the scenes in the movie focused on these wild special effects that made me think of looney tunes cartoons . It needed way more intelligence to do it for me . The movie ended up being several times worse than I would have ever thought .
 Drag Me to Hell
 I love Sam Raimi from the very first Evil Dead I saw when I was a teenager but this movie had not one scare in it at all ... it was over the top gore and special effects that were n't the least bit scary or funny . And the acting was awful , and the story line predictable ... I just do n't get why so many people liked this ...
 Sam Raimi 's career has been mainly downs , in terms of box office takings at least . His only highs have been the Spider-Man movies -LRB- which I hated -RRB- while some of his better work -LRB- Darkman , The Quick and the Dead -RRB- only managed to gain a cult following . He emerged in the 80s as a surrealist horror director but over the years he 's lost whatever edge he had and Drag Me To Hell is proof of that.The oh-so-cute Alison Lohman -LRB- who I would drag to bed -RRB- plays a timid bank clerk who offends a decrepit Gypsy woman -LRB- a pastiche of former Raimi monsters -RRB- and is promptly cursed . In three days the not-scary-sounding demon The Lamia will drag her to hell , but not before having fun frightening her first.The majority of the scares in the film are , I am sorry to say , overly telegraphed Stingers . Is this what Raimi is reduced to ? The PG-13 rating means that this obviously is n't going to be hardcore , but it feels like it was written by a 15-year-old boy and directed by someone referencing the Big Book of Horror Cliches whenever they got stuck . The young Sam Raimi would have been appalled . When limited by the narrow parameters of being a PG-13 Raimi resorts to gross-out moments , mainly involving puking corpses , fake CGI blood , old woman saliva , more unconvincing CGI , and more old woman saliva . This is bottom-of-the-barrel stuff . It 's like Spielberg selling Bruce the Shark on having bad breath.Justin Long provides some decent support , though this film really does belong to Lohman . Her large brown eyes , innocent expressions , and naive demeanor make for a sympathetic character . I just wish she used more logic and common sense . There is a nice twist-in-the-tale which turns it into a Tales From the Crypt-style morality play , but other than that this is pure pot-boiling , pedestrian , Hollywood twaddle with NONE of the grit , rawness or edge of Evil Dead or Within the Woods.The Blu Ray looks good in 2.40:1 1080p with DTS HD-MA sound and plenty of extras .
 I was half expecting something fun and spooky , but it was ridiculous . Maybe Sam Raimi was going for laughs but it did n't work for me . Plus the scares were not scary -LRB- a haunted hanky ? -RRB- , and I found everything too sensational and really trying . It was a chore to sit through -LRB- awful script ! -RRB- , with weird gore involving body fluids and oral blood-spewing . And Raimi has a fetish about hair-pulling , and also teeth , and biting of the chin . Odd , odd , odd.There was potential there for something good , elements from William Castle 's `` Mr. Sardonicus '' to Val Lewton 's films to `` Curse of the Demon '' . At certain points we were actually laughing at stuff that was supposed to be frightening or creepy , and that was clearly not the intended reaction from the viewer.There is a plot twist at the movie 's climax that is like something out of `` Tales from the Darkside '' if you remember that TV series from the mid 80 's ; you can see it coming miles ahead.I do n't foresee myself ever having the inclination to watch this film a second time . -LRB- And I really wanted to like this flick ; it has one of the best horror movie titles I 've seen in a while . -RRB-
 This is an OLD script of Sam 's , one that he had written during his ARMY OF DARKNESS -LRB- another poorly received film -RRB- days.In no way does it equal THE EVIL DEAD 2 for `` horror-comedy '' . This simply is n't a very `` interesting '' or compelling film , which is why it died in the box office.Rent it if you must , but do n't buy it -- and you 'll notice that Sam barely appears on the `` special features . '' If he really loved this film , he 'd be all over the extras like he is on EVIL DEAD 1 & 2 . Not this time .
 Take a part of Thinner , hence a curse , part Evil Dead , cartoonish violence and a strong lead aka a female Ash . Stir well and serve it out to the easily pleased.I do n't know what 's wrong with Sam Raimi lately , he 's lost his horror edge.The Spiderman films were fantastic as was Darkman , maybe he should stick to superhero films from now on.What is it with horror films today , do n't they make them for adults anymore ?
 This movie was a blind rent , based on some good reviews on this site . Unfortunately , it was a terrible blind rent . The movie itself had an interesting premise , but the execution came off as cheesy and forgettable . Most of the scare tactics involve some type of vomiting , or bugs . While the ending comes as unexpected , it does not make up for the rest of the 2 hours of my life that was wasted watching it . Please , look elsewhere if you 're looking to be scared , and reserve this movie for a laugh with some drunk friends . I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 , because I felt pity for the main actress , who was n't entirely terrible . Justin Long came across as a Mac AD , with an iPhone and iMac on his desk , and a forgettable backstory.Boo
 I 'm trying to think of something that was good about this movie . Nothing comes to mind . It was n't scary ... was n't funny ... and the acting was terrible . Neither lead character had any personality . The psychic had a fake accent and dressed like he just came from The Gap.The story line was unoriginal and silly . The director is even too lazy to bother figuring out the different between a Lamia and Moloch.How somebody can screw something up this bad with a 30 million dollar budget it beyond me . The numerous four and five star reviews are even more puzzling.So boring . I 'd recommend just re-watching one of the Evil Dead movies and skip this stinker .
 : : Contains Spoilers : : * You end up not knowing who you hate more , the protagonist or the gypsy woman . * If you know about Greek mythology , you 'll question why she is supposed to sacrifice an animal & not a human baby to Lamia , & wonder what Lamia has to do with her curse at all . * Extremely offensive murder of a kitten . We know it 's fake , but even fake violence against baby animals should n't be tolerated . & even though the gypsy woman was super-crazy & mad-strong , it 's hard to stomach the way an elderly woman gets kicked around like Cujo 's play toy . * There is a difference between `` scary '' & `` startling . '' This is the latter . * Nothing but jump scares -LRB- 24 of them -RRB- & CGI . If you watch this movie with someone , make SURE that their natural instinct when startled is not to punch the nearest person or object . * When it 's not trying to startle you with fast movement & loud noises , it 's failing at being a comedy on the side . * Things get super stupid near the end , & after the goat starts talking , you just ca n't take the movie seriously anymore . * If you actually liked the protagonist , you wo n't like the ending .
 A waste of time and money . I do not recommend this movie to anyone of any age . Better choices for fun scary movies are out there .
 When i put the disk into my DVD player it would n't work . after further inspection of the disk it said that it was a dvd-rom and only suitable for a computer ... . This was not what i ordered . i was upset because this was a Christmas gift ... . I will be returning this item
 The movie itself is very good . The problem is that this dvd does not work in this `` region '' -LRB- the US -RRB- . This needs to be very clear in the add ... large print and highlited . Until now I did n't know dvds had regions . What a pain . I had to change over my computer 's region to the UK to watch it and then change it back afterwards . I can only do that 4 times according to the computer . Would not run on my dvd player at all .
 The Battle of the Alamo was about slavery and territorial expansion . Those that died at the Alamo were racist slave owners .
 I do n't know if I can write 20 words to describe this thing . Pretty girls wind up in some twisted , whacko town ruled by a twisted , religious black dude . Apparently there 's something in the air that makes people fall under the spell . I dunno . Do these people have jobs ? I mean , seriously . What do they do all day ? And when the girls escape , nobody notices . Which gives us the young , fit girls fleeing from zombie-like crazed killers . As the title says - meh .
 This is a well-made Korean horror movie that had lots of potential but it does n't know when to quit . The idea behind it is n't bad , the setting is great . But it loses all its punch because of an ending that seemingly goes on forever .
 One star for the pleasant and mood-appropriate music throughout the movie . The plot -LRB- group of people trapped in confined space -RRB- has been done over and over in different settings , nothing new there . There are plenty of post-apocalyptic movies out there that are much , much better.Honestly , you would think scriptwriters could learn how to use the internet , since it is fairly obvious they have no practical education in using a library . I have a number of problems with this film , most having to do with filmmakers completely ignoring anything resembling reality . -LRB- You can go to ready.gov to read about nuclear blast emergencies , and what to do in case of one -RRB- *********** Spoilers ************** 1 . If you were that close to the blast they watch , it 's game over . The flash travels at the speed of light , the following blast wave travels at the speed of sound -LRB- approximately 768 mph -RRB- . At the very least , they would have been blind . Yet , they make it to the basement with no ill effects . They never show a blast wave . Quite some time later the building falls without crashing through the basement .2 . They are fairly close to the blast . Accute radiation sickness kills in under 48 hours , depends on your level of exposure . They only show some signs of radiation sickness -LRB- bleeding gums and hair loss -RRB- , what you would expect from someone a distance away from the blast site . They never show signs of nausea , they eat and eat and eat all through the movie . They never get infections , even the guy who gets shot . Based on the symptoms they DO show , 50 % of them should have been dead within 4-6 weeks .3 . EMP . Ok , lets say their electrical equipment survives . Where , exactly , is the electricity they are using coming from ? 4 . They are worried about fallout but never close off the ventilation system . DUH5 . The people that come in and steal the little girl make no sense . When the guy goes out there , he does so to no purpose . They are then sealed in by the people outside . Completely pointless . If someone kidnaps a kid , shoot first , ask later .6 . At the end , why is the concrete building burning ? Gasoline explodes , it is not a slow burn . You can not use gasoline in a lamp . BTW , concrete DOES NOT BURN . That basement survived a nuclear blast , but went up like a dry wood building from less than a pop bottle of fuel in a lamp . Get real.As for the characters in the movie , no one ever shows the least bit of `` good '' humanity , it is all about how people are selfish and weak , cowardly and cruel . Which is true to some extent , but I find it hard to believe out of a group of people , NONE would have any redeeming qualities AT ALL . -LRB- Or go nuts and try to kill everyone . -RRB- Even the one `` good '' character is just like the rest in the end .
 I really enjoy dark movies of various genres - horror , science fiction , drama , etc. . So I was eager to watch `` The Divide '' , which is from director Xavier Gens -LRB- who also directed `` Hitman '' -RRB- . The movie did quite well on the film festival circuit , where it was nominated for best feature film at both the SXSW Festival and the Toronto After Dark Festival . So this is n't supposed to be your standard late-night cable cheesy apocalyptic movie.While the cast is n't full of A-list actors , there are quite a few you will likely recognize -LRB- namely Milo Ventimiglia , Michael Biehn , and Rosanna Arquette -RRB- . The plot involves a diverse group of people who are forced to hide out in an underground bunker after their city gets hit by a nuclear attack . There is obviously quite a bit of conflict between the characters , as well as some external forces . The confined people 's behavior starts getting darker and darker , and there are some haunting occurrences down there.While the movie is wonderfully shot and has solid acting and music , the plot just could n't keep me interested . The two hour running time felt long to me . The movie also introduced a subplot involving other inhabitants about 20 minutes in , but never resolved it or explained it , which was annoying . The final shot of the movie is haunting , but unfortunately , it did not make up for the rest of the movie .
 I got ta hand it to little known Director Xavier Gens ... He got great performances from his skeleton crew cast in The Divide . Unfortunately , the vision that Gens had his cast acting out was a very pessimistic view of human emotion and behavior . So while the acting and direction were really good , the plot was so over the top with such unbelievable scenarios that it made the movie one of the worst I 've seen all year.Nuclear bombs are raining down on The City , and you hastily make your way down from your apartment flat to the basement of your complex . You arrive at the basement door just in time to stop the building super from locking himself into a shelter and you out . You make it into the shelter with about 7 or 8 other building tenants . And ... you would have been better off letting the bombs get you . Because it turns out that the other people who were neighboring with you in the building are mostly insane , irrational and incapable of a decent moral thought.What 's that mean ? Well just ask yourself
 The whole nuclear war aftermath genre has been done before ; The Day After , Testament , and Threads . All these movies showed us in graphic and frightening detail the immediate and after effects of a nuclear exchange , particulary on the surviving population . So The Divide is nothing new . This dose n't make it a bad movie to watch as far as acting quality and atmosphere are concerned , however , it dose n't offer us anything new over story lines either . It rips off the movies I 've just mentioned , only the The Divide takes place in a basement the entire time , and the characters are very unlikable . The opening scenes show us New York city getting decimated by a barage of nuclear warheads . As the bombs are raining down , a lucky -LRB- or unlucky -RRB- few manage to make it into their apartment building 's basement just in time to escape the blasts . From this point on you do n't need a crystle ball or alot of forsight for that matter , to tell you that things are not going to work out very well for the surviving few , and will most likley end extremely violently . As far as a movie portraying the dark side of human nature goes , The Divide does well , but other then that there 's nothing else to it .
 * SPOILERS * This movie centers around despairing situations and how a group of people face these challenges . It sounds really good on paper to me , but this movie was too depressing for me . There was some sort of plot , but it did not flow or connect together , which really left me unsatisfied at the end of the movie . It 's just scenes and scenes of depressing material that I could have done without . I 'm not against gore , horror , suspense , and depressing human conditions , but I really did not need to watch two hours of it and end up getting nothing from this movie .
 Just when you thought that things could n't get any worse during an apocalypse , along comes The Divide to prove to you just how much more depressing things can be . The Divide tell the story of a group of 9 people who are forced into a nuclear bomb shelter when a nuclear war breaks out in the world above them . Among the group is Micky -LRB- played by Michael Beihen -RRB- , the owner of the shelter , who is none to pleased with having to share his new residence and the supplies inside of it with the other people . Micky barks orders , makes snide and racist comments , and generally acts like an ass to everyone else while the world outside can be heard being destroyed by explosions . Micky eventually learns that treating everyone like a jerk is a bad way to form solidarity amongst a group of people ... . unless you want them to be in solidarity against YOU . He learns this lesson too late as the group becomes tired of his antics and revolts against him , taking him prisoner in his own `` home . `` From there , the remaining group members degenerate , Morals begin to decay , despair at the likelihood that they 'll never be saved starts to take it 's toll , and living conditions become disgusting . This results in a `` divide '' -LRB- probably the reason why the movie gets its name -RRB- between two factions of people . They consist of those who are miserable and doing nothing , and those who are miserable and acting like degenerates . The latter group hoards all of the food and supplies in an attempt to force the former group into joining them in their debauchery , which includes repeatedly raping one of the female survivors and acting like swine . The whole situation continues to break down until there is a final confrontation between the two factions.The movie does a great job of painting a bleak picture of what would obviously be a horrible situation . The bunker is dark and uncomfortable . The conditions become so bad that you can almost smell the stench building up through your screen . Also , the acting is decent , and everyone is believable in their rolls . However , the good aspects of this movie stop there.Though the first 20 minutes or so are filled with a good amount of suspense and intrigue , the majority of the film is depressing and boring . For over an hour and a half -LRB- the remained of this film -RRB- , the audience is treated to multiple rapes , lude references , people deficating on the floor , whining , body dismemberment , and some very dull conversations . While I understand that the director is trying to convey just how bad this situation is , 90 + minutes is way more than what is needed to make this point . In fact , it actually becomes torturesome for the viewer to have to sit through much of this just to see the conclussion of the movie . We are also treated to images of everyone suffering the affects of radiation poisoning and unsanitary condition , EXCEPT for the character of Eva -LRB- played by Lauren German -RRB- who seems to keep relatively clean , well-kept , and intact despite the lack of showers and exposure to radiation . Why ? I do n't know , but I think it might have something to do with the fact that she 's cute.The characters , though well-played by the actors , are two-dimensional at best . We have hardly any backstory on them , and while it is n't always necessary to have long histories about each character , it is troublesome for this movie . This is particularly true in the case of Michael Beihen 's character . He obviously has some deep-rooted hatered burning inside of him , but we never get to see why . We get a glimps or two of some pictures of his life prior to the war , but nothing is ever explained about what happened to that life . With no backstory and little of anything else , we are never given much of a reason to like any of the characters early on in the movie . And as the show wears on , the few reasons we did have to like any of them are stripped away until all of them become deplorable . By the time this movie is over , it 's hard not to find yourself hoping to see all of them die.There 's also the case of the masked `` soldiers '' who invade the compound early on , and kidnap the youngest member of the group . Did I forget to mention them ? Well , that 's ok , because after they make their grand entrance a half-hour into the movie , the writers forgot about them , too . This is a shame , as these individuals shake things in the bunker up quite nicely . They break , grab a girl , shoot some rounds to scare the other survivors , and leave with the girl -LRB- still screaming -RRB- shoved into a plastic , biohazard bag . Shortly after , the group attempts to see what 's going on outside -LRB- and to rescue the hostaged girl -RRB- using a biohazard suit that taken from a soldier they killed during the altercation . A man is sent outside , and he discovers a group of scientists/soldiers similar to the ones that attacked them conducting experiments , as well as an area where children -LRB- including the one who was kidnapped -RRB- are being kept in some type of suspended animation for an unknown purpose . After the advernturer is chased back to the bunker , the door to the shelter is sealed shut ... . and none of these things are ever dealt with again . The soldiers ... their `` lab '' ... . the children they 've got locked away like lab rats ... . all of this could 've made this movie 100 times more interesting , but instead it is all forgotten and used as an excuse to have the bunker welded shut -LRB- a feat that could 've easily been solved with a cave-in of the buildings above over the shelter without leaving as many unanswered questions or causing as much confussion -RRB- . Probably my worst complaint is the end of this movie . The final five minutes feature a character making decisions that do not make any sense for them , and performing an escape attempt from the bunker that is so remarkably simple , everyone else inside looks dumber for not having thought of it sooner.Overall , this movie had lots of potential , but eventually deteriorates into a waste of time .
 I wasted two hours of my time so you do n't have to . There is no way to sugar coat this , this movie is a waste of time . Slow moving most of the time , a total of 2 hours actual run time could have easily been condensed into a 20 minute short . Maybe that could have made it more watchable . You watch and watch and watch and wait for something interesting to happen , some sort of pay-off , but nothing.Just about everything that could potentially have been interesting about the movie was touched very tangentially and then forgotten . On the plus side , it avoids some of predictable cliches found in movies in this genre . That could have saved the movie , except , nothing interesting happens . The suspense ends up being , not what is going to happen to the plot/characters next , but will something interesting happen eventually ? The answer
 < strong > The Divide < / strong > -LRB- Xavier Gens , 2011 -RRB- Full disclosure
 I 'm a little late to the party for this review so I 'll keep it short and sweet . Apocalyptic thriller that takes itself far more serious than the casting director obviously did . I mean , really ? He must have promised his old college roommates he 'd get them into a movie some day . Too bad for director Xavier Gens because he 's got quite a knack for the technical aspects of film making . Beautiful shots , nice use of sound , slick and stylish while keeping with the overall darkness of the plot ... Just those dang actors ! Probably not totally their fault , they are being forced to play some of the most unlikable human survivors this side of ... I do n't know , that show Survivor maybe -LRB- never seen it , but heard bad things -RRB- ? So all in all what did the Divide teach me ? That if you were a miserable person before , surviving a nuclear attack certainly wo n't help brighten your outlook on things any -LRB- also be selective when running into shelters during emergencies , I know your life is at stake but -- these are the people you are most likely spending the rest of your life with ! It 's okay to be picky -RRB- . I also learned that The Divide runs about 20 minutes too long -LRB- why must ALL movies be 2 hours now ? Even horror and romantic comedies ? Why ?! -RRB- , and learning is half the battle . Pass . * Quick aside . For those on the look for something really sick and twisted -- this ai n't it ! The film is hyped as being fairly depraved , and maybe to the casual moviegoer it is , but if you 're a horror/cult cinema regular then there 's nothing overly memorable in that department here . End aside . *
 I admit it . I do n't like ugly movies . Call me frivolous , accuse me of having as much depth as a puddle , I do n't care . When I watch a movie , it 's not to have a mirror held up to human nature and see what dark , devious depths are reflected within . I watch a movie to be entertained , to be taken away from the ills of the world . The Divide is an UGLY movie ; I felt the same way after watching it as I did after watchingBlindness
 I 'm amazed at the movies that depict the results of a nuclear war and how they 've changed over the years . In the past , during my childhood years , there was always a sense of hope and cooperation between survivors in those films . During my teen years we were treated to the terrifying glimpse of the reality of the results of this form of war . And now as I 've grown older , it seems a new generation feels that man can not do anything but remain destructive and petty . Where has all the hope gone?THE DIVIDE opens with a nuclear bomb going off while Eva -LRB- Lauren German -RRB- watches from the window in her high rise apartment . Her boyfriend grabs her arm and they rush off down the stairs hoping to find an escape . Instead when they get to the lobby , they find themselves nearly crushed as the tide of people come running back in to avoid the blast wave and , fortunately for them , they have the chance to join a few that have made it to a bomb shelter in the basement.The shelter was kept up by the apartment building 's super , Mickey -LRB- Michael Biehn -RRB- . And Mickey now intends to rule this basement as he sees fit , sharing what he has with the rest but by with certain restrictions . Some of the people want to leave but Mickey explains to them that the dust from the bomb will make the chances of survival outside next to impossible . It 's better to wait it out till things settle.Tempers and egos flare as each person wants to make their own decisions , failing to take into consideration that simply opening the door could do them all in . The posturing of males wanes back and forth while Mickey still controls them all in his most unpleasant manner.The psychological aspects of being alive but trapped in a shelter play out throughout this film offering us little hope in a world where people care about one another but would rather focus on themselves only . Eventually help does arrive or so it seems . Instead the protective suited armed group that enters does n't aid all but just a little girl in their midst . When members of this group later try to find out what 's going on , the military welds shut the door and leaves them to themselves . Will they release them later ? Who knows?Before that day can happen the group begins to change . Not only physically but mentally as well . Life among the living deteriorates and the basest behaviors are displayed among them all . It becomes a sad tale in a world where insane attitudes seem to rule.I 'm not averse to movies that depict the world as it is . But it seems that these days a younger generation seems to have no hope in mankind or the world we live in . We 've gone from a world where a generation dreamed of reaching to the stars to a world where we accept defeat at the hands of bombs . A new generation of film makers seems to see the worst mankind has to offer and expects that to be the norm rather than the exception . Then again with the self absorbed youths of today perhaps they 're on to something.It may seem as if I 've revealed quite a bit about this movie , but most of it could have been witnessed in the trailer . There is much more that happens and all of it depressing as Hell . to me that 's not entertainment . I could n't find much that I could recommend about this film unless none of the things mentioned bothers you . Director Xavier Gens also made the film FRONTIERS which many touted as the best film they 'd seen in years . I found that movie to be more disturbing than entertaining as well . But if you liked that one my guess is you 'll enjoy this as well . For all others , pass it by .
 Do n't even waste your time viewing the trailer . And the people who producedthis should be locked up for bad taste and horrible movie ideas.The acting , the cast , everything with this movie was horrible.I seriously want my money back for renting this trash .
 I confess I did not like this story . It is marketed as a horror story , but I think a drama would be a better description.What it is , is an unrelated small group of people manage to get in time into an atomic bomb shelter during a nuclear blast . The original plan is to wait out the nuclear blast . However , they get locked in by some scavengers and more importantly a few start to go crazy . I hope it is not a real image of people as I like to think in times of extreme danger people come together and do not go crazy like , for example , miners trapped in a mine or inmates in German Death camps . Overall , I think the story starts off very good , half way I was really enjoying it , but then it drifted off into pointlessness.The characterizations itself are reasonable . The acting is good.The filming and special effects are reasonable for such a movie.I would , however , not see it again nor do I recommend it , mainly because I do not like the story .
 Read the other reviews for details on the plot . Every single depravity of mankind is put into this film by the writers Karl Mueller and Eron Sheean , and brought out by the director Xavier Gens . The only point of the film is to push the viewer into a world view of depravity , humanism , nihilism , and hopelessness . There is no plot in this film . The events depicted did n't even make sense . It is a pure exercise of seeing just how much sinfulness can be put into a couple of hours.My take on this film is quite a bit different from the other reviews . This film is an example of just how depraved , evil , sick and twisted the writers and director are . I guarantee that these men have participated in some of the depravity found in this film , because only someone who is completely depraved and a real believer in hedonism , nihilism and full blown humanism can make and participate in a film like this.I made the mistake of watching this film without knowing anything about it beforehand . I was waiting to see some sanity and goodness to come forth , but instead the evil became darker and darker until the film ended , leaving me completely saddened in my heart . `` Man 's heart is deceitful above all things , and desperately wicked
 I do n't understand all the critic reviews on this movie . It was so boring that I fell asleep on it . A few people locked in a bunker does n't excite not to mention the characters were dull and unbelievable .
 `` The Divide '' features a sudden nuclear attack that forces nine strangers into a small , decrepit apartment building basement for shelter . Trapped for days underground with no hope of rescue , and unknown horror awaiting them outside , the group begins to descend into madness , acting out vicious bouts of psychological and physical torture upon one another.As supplies diminish , tensions flare , and they grow increasingly deranged , each degenerates into a volotile and primal state . As everyone in the bunker gradually sheds the humanity they once held , even the thinnest chance of escape holds no promise of salvation on the outside . `` The Divide '' offers a pessimistic view of human nature under duress and several atrocities are depicted , making for unusually grim , depressing viewing . There 's a lot of action , but the movie contains rough language , sex , and scenes of extreme brutality and torture . Some viewers may find the movie too intense , so be warned.Blu-ray special features include audio commentary with the director and actors Michael Biehn , Milo Ventimiglia , and Michael Eklund .
 Saying this movie is dark is an understatement . It 's really just one depravity after the next , each one topping the last . You never find out why anything is occurring either . I like post apocalyptic movies , but this was a total disappointment . If you like this sort of thing , watch the first 5 minutes and then the last 5 minutes , just to get the feeling of the atmosphere . Everything in between really does n't have much to do with it except for a bunch of people going nuts because they ca n't cope . Remember that guy from Terminator , the one who was sent back in time to be protect Sarah Connor ? Yeah he 's in it too . He must have needed to eat that week .
 We were enjoying this movie for about the first 45 minutes and then it just took a drastic turn and become a heaping pile of unrealistic and sadistic crap . It was n't about surviving , it was about S&M , rape , torture and it went too far . It ruined what until then was a decent movie . Not award material , but still interesting . What was Rosanna Arquette thinking when she took this role ? Is she that hard up for cash that she would take a degrading role like this ? Slight spoiler regarding her role ... her daughter gets taken and how does she respond instead of trying to get her back ? Starts rotating on some man meat and willingly gets abused and no one does anything to stop it . If you , like us , got this because you like post-apocalyptic type movies , you 'll be disappointed in this one because that is very little of the story line . Almost the entire movie takes place in one bunker-type location and there is no focus on survival besides rationing water and can goods .
 First off i got the movie from walmart and wish i didnt spend my moms money . The story was intense indeed but left the viewer with more questions rather then answers . But having rape and other content was way over the top . Making fun of dooms day prepers does n't help much either some of them arent nuts they are trying to prepare incase something serious does go down in the future . The average person who would watch this movie would probably kringe and freak out maybe as a good shocker to think about the future but i feel the director should of went more towards a stronger story and show folks that some humans can survive the apocalypse if prepared right and with a solid mind . I would recommend you download this movie on netflix and then delete it real quick . One seen stuck in my head of rape and things isnt pleasent to think about . I threw my copy away in the trash cause it just didnt really seem right to me that they think humans are animals only with no sense of caring for one another . Bottom line i wanted to ask the director are you part of the new world order or did they tell you something we need to know ? Instead look for a real good documentary like -LSB- ... -RSB- alex jones movies or something !
 At least the tagline for this movie was pretty accurate , `` The lucky ones died in the blast . '' . If I had a choice of watching this movie or going out with the blast I would 've chose the latter that 's how bad it is.The best parts of the movie are the beginning and end!Only reason I watched it was because I really liked Milo Ventimiglia in Heroes but take the worst episode of Heroes it 's even better than this movie ... I do n't know how they got money to make this movie ? They probably only showed them the trailer which was way better than the movie and made it look like it had lots of action and was actually worth watching?Didn ' t seem like the writers even make an effort . So many plot holes like location of bathroom , lack of any explanation of militarized science workers , etc. . No background given on almost anyone except for the 9/11 firefighter so for the most part you did n't care if anyone lived or died and could n't wait for all of them to actually since most were idiots and not the kind of people you would want to repopulate the world anyways!There was one point in the movie where I actually had a bit of hope it might turn around where hey maybe this is all an experiment by Homeland Security or something but no wild tangents like that but no ... Basically , just like a bad dream where you are the only one with brains left in the basement of a skyscraper with a whole bunch of morons.Don ' t take a rocket scientist to figure out it 's gon na end bad for all .
 A post-apocalyptic dasaster -LRB- in more then one way -RRB- film.The Divide uncut-claims too be extremly graphic , veiwers of the Saw series , and movies like that scene much much worse.In the sence of graphic images this movie is disapointing -LRB- if that is a draw for you -RRB- . If you like movies that show people with mental brake downs you may enjoy this a little more then I did.Everyone 8 of the 9 inital survivers go through there own mental colasps.The drama , and action of the film actaully is n't too bad for a low budget movie , that takes place in an apartment buildings fall out shelter.But in my case anyway-some of it go so slow it put me too sleep.I had to pick up where i left off , about 50 minutes in , and after another 20 minutes or so I was wishing this thing whould end.The movie itself.This film starts out at the end of a nuclear strike.The complex in New York - is tumbling down .9 people make it too the landlord Mickey 's fall out shelter . I guess those along with panic rooms are a regular now.Thats the kind of image I got from Mickey 's informitive speech
 Why would anyone go to so much effort to make such a good looking man -LRB- Milo Ventimiglia -RRB- look monstrous ? Michael Biehn also had to have his good looks turned into a grizzled mess . This could have been a very different movie , if you ladies know what I mean hehe . Even the wimpy foreign guy was pleasing to the eye when he was n't crying like a lost puppy . Other than the eye candy , it was depressing , dark , and seemed meaningless . Nothing original or creative , just the standard rape-to-death sicko fantasy world for guys that want society to end . This movie played like someone gave a basic outline and the rest was impromptu , without anyone knowing or caring how it ends or any of the details along the way . The characters were all very flawed or very weak , or both . Would not watch again , would not recommend .
 This is probably the worst movie I have ever seen and I 've seen lots of crappy movies . Approximately 30 minutes into the movie I was ready for it to end . The movie suck stunk and I would n't recommend this movie to anyone !
 I like Michael B. but not sure if me watching it was more foolish than the movie itself . Did like the very end though .
 seems like it my go somewhere ... but it never does . sad , depressing , disgusting . I thought w / some bigger name actors for this sort of movies it might be ok . i was wrong . a lot of questions gone unanswered , and a horrible plot line . And I watched the whole thing : -RRB-
 thanks goodness i did get this cheap . i saw this when it first came out and thought it looked interestion but , in a word ... ROTTEN . do n't even think about it .
 This movie was utter garbage ... directed by Xavier Gems and he did Frontier -LRB- s -RRB- and Hitman . Those are WAY better than this ... the actual filming of it was crappy too . It was like he used a home video camera and shot a bunch of people going crazy . nothing important happens and they all die at the end for no reason ! HATED IT !!!!! I love his other movies but cant stand this one !!! DONT SEE IT !
 Let me say that I 'm a big fan of post-apocalyptic films . I love witnessing a creative team 's vision come to life on the screen as they tackle the complexities of contemporary humans in futuristic , lawless societies.However , The Divide just did n't do it for me . It focuses on what happens when people are locked in a small space together and lacks nuance in that treatment . It reminded me more of a hatchet horror film than the psychological thriller it wants to be . The Divide intentionally feels claustrophobic , but unfortunately it 's equally cramped in its ability to challenge the viewer.This movie should have been a short , 30-minute film focusing on fewer , more sympathetic characters . Instead it 's a long mess with nothing to grab on to . -LRB- Felt like one star , but giving it two for the acting . -RRB-
 Xavier Gens ' post-apocalyptic mess of a movie was promoted with the tagline , `` The Lucky Ones Died in the Blast . '' To which should have been added , `` The Unlucky Were Forced to Watch This Film . '' Because in fact , `` The Divide '' is truly one of the worst movies I have ever forced myself to sit through . It is so bad that even though I received my review copy for free , I still want my money back!So here 's the set-up
 I agree with the reviewer , who says that there is no redeeming value to this movie . I would give it zero stars , if possible . I have also collected many movies of all types , over 3,000 , and have quite a strong stomach . But I do n't know how the actors were even induced to play out such depravity . I was sickened and only finished watching -LRB- fast forwarding through many parts -RRB- , because I was curious to find out what happened in the end -- which was also pointless , I might add . I suppose if there is one lesson we can learn from this , it 's the horror humans are capable of unleashing on each other under certain circumstances . We should n't , for example , say that things like the Holocaust ca n't happen , as some ignorantly do . But truly , as far as this film goes , I would have to say worthless is the best word to describe it .
 I feel that this movie is very DISTURBING ! And if you want to have anxiety and feel depressed , then this movie is for you ! It 's very graphic and eerie ! It just shows how people who do n't have any faith in God whatsoever would behave during an apocalyptic event !
 Directed by Xavier Gens -LRB- who made his name with a horror `` Frontier -LRB- s -RRB- '' back in 2007 -RRB- `` The Divide '' attempts to do two things at once . The film starts out as a post-apocalyptic thriller about a small group of survivors after a nuke attack on New York City ; it also intends to be a psychological drama of these `` lucky '' people under the claustrophobic situations . The premise may remind us of Vincenzo Natali 's psychological thriller `` Cube , '' in which scientific elements serve as a set-up for the story about the characters trapped in a small space.The idea is good , if not very original . Unfortunately , the filmmakers failed to develop it into a compelling narrative . `` The Divide '' tries to be a grim , uncompromising thriller by repeatedly using graphic violence . Though I do not disagree with the idea itself , I still find it annoying and pointless when violence is the only thing the director seems interested in.What is strange about `` The Divide '' is that no one in the film -LRB- and the filmmakers -RRB- seems to care the details of the situation . The film seems unaware of such things as water , air ventilation and radioactive matters that will affect the lives of the characters . The director seems only interested in how those survivors descend into a hellish condition , being deprived of last vestige of humanity.By the time the film 's thin story comes to the conclusion , I stopped caring what is going on inside of the basement , even though the film has a decent cast including Rosanna Arquette , Michael Biehn , Lauren German , Courtney B. Vance and Milo Ventimiglia . While watching this mess , I remembered that Rosanna Arquette was in `` Pulp Fiction , '' possibly the best film of the 1990s . That made me really sad .
 The opening scenes for The Divide show us a firey nuclear hell unleashed on New York City , a mad dash to get out of a building , and finally we see a lucky few manage to force their way into a basement before the door is slammed shut . The stage has been set for what should be an interesting couple of hours . Maybe a dozen or so characters , seemingly a random bunch that just happened to make it into the same place at the same time.Unfortunately The Divide quickly begins falling apart in many ways . First , within apparently a few days of the total nuclear destruction of New York City an -LRB- theoretically -RRB- US government agency of some sort has set up shop outside the basement door . This agency is not FEMA out to find survivors and ferry them to safety ; no , armed with machine guns , they are out to confront survivors and take by force any children among them , then kill off any adults.Although the sole child in the group is grabbed , injected , bagged , and wisked away from the group , the machine gun armed thugs in futuristic hazmat suits apparently have had almost no training in handling automatic weapons or finding and killing targets . What should have been meat on the table for these thugs turns into a catastrophic loss as they lose two of thier own , including weapons and the suits , for the loss of none of the survivors.The survivors , as well as the audience , wonders what the heck was that all about ? So one of them suits up and ventures out . What we find is that this government agency appears to be conducting some kind of disections , tests , or experiments on children . It is near impossible to figure out what they are doing exactly , but what ever it is , it is barbaric , making these government agents seem like some evil aliens from another world . Predictibly , the survivor 's disguise does n't hold up long and he makes a mad dash for the basement , dropping and leaving the machine gun along the way.The government agency apparently decides that welding the door shut from the outside is the best way to keep the rats in the cage , so after this point in the story that door is never opened again . With all of the rats in a well sealed cage and limited supplies with no foreseeable way out , the survivors quickly degenerate into subhuman beings , driven by animal-like instincts and little regard for any kind of community spirit . We are shown torture -LRB- both physical and mental -RRB- , and reapeated rape or attempted rape . Eventually this all leads to a predictable sole survivor who seems to be the one keeping a shred of humanity in an insane environment . This survivor 's final act is to shed that last bit of regard for others and purposely abandon the last few to a horrible fate.In the end , the viewer will feel both robbed and cheated . Robbed of two hours of life . Robbed of any explanation for the actions of the mysterious government agency . Cheated by the director 's insistance on repeatedly having seeming rational characters make irrational decisions for no plausible reason . Granted , this does happen in real life from time to time , but almost every character in the film repeatedly makes gratuitously bad decisions . It is also hardly believable that a group of somewhat average people would degenerate so quickly into psychotic excuses for humans . If the basement was located in the bottom of Rikers Island prison instead of an average apartment building , this story in this movie might have been a bit more plausible .
 The US is being bombed and in a certain apartment building , there is a mad dash to get to the basement . A small band of survivors get there and the film follows them as they try to survive and as their small semblance of society crumbles . I would say the film was ok . I did n't love it or hate it . I liked that it showed a situation I had never seen before and I am glad I watched it . However , I would not put myself through that 2 hour , soul crushing hopelessness again.I thought a lot of it was unrealistic . For instance , a basement is not indestructible and it 's not air tight . Radiation would have gotten in regardless . The people were unbelievable as well . I do n't think people would just sit by and let women get raped or let random people decide who lives and who dies . And if they do , then they deserve their fate . Nothing really put those 2 depraved men above anyone else except that they were strong enough to take control . I also do n't understand why a gun was so important . There were plenty of other blunt objects and even an ax that would have done the same thing
 The basic idea of this film is that if dozen strangers are trapped in a basement following a nuclear strike , they 'll turn into raving sexual monsters . This thing is as close to a snuff film as it gets , with Roseann Arquette submitting herself to one of the most degrading roles ever filmed . I 'm no prude , by a long shot , but if someone were to tell me they watched this movie twice , I 'd take out a restraining order .
 Warning
 Take a nuclear attack , add the scared residents of an apartment building . Lock them in a basement and add paranoia , sex and lots of violence and you have The Divide . I liked the idea of this film and thought it had a lot of promise . Unfortunately that is not the film we have here . There seems to be no point or reason to this film . Things seem to happen just to happen . Not to further the story . And there is not a likeable character in this film . I suggest skipping this film and watching something better like Take Shelter .
 The Divide starts off at the cusp of seeing New York City as we know it come to an end through explosions reminiscent of an alien invasion . But it is not . It is a human invasion , possibly of another country . The attacks might be the result of a Japanese retaliation as references are made to Nagasaki . The survivors , who would have been better off had they evaporated above the basement they find refuge in , treat one another in their microcosm similar to the violent macrocosm above . The story quickly bares the ugly truth of humanity into raw violent emotions . At this point , the writers of this story , to me , begin to look like the fish at the end of Finding Nemo
 Rented this from Redbox last night and although it started out rather cheesetastically , the mystery built after one of the characters was kidnapped from the cellar the characters are trapped in . Sadly , this one big mystery is never addressed ever again and instead , the movie descends into complete madness.It 's one of those movies that makes you wonder how the actors can do what they did . I love apocalyptic fiction , but tend to find the psychotic aspect that some of these stories focus on to be extremely disturbing , disgusting , and just not for me . For example , the cannibal cult in Lucifer 's Hammer or the department store freaks -LRB- though to be fair , those guys escaped from an asylum -RRB- and Macklin 's camp in Swan Song . Perhaps I just have more faith in humanity , but the idea that people can be reduced to such animalistic , psychotic behavior makes my skin crawl.The Divide brings this exact type of creepy crawly feeling to life . I watched in horror as things just got worse and worse . It 's an interesting psychological thriller that examines the basic human emotions and instincts such as love , jealousy , courage , and the need to survive but ultimately came down to what felt like a confusing mess . As I mentioned , a big mystery is revealed relatively early on and then is never , ever addressed again . If this was going to be the case , the mystery should never have been introduced in the first place.I was led to believe that this mystery was where the movie was going and it seemed really interesting , but the movie ended up being about human depravity and psychological torture . Not unworthy of a rental , but certainly not a movie I will ever willingly watch again .
 This movie is a complete waste of time . Humans can be dark , but a real life scenario would n't play out like this . Everyone that did n't give this film one star is misguided or maybe follows Tom Cruise 's religion . Idiotas .
 So I have no idea about this movie I almost started reading some of the reviews below but then stopped I wanted to go into this movie blind . I mean from the list of actors it seemed like it would be something I would be interested in but I was not and am not expecting much.I will be breaking this review into 30 min . chunks as I watch the movie . And I will pause the movie and jot down my thoughts on the movie 's progression . I will not give away any spoilers just the general consensus .30 minutes in : So at this .30 min . in I 'm not totally attached is moving I 'm kind of watching it and doing other things not the kind of movie that grabs you from the start . And at this point you get the general idea of about how this movie is going to play out catastrophic world events people trapped together in a whole bunch of tension and craziness . So I will keep on watching and here I go .1 hour in : okay just stopped it one hour in the group is truly starting to fragment and the man in charge is starting to have is power/authority challenged . I mean I feel this movie is trying to be epic but I 'm just not connected to any of the characters really . And the premise of what 's going on in the outside world when you get to this point you be questioning the reality of the situation . Anyway unpausing now we 'll see where it goes from here.Pause
 This movie starts OK , and gets a little better as things go on to a point . Then it 's obvious the writer had no idea what to do after that and then the movie devolves into your stereo typical survivor horror story . Why people stand around letting one or two others rape and torture when they can just subdue the crazy ones makes no sense . I assume it was the Directors failed attempt to shock the audience instead of answering questions about the original attackers of the City .
 I undestand the message of helplessnes , human depravity and nature , but the film carried it too far , too unrealistic to the point of beint very disgusting . I am throwing the video away . some of the actions taken by the actors was unrealistic , even considering human depravity . It had no social redeeming value whatsoever . I am a movie collector and have some sense of realism , social values and human nature , but this film ultimately has no value to be transmitted to the viewer .
 Thought this would be about nuclear devestation or planning or something interesting . Instead turned in to a lot of crazy people -LRB- even before the traumatic event occured -RRB- acting out weird issues . Became very lower social class -LRB- drugs , rape etc -RRB- .
 This film shows the dark side of human behavior without restraint and humanity . For mere voyeurism and violence sake , I see no entertainment value or enjoyment watching women getting raped and men displaying the `` might is right '' justification at any costs . How long does capitivity take for some to butcher and mutilate corpses before justifying cannibalism ? How long does being confined with a group of strangers make humans more dangerous to each other before we realize maybe surviving was a bad idea ? In any case , I found myself wanting these people to die if these people are whats left of the human race . It was a waste of time watching and money renting this film .
 I will say `` The Divide '' wastes absolutely no time in getting started . Without any opening credits we see a mushroom cloud forming over the NYC skyline and an apartment building 's residents making a mad dash to a bunker in the basement.And that is about the only positive thing I can say for the film . The following 2 hours is just mind numbingly dull as we watch the survivors of the initial blast yell , fight and in general be mean to each other . That 's it , that is the whole story . 9 people argue and torture each other over food , over sex , over ... well just about over anything and everything.Apparently a nuclear armageddon turns most males into drunken bully frat boys , while most women sit around and stare at things . `` The Divide '' takes a promising cast and wastes them . You 'll hate all of the characters , none have any redeeming value , and at the end of the film you ask yourself `` Do I really want any of these people to survive ? `` Not sure what they were going for with `` The Divide '' but it really accomplishes nothing .
 OK , it is a great idea for a movie but it ends and your asking yourself `` what the heck ? `` There is no explanation for anything thats going on.Who was the government agency ? , Why were they taking the children?Too many situations with to many unanswered questions .
 I watched this movie when it first arrived . Really did n't know anything about it except what I had read in reviews . Movie did not make any sense to me . I know it will get pretty ugly when and if something goes wrong in our country -LRB- EMP , Nuclear Attack , etc -RRB- but this one was way over the top . This movie was not believable in any way , the characters were all over the place in personalities and actions . I would not waste my money . Heck , you can even have my copy ...
 This is one of the grimmest movies that I have ever seen . It starts out bad and only gets worse as time goes by . If you ever thought that the end of the world might not seem so bad , watch this and you will save the last round for yourself .
 I did not buy this thru Amazon . I should have come here first though to see what the reviews were . I had hoped for a film about the apocolypse , but this one is more of porn and violence than anything else . There is a definite decline into madness by each character represented in this tale with absolutely no hope of a future . Gives one the sense of such hopelessness that if this ever occurs , one would be better off killing oneself , immediately , rather than going through any length of survival .
 I did n't like this film and I regret that I bought it , for many reasons , not the least of which is that I was deceived by the image and teaser on the cover of the DVD.I thought I was buying a SF film about survivors of a nuclear war trying to go on with their lifes . This film however is something diiferent . The original cataclysm is barely shown and is never explained - we never learn what exactly happened . The whole story is in fact a study in the slow but certain disappearance of all social order and even purely human reflexes amongst a group of people who are trapped in a cage without exit -LRB- an underground shelter -RRB- and with dwindling food and water supply ... The film is full of incredibly vulgar language - it seems that absolutely everybody speaks with the `` F '' bomb beginning every sentence . There are purely obscene moments of sexual nature -LRB- nothing to do with love-making -RRB- . Excrements , menstrual blood , rotting bodies and swarming cockroaches , all play considerable role by moments . There are very graphic scenes of murder , rape and torture . In one word , this film has more in common with `` Saw '' franchise than with SF movies . This is most of the plot and of the scenario - and this film REALLY disgusted me.I would rate this thing one star , if it was not for the last five minutes , which contain one pretty cruel but really intelligent twist , which I did n't see coming at all . I also must admit that actors did a rather good job and the cast is strong
 And I am now sorry that I did because in many respects it was and is horrible and I wo n't likely be renting it again , I can not understand for the life of me why the actress Rosanna Arquette would want to portray herself in the matters and manners as this only to be killed by those two creep brothers that she did in this film even of she is acting , maybe she 's wasked up as an actress now or this film will do it to her . I agree with the synopsis in the trailers that this is a film that is relentless in parts and does not give up but the violence is overwroght . And they did not explain what the people in the hazmat suits were doing with the bodies of the children that were in the cryogenic chambers after they took the daughter of the character being played by Arquette . It 's like a claustrophobic type movie .
 Being fairly liberal on reviews , I usually take films that are not well-known and often find gems amongst the rough . Not so with THE DIVIDE . I was pleasantly surprised to see Michael Biehn -LRB- TERMINATOR -RRB- in one of the prime roles and thought that might nudge this film up a notch on my enjoyment meter . Again , not so.I also sincerely love post-apocalyptic films . How much so , you may ask ? TANK GIRL is one of the films I enjoy . As is ZOMBIELAND , MAD MAX , and LOGAN 'S RUN . Yup . I 'm seriously into them . So I sat down with this film hoping I might add it to my `` Dead Earth '' series -LRB- as I like to call them -RRB- . But ... the main thing that makes these other films `` work '' where THE DIVIDE failed was sympathetic characters , a decent script , and an ending that actually was an ending -LRB- or at least made some sense -RRB- . THE DIVIDE just seems to end with no resolution . No understanding of what actually happened to the world above -LRB- which the characters in this movie venture out into and find themselves a part of some sort of post nuclear holocaust experiment -RRB- . I get that the producers/writers/directors were trying to show these people in a pressure cooker element -LRB- people of differing personalities and behaviors stuck in a basement together until they burst at their mental seams -RRB- . But give us some empathy ... somewhere . When people started dying/killing off , I could 've cared less . I was hoping they 'd all die quickly so the movie would be over sooner . Seriously ? Who cares if they were angry with this person or that person ? I never knew any motivation behind anything anyone did . Why SHOULD I care?My assumption is that this was a `` straight-to-DVD '' production . And rightfully so.Now it 's straight into the trash bin for this one .
 I ca n't really thing of any aspect of this movie that is worthy of positive note . I love the end of the world kind of movies , and since Michael Biehn -LRB- sp ? -RRB- is in this movie I thought it might be fun to watch ... I actually rented it online . What a dog of a movie . If you want to see something with the idea of this movie , watch `` Lord Of The Flies '' because that is all that happens here , the people in the movie degenerate into rapists , murderers , insanity - not to mention stupid . This is already many multiples more words than this piece of garbage deserves ... 1/5 - AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE .
 Whoever is responsible for this needs therapy . It had basically no plot . The scenarios just repeated themselves until everyone had gone crazy .
 Pure disgusting . One of the worst movies of all time . If you are demented and want to puke , this movie is for you . Wish I did n't even have to give it a star , but amazon makes ya ! Thee one and only good thing about this film was the last song played while the credits were rolling . Good luck .
 I should have listened to the other reviews . According to IMDB it only made over $ 20,000 , how is that possible ? Well if you watch this movie you will understand why . Watch it on HBO or paid cable . I do n't recommned this movie to anyone .
 Danny Trejo has many credits under his belt . Many must love him , including myself . Still , he is in big trouble if this mess of a movie is what happens when he 's a main character . Maybe like Paul Lynde , he really has to be to the sides and not at the front of the line.Let me mention just one scene that illustrates the silliness of this film . Trejo 's character takes a female intern hostage as he flees a hospital . You hear all this female screaming and pleading , but the actress ' mouth never moves while she is being hauled away . Trejo is walking slowly with an unwilling hostage yet the police are unable to catch up with him . Trejo has been in prison for years , yet he can shoot effectively with a hostage in one hand and the police get hit with his bullets left and right and do fake `` I 'm shot ! '' movements all over.A hardcore Trejo fan may want to see this , but anyone else probably wo n't be able to stomach it .
 The only good thing about this show is her crazy , schizo. , friend ` srole . But the rest is awful . I do n't like Courtney Cox in this role at all . I wo n't be buying a second season ... I can not believe there will be a second season.Tokyo
 Ok so I have always thought Courteney Cox should not be allowed on screen due to lack of acting talent and this show just proves it . It really is the most boring show Ive seen in a long time . If you thought she was bad in scream ... and friends . . dont watch this ... there are other actors in this show who do redeem it somewhat but could never save it . Hopefully this show will be scraped .
 Although the reporting is above average in depth , the perspective is overwhelmingly liberal which makes it distateful for anyone with conservative values .
 The guy seems like a nice guy . But not only do I agree with the other negative reviews , I 'm also calling shenanigans on the whole project . An 84 in his first tourney ? With a swing like that I find that highly unlikely . There are great athletes that golf semi-regularly that do n't shoot a legit 84 . And now he is a 4 handicap apparently , similar to former college players . This movie is unexpectedly hilarious . The cheesy yoga instructor playing the role of mr. Miagi , him claiming he was working 80-100 hours a week , taking care of his family while taking 8 strokes off handicap , his dad claiming -LRB- in defense of his absence -RRB- he worked 120 hours a week . His next movie will be called `` bottom of the ninth '' where he is hitting 340 in the Yankee farm system but has to leave his games early to go manually mulch his plot of land in Iowa while dr. Phil provides inspiration and you can sign up for this thing for only $ 99.99 and have people work directly beneath you and his dad used to play chess with Woodrow Wilson
 This guy needs to get a grip -LRB- sorry for the golf pun -RRB- . I 'm 62 and have a 1.6 handicap and actually have a golf swing unlike this guy . Embarrassing . Interesting that one of the golf courses shown as a backdrop in the film is Silver Rock in Palm Springs where they play some of the Bob Hope professional golf tournament . Its 7,500 yards of wicked challenge that a guy like this in the documentary would n't even break 100 on and yet he has the arrogance to think he can play professional golf with the big guys who break par on that sucker . Yup , this guy moved on to the national amateur championship for the GOLF CHANNEL HOGAN FLIGHT !!! which meant he was a 8 to 11.9 handicap at the time and he played against a bunch of weekend hackers who were just out for a good time . I just played the Nicklaus Ritz-Carlton in Tucson where they play the Accenture Match Play in the winter and its an impossible 7,800 yards for someone at my level and I could whip this guy cold . He needs to show a little more respect for just how incredibly good the big guys are on tour and the professional women as well who would make mince meat of a hack like this guy . I 'm a 1.6 handicap and I 've always thought that if there was a crippled senior tour where some of the greats were playing out of wheel chairs I might be able to make the bottom rung of that tour . At least I 'm realistic .
 No talent ass-clown , delusions of grandeur . This guys swing was not only ugly but appeared to have zero improvement throughout the film . I felt awkward every time I watched him swing , even more so every time he opened his mouth . The real golf pros seemed overly judgmental in their opinions which seemed odd to me , they just had to of seen him swing before making those comments , that whole part was kinda unfair to them.If you plan to watch for a glimmer of what it might be like to go pro , do n't bother . This documentary has zero value and I 'd hate to think anyone comes away from it thinking that a single bit of it reflects the true life of someone with half a chance . I was very disappointed .
 Look , the guy is really nice . He 's got an awesome family . He 's working through some lingering father issues he 's had since childhood . And he 's trying to lower his handicap.But do n't fool yourself into thinking this is actually a documentary about someone pursuing their dream of playing professional golf . This is at best a documentary about a guy trying to get moderately better at golf . And he does go from a 15 handicap to a 4 , which is cool . But throughout the course of the entire movie , never does he actually , truly , wholeheartedly try to make a real go at playing professionally . He plays an amateur tour the entire time in , I believe , the second flight -LRB- maybe the third -RRB- , and admittedly only practices 10 hours a week . A week . So like , an hour a day , at most two . And at the end of the movie , he does n't even play in the friggin ' National Championship that he qualifies for ! And he 's ** really ** serious about playing golf professionally?It 's just a boring movie about a really nice guy trying to play more golf while working through some father issues , dealing with a hectic job , and trying to raise a family . Skip it .
 Incredibly boring -LRB- the film too -RRB- , Jon Fitzgerald fails to inspire . He generates little interest and , consequently , support in his quest to become a professional golfer . His is a story deliriously absent of adversity , intrigue and triumph . The film ends where it begins ; a better than average golfer living a privileged but average life .
 This is the most boring , self-center , nonsense movie about a wimpy , self-absorbed , spoiled person.Where is the golf ? Grow-up Fitzgerald !!!! This guy has major personal issues . All is does it talk about his personal problems . This is 100 % self promotional . There is very little golf covered in the movie.DO NOT WASTE YOU MONEY OR TIME WATCHING THIS MOVIE !!!!
 Horrible waste of time . I absolutely loathed this guy by the end and so did everyone else I watched it with . Self-centered mooch spends a few years selfishly `` improving '' his game and enjoying coaches , trainers , experiences all paid for by anyone associated with the movie . He bemoans his relationships with his two dads but bolts to Scotland when his wife is due with their son to seek more enlightenment . Grow up dude . The preview was very misleading and this guy had no chance of ever making it on the tour . Wish I had that grueling hour and 45 minutes back . What a joke .
 This move is for YOU ... If you love movies about 40 year old guys talking advantage of serious instructors i -LRB- im guessing in exchange for free pub -RRB- in a half assed attempt to make some amateur golf tour that nbody knows exists.In his first ever tourney the guy wins ... shooting an 84 ? Iit goes downhill from thereProduction is pretty solid and earned that second star though.So , It seems the director has loaded the amazon reviews with shills . Anybody giving this sucker 5 stars is either a friend or stoned , very stoned .
 This movie/documentary was brutal . They should show it on a loop in a interrogation room until the guy breaks ... I could n't get over this guy 's crappy swing and delusions of grandeur . Dude , please !! After seeing you swing one time , I knew there was no way you would make it . And to top it all off , your personality was worse than your swing . What I would n't give to have that hour and 45 minutes back in my life . Stay away !
 This is my first ever Amazon review . I simply ca n't not attempt to spare others.I played golf in D1 golf in college , so all my friends and family think I 'm something special when I play with them . They think that I should have more seriously considered playing professionally . My handicap was a +4 the summer before my senior year . Well , that was mostly at my home course , which was your average park district track , in perfect weather , under no pressure ... That D1 golf team I played on ? One of the worst 50 in the country . And I was never better than the 3 man in any tournament . The best player on my team was significantly better than me in all aspects of the game . He was the runner up player of the year in our conference , but he could n't start for any Big 10 or SEC team . Oh , your average guys at the major schools would get slaughtered by by someone on a decent mini tour ... who would get cleaned by the Nationwide Tour ... . who do n't even have a PGA Tour card.All this to say , people who have any idea just how wide the chasm is between your average chop and a professional would be disgusted . Just because you do n't need to run a 4.5 40 or have a 46in vertical or bench 350lbs does n't mean you 're any closer to becoming a professional in golf than any other sport . You 're still at 1 in a million if you started as a 5 handicap at age 30 ! You 'd actually track his finishes at the Golf Channel Amateur Tour as a indication of his progress ? He 's in a highly uncompetitive flight of an irrelevant tour , winning a one day tournament at 12 over par.Please do n't watch this .
 Here 's a middle age clown , thinking he can start to play the game at 40 , and then enter the pro circuit . This is the biggest insult to pro golfers I 've ever seen to basically say , you guys are so poor at this I can beat you with almost NO SKILL.Two swings into the film I can see this guy has never hit a quality golf shot in his life , because his swing is so poor and so amateurish.This is n't a film about golf , but rather a totally un-grateful idiot that has TWO great fathers , and thinks this is horrible and an awful burden to carry . Instead of being grateful for that gift , and going forward , he uses 's this as an excuse to get sympathy and spent his life manipulating people . I wish I would have had ONE FATHER !!! Just like he did in this film to get free trips and free equipment and free instruction , this master scam artist goes to OTHER scam artists that charge big money for nothing ever proven effective in golf and gets them to buy into free stuff because he 's making a film.What this man has NO understanding of , is that massage , yoga and acupuncture and all that stuff only helps an already good golfer , FEEL good enough to play better for a longer time . This guy thinks it actually gives you a better swing , and will make you shoot in the 60s which is what you need to do in the pros.He 's a pitiful high 70s player , with only a thousand guys in every big city in America , that will eat your lunch and take every dime you have gambling on a game , and he has never , ever felt one bit of real pressure in his life with a golf shot . It 's that pressure at the pro level that is so intense that it takes already GREAT PLAYERS , and I mean 60 's shooters on their home courses , and makes them crumble on Saturday and Sunday at the highest levels of this sport , and that is the HEART of this game.If he actually KNEW anything about this beautiful game , he 'd know many great players including Mr. Bobby Jones himself said , `` There are two kinds of golf in this world . One is what everyone plays on the week ends and has fun with , and the other is tournament golf at the pro level , and one has NOTHING in common with the other . `` This self obsessed drama queen , that demands attention in life from everyone like some child , thinks gimmicks rule the game of golf , instead of pure talent , and being born with genes that are different than the rest of us . A pro golfer can take a set of clubs off the rack at K-Marts and with no sleep and hung-over from the night before , STILL beat every non pro want-to-be gofer out here , but our `` hero '' in this disaster of a film , thinks a good massage will do the trick and fitted clubs.Finally ... the golf channel amateur league , is NOTHING at all like real competition going against a crummy 2 or 3 OTHER guys In YOUR FLIGHT !! -LRB- He wins with an 84 for gods sake -RRB- If I shot an 84 I could n't except the trophy I 'd be so embarrassed . I 'd tell people that was my brother and he left the course already !! This was a miserable film , with nothing to do with high level golf , and if every golfer missed this foolish piece of cinema the 'd be better off.YOu want a better game ???? DO N'T WATCH THIS AWFUL FILM !! ''
 Just horrendous . This guy does not have his priorities in line . It is certainly tough to sit through the whole documentary .
 Fitzgerald just seemed really selfish and deluded to me . I could not root for him . He talks about his childhood and his two fathers , etc. , etc. , yet he goes off to go on a golf tour in Europe leaving his pregnant wife and daughter at home . Robert Redford 's comments about Fitzgerald starting his own film festival is very telling ... the guy ca n't deal with rejection .
 Yet another gay-themed flick from the talented Portuguese director Joo Pedro Rodrigues . But whereas his previous effort -LRB- O FANTASMA , 2000 -RRB- was dark , sexy -LRB- even pornographic , according to some -RRB- , and creepily atmospheric , TWO DRIFTERS is bland , lacking in thematic coherence , and ultimately disappointing.Because Rodrigues deals so much with dreams and sexual/psychotic fantasies in his work , one could potentially argue that the looseness of this particular film 's narrative reflects its hidden themes and metaphors . But those themes and metaphors were already explored by Rodrigues in O FANTASMA , and better , so why bother with them again?Without revealing too much of the plot , it should suffice to say that in TWO DRIFTERS , we see/follow the same basic premise as in O FANTASMA
 There are few movies I would call ridiculous , but this is certainly one of them . Long , dull , nothing-happening scenes are punctuated with moments of insane behavior and events with little explanation . If there is a reasoning to all this , we the viewers are certainly asked to fill in the gaps far too much . There is little substantiation to this movie and it duly suffers in the credibility department . You know something is amiss when the product description on the back cover of the DVD makes more sense than the movie does . Now , I openly admit I have n't seen any of director Joo Pedro Rodrigues ' other films , and perhaps I am probably not savvy enough to understand them , but if this movie is representative , I am highly inclined not to give them a try .
 The story of the girl who dumps the guy for not hunkering down is as old as the sun , but the way in which this girl , Odete -LRB- Ana Cristina de Oliveira -RRB- , fills the void is strange and fresh . She is a supermarket rollergirl -LRB- does this job actually exist in Portugal ? -RRB- who wants more from life , a better career , a wedding , and most importantly a baby . He 's not interested so they split . From there Odete shows up at a funeral parlor with nothing but nefarious things on her mind and leaves deeply in love with the dearly departed Pedro . Soon after she begins to experience symptoms of pregnancy ; morning sickness , enlarged belly , etc. , and she is convinced that Pedro impregnated her from the grave . The pregnancy test says she is n't pregnant at all , but who has time for such small details ? The other titular drifter , Rui , is not as much a focus of the film -LRB- The original Portuguese title is `` Odete '' -RRB- . He truly was Pedro 's lover as we see in the very first scene , before we know anything about these characters we know Rui and Pedro are in love . Those pronouncements of love , however , are followed by the deadly car wreck that sets the rest of the film in motion.This film was a fairly ugly miss in my book . The plot does n't make a whole lot of sense -LRB- although it does n't feel like a puzzler -RRB- and the characters are horrible people and horribly sick . I 'm sure director Joao Pedro Rodrigues was going for a meditation on loss but he actually came up with a nonsensical mind bender with some gay porn thrown in for whoever might be interested . She goes shopping and he goes cruising and I 'm sure it is all very therapeutic for these characters but I 'm just not sure what I 'm supposed to get out of it . There is a lot of Christian symbolism hanging about , from crosses to immaculate conceptions to bloody palms but to what end ? I obviously do n't want everything spelled out for me , but whatever message was trying to be sent did not arrive here.This is not to say that all is lost either . The opaque nature of the film is a positive in a lot of ways . If a character makes a face or a gesture it is n't dwelled upon or underlined , even if they are n't sitting in the center of the shot . Music does n't just arrive to prod your emotions along either . Rodrigues has an eye for catching attention grabbing shots and the patience to hold them for longer than 3 seconds . There is also a strong performance by Oliveira as Odete . Her character is mostly a tragic one , but at times the pathetic nature of her is so overwhelming that the performance slides over into the comic territory . This is a woman , after all , who rejected her very real boyfriend and replaced him with an imaginary baby conceived by a man who she has never met and is now dead . That is her prerogative I suppose , but you will agree that it is a little strange . So while there are ideas here I just wish they would have been made a little louder and a little clearer . **
 Superbly awful . Beyond dreadful . Waste of time , money , and energy . Melodramatic , poor acting . Unbelievable and illogical plotting . Need i say more ? No .
 where action is almost not visible :-LRB- I watched last year `` Phantom '' by the same director and thought it could n't be worse . Unfortunately it is.The beginning is really promising . Two gay lovers are closing their anniversary date with a romantic kiss . Their happiness does n't last long however . Car accidents happen.From then on we observe very peculiar serie of events . The worst is that the action slows down dramatically . The shots are loooong and do n't make the whole thing more clear.Even if the acting is good it does n't change the whole impression . The actors seem to be as much lost as I was at some moments . If I had to point the best one , it would be with no doubt the one who portrayed the graving mother . The scene at the cementary at the grave of her husband is still in my mind.Well , the ending ... My jaw literally dropped . And it 's not because it was so amazing . On my list with the most ridiculous film endings the closing scene from `` Two drifters '' sits proudly in top 3 !
 After seeing O FANTASMA , the first feature of Joao Pedro Rodrigues , I had high expectations for TWO DRIFTERS . Unfortunately , it did not deliver . There were numerous problems , an implausible storyline and frustrating characters chief among them . It meandered far too much and ultimately ended on a ridiculous note . I recall reading favorable reviews of this film and was anxious to buy the DVD . I doubt it will remain in my library - it just was n't terribly engaging and suggests Joao Pedro Rodrigues took far too formulaic a path in constructing this work both substantively and dramatically . I also feel the development and rather dark transformations of his two leads seemed to follow the same trajectory as his lead character in O FANTASMA . It just did n't resonate with me .
 Terror Experiment is what you would expect for most low-budget Redbox thrillers . Once I realized that the featured actors were C. Thomas Howell , Judd Nelson , and Robert Carradine -LRB- Revenge of the Nerds -RRB- , I knew this would be a typical B-Movie , but still decided to give it a shot.The problem with Terror Experiment is that there 's really nothing memorable about it . Most of the cast offer `` I 'm just here for the check '' performances . The writing is n't anything special , and the story is n't terribly original . For the most part , it 's a ripoff of `` 28 Days Later '' with hints of `` Jacob 's Ladder '' thrown in.There are also plenty of plot holes . The biggest of which is that there 's a building jam-packed with federal employees on Christmas Eve . Several times during the start of the movie , it 's revealed that the date is December 24th . Apparently , not even the guy who carts mail around the office gets the day off.The film was shot well , and the color correction was fine . It looks better than most straight-to-DVD movies , but unoriginal story lines and generic acting performances make it obvious why Terror Experiment was never in theaters . As a diehard fan of low-budget horror flicks and thrillers , I actually do n't regret renting this movie . But I would n't suggest that anyone buy the DVD without watching it first , and I would n't suggest it for casual horror fans .
 This movie was so pointless and poorly done that I just kept getting up and doing other things , hoping it might get better . It never did .
 I really wanted to like this movie but it 's just not a good movie . The story is great but the screenplay is too B-movie for my liking . The dialogue is full of telenovela cliches and the pacing is terrible . I was expecting a Mexican satire of action films , instead it feels like a bad rip off . The only thing that I can say was quality was the sets . They do a better job of portraying the character of the story better than the director . A lot of the actors seem talented but you 'd never know it by this film .
 I tried to think of many ways to approach this film and describe it . It was just so bizarre that it left me wondering whether the makers of this film were being serious or wether the whole thing was just supposed to be comically bizarre yet entertaining . It seemed like some mexican soap opera makers decided to make a bad pseudo comedy movie version of Saving Private Ryan , HOWEVER , the film kept me strangely entertained . I wo n't rush out and tell people to flock to see this film but some people might love the comedic approach . Not the worst , but it wo n't make anybody 's top list .
 `` A Little Trip To Heaven '' has actually been on my `` to see '' list for a couple of years now . I love noir and this film seemed like something that would be right up my alley . With Forest Whitaker , Julia Stiles , Peter Coyote and the indispensable Jeremy Renner , I expected a heavenly tale of deception and intrigue . But while many of the plot elements were in place to provide an intriguing story , there is an awkwardness to `` A Little Trip To Heaven '' that derails some of the film 's better elements . The initial scenes in which a fatal car accident is staged are crisp and alive -- but soon the tension gives way to artifice and unbelievability . I firmly feel that a solidly plotted thriller is somewhere to be found , but it just is n't realized in the final screenplay or in the completed film.Forest Whitaker plays an insurance investigator sent to evaluate a death claim from the previously mentioned accident . It 's out to the country where the lawmen , naturally , are rubes . As any insurance agent is want to do -- Whitaker decides to spend an extended amount of time in town , interview and insinuate himself into the lives of all those involved , and solve a little murder or two by traipsing around the desolate landscape as some sort of unquestioned authority . Heck , this is rural America -- these country folk do n't know any better ! Renner , at least , provides appropriate menace as a prime suspect of wrongdoing . But the film steers into seriously unnecessary territory as some sort of romantic bond inexplicably forms between Whitaker and Stiles -LRB- who is as unlikable and as culpable as anyone in the film , but the filmmakers want us to view as a sympathetic heroine -RRB- . It 's all very awkward.Part of the underlying awkwardness of `` A Little Trip To Heaven '' is that it is clearly set on foreign soil -LRB- Iceland to be exact -RRB- subbing for rural America . This , in and of itself , might not be a problem -- but when you 're also loaded up with international actors doing over-the-top American accents , the language in this screenplay tends to become stilted . With stellar talent like Phylidda Law and Anne Reid unconvincing in even bit roles -LRB- these great ladies play a school marm and a diner waitress in throw-away scenes -RRB- , you know you 've got a problem . Add Whitaker , doing an accent from who knows where , and the film starts to get pretty messy . Some have indicated that the film is difficult to follow -- not so . It 's bigger mysteries just tend to push the boundaries of logic and believability . I so wanted this to be a neo-noir treat -- but it 's a mystifying misfire . Renner is worth that second star , though . KGHarris , 9/10 .
 The most disappointing part with A Little Trip to Heaven is * easily * that it never improves past the car accident in the beginning of the movie . When a mans car breaks down during a rainstorm , he 's forced to pull to the side and get a ride from a stranger . As soon as he gets inside the car , the driver apparently had a death wish and drove the car directly into the side of a bridge . A * very * good segment that was !! After that , you 're probably expecting more excitement in the same style , but much to my surprise -LRB- and dismay -RRB- instead you get a VERY mediocre mystery drama.Forest Whitaker plays the role of an investigator assigned to figure out the mysterious clues pertaining to this accident , however instead what happens is that Forest 's character visits a family who has ties to the accident , and ... the storyline settles into this groove of a slow-moving family and their fairly ordinary life and normal everyday problems . Being an investigator , Forest sure did n't seem to be in any hurry to get the facts!I love Forest 's accent . I suppose he was trying to imitate an Icelandic accent , but it ended up sounding more like a nerd who 's late for geology class.This movie is downright * boring * . I do n't know what else to say about it . Eventually - without spoiling what exactly happens - we realize there 's a scam taking place involving insurance , and the family -LRB- consisting of a man , woman and child -RRB- are n't what they appear to be . Again , I ca n't spoil who they are and how they relate to the car accident in the beginning - all I can say is that it takes an eternity for the storyline to finally get to that point . Seriously , you have to wait until at LEAST 70 % of the way through to find out what 's going on.Overall , I refuse to recommend anyone see such a disappointing detective movie .
 i watched this movie and was scratching my head then wondered when something was going to happen to get my attention ... never happened ... the movie is boring and kinda dumb ... i should have saved my money . .
 Shame on Hudson Street/CreateSpace for allowing a readily available concert to be presented as a bootleg ! This is better known as `` Live and More Encore ! '' to all the main fans - released on VHS AND DVD in 1999 . No need to repackage it or edit it - WHY would you edit out MacArthur Park , This Time I Know It 's For Real and I Feel Love PLUS half of Last Dance ?!? Only cost me 98cents but still ! If I knew how to report it to Amazon , I would !
 I got ripped off by rarewaves.com . I never ordered Internal Affairs Region 2 DVD 's . This company should be removed from Amazon.com immediately . The product that they sell , Region 2 DVD 's from London , England do not work in Canada or the United States . The customer service I received from them is horrible .
 As a teenager I remember watching and loving movies such as this one , based on the wounded machismo of the `` good guy '' character -LRB- played by Andy Garcia here -RRB- . The bad guy , in this case Richard Gere , challenges the good guy on several key areas of his macho identity
 After reading all of the other reviews of this film and all of the praise heaped on it , I have to wonder , are we all watching the same movie ? `` Internal Affairs '' is a weird film with so many preposterous premises that it could almost be a dark comedy if it was not for all of the mental and physical cruelty going on . As ridiculous as the plot is , you can see the end , and about everything in between , coming at you a mile away.Raymond Avilla -LRB- Andy Garcia -RRB- is an officer in the LAPD in the Internal Affairs Division . In one of his first assignments , Garcia and his partner Amy Wallace -LRB- Laurie Metcalf -RRB- are investigating officer Van Stretch -LRB- William Baldwin -RRB- . Avilla also suspects Stretch 's partner , Dennis Peck -LRB- Richard Gere -RRB- , since he finds it hard to believe that Stretch 's partner would be blind to his illegal activity . He also believes that Stretch does not have the intelligence or the independence to be pulling off all of the drug dealing on his own.Peck is supporting several ex-wives , his current pregnant wife , and eight children - on a policeman 's salary ? . He 's also sleeping with just about every woman that becomes his target of opportunity , including his own partner 's wife . Metcalf 's character is the only woman in this film not being sexually targeted and/or abused by Peck . However , this film attributes this more to her sexual orientation than to the possibility that she might actually have standards . Also , Peck is so involved in so many blatant dirty dealings that Frank Drebbin of Police Squad would have had to be chief of Internal Affairs to not notice what 's been going on up to this point , especially given Peck 's high rolling lifestyle and his harem . Peck is a politician extraordinaire , and his picture should be next to the phrase `` quid pro quo '' in the dictionary . This has kept him out of the line of fire of the other regular cops on the force . Whenever Peck calls in a favor , his cop friends do n't seem to mind that the favors often involve felonies . Peck is also ultra-psychotic and murders his so-called best friend and partner , the unfortunate officer Stretch , to keep him from talking to internal affairs and exposing Peck 's comfy criminal arrangements.I have to wonder why such a good actor as Richard Gere would have taken on such a two-dimensional role as Dennis Peck . Peck seems to have taken on the profession of rogue cop more because he enjoys performing acts of violence , murder , and mayhem than the reason that he gives in the film - that he would do anything to support his kids . What does shooting Laurie Metcalf 's character with a smile on his face have to do with supporting his kids ? What does all of the mental cruelty that he generously portions out and treating every woman that he meets as a piece of meat got to do with supporting his kids?Andy Garcia and Laurie Metcalf seemed rather wooden in their performances . In fact , it seems that only the villains in this film seem to come alive on screen . I get the feeling that all of the lead actors and actresses in this film just did not have proper direction during their performances on top of a script that does not make sense . This film has no brilliant twists , no lessons learned , and no complex characters . The only thing the viewer will get out of this movie is the need to take a long cleansing shower afterwards after having been exposed to the worst behavior humanity has to offer .
 this is a good movie and the dvd is in good condition but i dont like ordering movie that come in a jewel case instead of their original case , if their not in their own case the customer needs to be informed before ordering .
 Internal Affairs is nothing more than an early 90 's B Movie gone bad . Richard Gere may have had his worst performance in his career , and Andy Garcia definitely did.Why people are so drawn to this movie is beyond me . Maybe I missed something , but I do n't think so . Sex played a vital role in the movie , and to me , there was nothing steamy about it . It just sizzled right out.Gere and Garcia so obviously walked through their parts and they must have needed the money , because they were just jokes . Garcia was incredibly stiff . There was no emotion in his character until the end , and even then it was mild . Gere was awful as the `` villain '' . He 's obviously progressed immensely as an actor.The directing was just plain bad . It seemed the actors did n't know what to do for moments in the movie . There were awkward silences and pauses that were either put into the film on purpose for some insane reason or the actors had nothing better to do.Internal Affairs is a complete disaster with storybook qualities . Do n't waste your time with this mess . 2 Stars
 what a mess of a film.and how times has Richard Gere and countless other Actors done this Played out role ? Andy Garcia is pretty good in this film but the film on a whole is one big cliche.nothing worth watching more than once and that 's a bit of a reach.a Pure EGO Flick .
 This DVD would n't play at all . My husband was so happy to get it and so disappointed when it would n't play .
 I ordered this movie almost two years ago and still have not received it . I questioned amazon about this and was told they were having problems with the vendor . I checked on the order again and amazon does not even have a record of my order . I lost my 15 bucks to boot !! Buyer beware on this item !
 I remember this old drive in flick because Joe Namath was a favorite football player of mine combined with Ann Margarett so I had to see it . It was never a great film to begin with but this version I recieved seemed dark in contrast and edited for TV or something . In fact it was cut so bad that the film barely made sense , and it was a very weak story to begin with . Once Joe tells his gang buddies `` You do n't hit something as pretty as that . '' When we never see them hit anyone ??? I only got this film to collect some of the films of my youth but watching it now as a grown up makes me laugh at how easily impressed we were as youngsters . This is a `` Cheezy '' film with a capitol C. Top it off that when the CD arrived it was rattling inside the case and it was scartched all over , but somehow it still played without a problem . No more than i 'll be watching it I decided not to send it back .
 hi , this is the WORST quality dvd i have ever seen . dont waste any money on it . buy the vhs version i guess . i have that and its way better . stay away from this version of the dvd .
 I was very disappointed with the DVD . It looks like it was copied from a bad VHS tape . I remember seeing the movie at the theatre when it first came out and although it is n't a great movie it was still fun to watch at the time . I think there is a love scene missing between Joe and Ann also but I may be mistaken . If the DVD was better in quality my review would be much better .
 I really thought that with the demise of the video cassette , DVD `` S would offer a better quality transfer . It seems that companies are making copies of DVD `` S from videos . The quality of this product is horrendous . Faded colors , blurry at times and scaratches . It is not even worth the 10 bucks I shelled out to Amazon for it . The film is very 70 's with a sexy performance by Ann Margret . Buy it only for her performance and a great song she sings `` Today '' . Better yet rent it first ! This is worse than the average bootleg copy !
 I am very dissatisfied with this DVD . The quality is good , but this is not the complete version . There are several parts in the original that are not in the version I purchased . This is clearly not the entire movie . I am considering returning it .
 I 'm a fan of cheesy , low budget movies , but this TRULY is an unwatchable film . The transfer to DVD is one of the worst I have ever seen . Color is bleached out beyond belief , soundtrack is garbled , overall DVD quality is one of the worst I 've ever seen . Save your money , or you 'll regret this purchase , just like I have . It 's in my Goodwill pile .
 I always loved this picture . Joe is a great actor in my opinion . Ann has always been my favorite sex symbol . I am not sure why the quality of the picture is so poor . This was filmed in 1970 and it looks like a home move shot on 9 mm . If only someone could enhance this and find the missing scenes . There are a number of scenes that are cut from this film . It almost looks like the manufacturer set a video camera in front of a television and filmed an edited version . Many of the initial scenes are too dark to see .
 Stay away from this one ! the video transfer sucks , PLUS , it was edited so it lacks the nudity scene . Total play time is 84 min , not 90 or 94 as per their listing .
 I wish I had read the reviews before I bought this DVD . As it was , I saw this movie when it first came out at a local drive in , -LRB- an outdoor movie theatre , for you youngsters -RRB- , and enjoyed it . So when I saw it on DVD I jumped on it . That was a big mistake . The picture and sound quality are both terrible and the movie has been heavily edited . This is a definite rip off , stay away from it .
 The Galaxy Invader ought to come with complementary clothespins because this is one heaping pile of cinematic cow patty . I 'm sure there are lots of Dohlers out there who are as fine a folks as you could ever want to meet , but I personally fully intend to run away as fast as my legs can carry me the next time I see or hear that name again . This movie is just plum full of Dohlers - writer/director/editor Don Dohler had his hand in just about everything , and the three different Dohlers included in the cast are n't content to merely make fools of themselves in front of the camera either , choosing to dabble in cinematography and production coordinating -LRB- whatever that is -RRB- . I hope the guy who played the alien used a fake name - since he never appeared without his bargain binCreature From the Black Lagooncostume on , he alone of everyone associated with The Galaxy Invader might actually be able to hold his head up in public by now -LRB- the film dates back to 1985 -RRB- . Basically , you 've got this weird alien dude crashing his spaceship -LRB- which we never see hide nor hair of , incidentally -RRB- just outside the extremely rural town of Harleyville , Maryland - or , to put it bluntly , Hicksville , USA . The alien does some snooping around for no apparent reason , but he spends the vast majority of his time wandering around in the woods . That 's where Joe Montague -LRB- Richard Ruxton -RRB- finds him while he 's out chasing his twenty-five-year-old daughter with a shotgun because she wo n't stop seeing the son of the Hatfield to his McCoy . He shoots at the creature , knocks a giant ping pong ball off his suit , and scurries home with it , convinced it 's going to make him rich . Once local slimeball Frank Custor -LRB- Don Leifert -RRB- gets wind of it , he sells Joe on the idea of recruiting some local rednecks and going out to catch the `` green man '' himself . The end result of all this is far too much running around in the woods by everyone in this movie ; even Robert L. Lippert would be all pooped out after watching so much aimless walking and running.The alien is almost a secondary plot point , as most of the action centers around the permanently drunk , ripped-T-shirt-wearing , I-had-a-comb-but-lost-it-upteen-years-ago Joe Montague . The man does n't make a move without a Pabst Blue Ribbon can or liquor bottle in his hand , even though he spends half his time chasing the alien or members of his own family with a shotgun . You could pickle cucumbers in this guy 's sweat - that 's how sauced he is at all times . The really weird thing is that Joe sometimes sounds like he might be Jimmy Stewart 's long-lost -LRB- and hope he 's never found -RRB- brother . Not to be outdone , Frank Custor sounds like - actually , I do n't know exactly who or what Frank Custor sounds like , but if Green Acres ' Mr. Haney had been from Maryland , he would have been ole Frank . This movie also features a college professor and his former student trying to get to the alien before the hicks do - but these guys are so stiff and bland , you could iron shirts on their backs.I 'm giving the film two stars instead of one just because you ca n't help but be entertained by the sheer idiocy of the whole project . The script is beneath contempt ; the special effects are , uh , not very good ; the acting is just embarrassingly pathetic -LRB- no one in the entire cast could act like he was wet if you threw him in the ocean -RRB- ; and the ending is exceedingly lame . Worst of all , there 's not even one remotely attractive woman in the entire town of Harleyville , which probably explains why all of the men stay drunk 24 hours a day .
 They just do not build space ships the way they used to , so this one has to make a pit stop on earth . The occupant gets wrapped up in a local family squabble . More deadly than army tanks is a domestic squabble with rednecks -LRB- from Maryland -RRB- . In the tussle the local baddy and a floozy just may get bumped off.Will the visitor -LRB- green man from space , not to get mixed up with our local green man of garden pundits -RRB- get away?Or will Joe take a flying leap?Ether ways we will be intrigued with this look in to domestic co-dependency . This film was SHOT entirely on location in Maryland.Some where out there is a torn T-shirt that was the key prop and possible the best actor in the film . I wonder what it would bring in auction .
 Warning
 Bad acting , bad scripting , bad direction , bad editing , you name it ... This is nothing more than a low-budget home movie made by a bunch of amateurs and retards with room temprature I.Q.Don ' t waste your time . This is not the classic Sci-Fi/action thriller you missed in the 80 's .
 I love the show , & was thrilled to receive season 2 as a b ` day present , there 's no close-captioning ... & if that 's not enough , let 's throw in that discs 4 thru 6 are showing BLACK & WHITE -LRB- there 's nothing wrong with my tv -RRB- !!!!!!!!!!!! WTH ????? I do n't even live in the USA , this purchase was made while a relative was on vacation , so there 's absolutely no recourse for me ... BUMMER ! Quality control at it 's best !
 Once again an american tv show portrays that violence = islam . I 'm left to speculate at the credibility of the research done to portray islam and the people who follow it . I 'm actually quite disappointed in this episode .
 This is the first time I buy a DVD where there are no subtitles .
 Voodoo Moon -LRB- Kevin Van Hook , 2005 -RRB- Oh , why do I never learn ? I should check the directors on movies before I watch them . This is my fourth Kevin VanHook movie , and each time I subject myself to another one , I ask myself why in the world I would do such a stupid thing . VanHook is the American equivalent of Uwe Boll , but without the in-place settings Boll gets from the videogames he desecrates when making them into movies . Which , arguably , makes VanHook 's movies even stupider . And while Voodoo Moon is the best of the four VanHook movies I 've seen , it 's still an execrable mess of a movie that should never have seen the light of day.The movie centers around Cole -LRB- Resident Evil 's Eric Mabius -RRB- and his sister Heather -LRB- Charisma Carpenter of TV 's Buffy the Vampire Slayer -RRB- , the only survivors of the destruction of the town where they were born by a. . . warlock ? demon ? depends on which summary you read . In any case , the bad guy , Daniel -LRB- Rik Young of that really bad Beowulf adaptation -RRB- is still around , and Cole has been battling him over the ensuing twenty years while Heather has been growing up and trying to make her way as an artist . The final battle approaches , however , and Cole enlists Heather 's help , along with that of a number of other people he 's helped against Daniel over the years -- a cop -LRB- Jeffrey Combs -RRB- , a biker -LRB- John Amos -RRB- , a housewife -LRB- Jayne Heitmeyer -RRB- , a hotel owner -LRB- Dee Wallace -RRB- , and some others whose careers we never find out , in order to make sure Daniel stays put once and for all . In order to do that , they all need to convene on the ruins of the town where it all began -- which lay deserted until the county decided to make a reservoir out of it.I can usually find one aspect of a particularly bad movie that makes it worse than it would otherwise be , even when the movie did n't have any potential in the first place , and in the case of Voodoo Moon , it 's the acting . Mabius is flat as a board . Carpenter shows a good part of the reason why both Buffy and Angel were such terrible shows . Wallace sounds as if she 's on Xanax throughout the entire film . Combs , well , Combs has always been popular because he 's such a bad actor that he usually transcends that and achieves a kind of mentally-deficient brilliance , but not here -LRB- though he does provided some much-needed , if unintentional , comic relief -RRB- . The only half-decent actor here is Amos , and it seems as if VanHook was standing over his shoulder every time the camera was n't rolling giving him lessons in overacting.This is not to say that other aspects of the film are any better . The script is hideous , taking dribs and drabs from a number of other flicks that were overused even when they appeared in those other flicks . -LRB- Did we really need another ghostly chase through a New Orleans graveyard ? -RRB- VanHook 's direction is as uninspired as ever , though at least the subject matter is n't as tremendously stupid as it was in , for example , Slayers . The settings are stock , the events are stock , it 's all just derivative tripe . Avoid like the plague . *
 Having just spent the last 90 something minutes of my life watching Voodoo Moon , I have too many unanswered questions . The first and most important is `` Did the movie creators loose interest or run out of budget ? '' This is very much an unfinished work , a diamond in the rough that was never honed.After the first hour , I was ready to give Voodoo Moon a 4 or 5 star rating . The characters have potential , the plot was intricately woven , everyone had a role to play in this great fight against good and evil , and there were a hundred small subplot just waiting to be resolved . The villain even alluded to ` making ' the hero twenty years ago . Cool ! How did that happen I wondered eagerly . I was almost bouncing up and down in my seat when I heard about a really cool underwater ghost town . YAY ! This was going to be fun!Then ... Nothing . No subplots were tied up . The main plot is n't resolved . It is n't like they tie up a few loose ends then prepare you for a sequel - that 's not the feeling that you get here . No ones powers were explained , the big , build up fight took ten seconds , and the main ` boss ' villain was defeated in a silly , too easy way.If the movie had been developed more , polished more , it would have been great . As it is now , watch it only if you want to have some cool character ideas to play around with in your mind , because nothing will be fixed on screen.Bottom line , I ca n't recommend it in good conscience .
 If only the film considered religion seriouslyand developed characters beyond the superficialthis could have been a great horror film.There are very good effects and cinematography.There is action and humor and decent acting.The look and feel of the film were very goodand the plot was interesting.But when the Devil has at least as much respectfor the Holy Bible and the morals and theologyof the Christian religion as the exorcistand his friends , you have a problem.Camp is good and this film couldhave been very good camp.I wanted to like this movie more.The movie ended with our heroletting his sister drive the car.What a guy !
 I thought the cat , who ends up licking blood from a severed head , was a phenomenal extra . Her name is Daisy and she is completely underrated . I hope we see more of her in the future .
 First of all , Kevin Vanhook 's Voodoo Moon is a B movie . It is not meant to be great cinema . If you take it at that level its not really a bad film.Starring Eric Mabius and Charisma Carpenter as brother and sister , Cole and Heather , the last two survivors of a demonic massacre on their home town , the film attempts to portray the ultimate battle between good and evil . With that being said the film is like all good vs. evil battles except on a slightly to much lower budget . Vanhook is a hands on film maker and he has performed the task of writing , producing , editing and directing the film.The story while it has some plot holes is not really that bad . The concept is pretty good even if the execution is flawed by the lack of budget . The supporting cast is solid also . We have both John Amos and Dee Wallace in decent form . Less strong performances are given by Jeff Combes and Jayne Heitmayer as part of Cole 's team of zombie slayers.Religion is used effectively in the film and the key battle is more out of the Exorcist than a film like Blade . The zombies are simply there for the gore factor . The film plays more like Shaun of the Dead than Dawn of the Dead , even though both may be counted as sources of inspiration.With a higher budget this one could have been a contender instead of o straight to video release . The DVD includes two featurettes on the making of the film , three deleted and extended scenes , a photo gallery and a commentary by writer , producer , editor , director Vanhooks.Rent it for an evening of lite horror fun .
 It almost felt like I was watching some really bad highschool production made by kids and filmed using their mom 's camcorder . It is that low quality . The acting is very wooden at times and other times it seems overacted . The actors/characters in the movie dress like they raided a hot topic sale bind . It is a very sad and lame attempt at a gothic/vampire movie .
 `` Bloodwine '' has unattractive actresses , very poor acting , a nonsensical script that builds no suspense or dread , bottom of the barrel special effects , and no eroticism to speak of . Not much to like .
 good movie but it was not runnig right . it would run and stop run and stop.not a concent run .
 You can see she is a snot in her acting , not to mention the rumors about her attitude , I was so hoping she could be wonderwoman , but no , no one will work with her on that one ... not to mention no one would go to see it , right ?
 i love the movie which is why i tried to download it . but , no luck . i 'm not happy . not happy . bummer
 This movie is a complete waste of time . One of the worst movies ever made . Does not deserve a star .
 This a full-length feature film , shot in widescreen , meant for viewing in a theater environment . Now , I am expected to pay $ 10.00 - to sit on my ` PC chair ' for an hour and a half and watch this on a monitor ... SURELY someone jests !?! Why not release it retail ?!?
 Not as interesting as the reivew has said . Actually , I found it quite boring in some episodes . Sorry for the poor review .
 I am not sure , but I think the moviemakers of this movie took all the scene cuts they 'd made for the movie , threw them up into the air , then spliced them together as they picked them up and called that their movie.To try to figure out what was supposed to be happening , I tried looking up the artist in this so-called true story , and could find nothing about him . So , I did n't have a book to read , or even a magazine article , to see what his life was like . I 'd hoped if I knew a little something about him , I could make heads or tales of this movie.Therefore , I conclude that this movie if for those types of people who like to read intellectual jibberish and claim they ` understand ' it . Of the more than 4,500 movies in my collection , this one comes in near or even at the bottom in the editing category.There are way too many good movies out there to waste time on this one . If you want super-excellent movies also put out by Mongrel Media , watch ` Somersault ' or ` Eve & the Firehorses . '
 In a word : awful . The script was horrific . There was no character development to speak of . They never even say some of the character 's names . As a movie about the foster care system some parts were portrayed accurately , but other aspects were completely wrong .
 I bought this 1st season after reading so many pro-reviews . I have to say I ca n't agree . Fine acting , sure , but the last thing I want to see after another depressing day at work is a series that reminds us of all the religious hate in this world.Not one moment in this series did I ever smile , let alone laugh.Dark and depressing.I could n't help but feel like the show was trying to brainwash me into understanding why extremist muslims do what they do.This series , as well as it is acted , is anything BUT entertaining.It 's DEPRESSING.I wish I could get a refund not just for my money , but for my time watching it .
 This was so bad on the language that my 34 year old son MOM do not watch it , you will not like it .
 I watched this first episode out of curiosity because everyone is raving about Homeland and it won all the awards at the Emmy 's . However , I was n't that impressed and do n't care to find out what happens next .
 I did not realize that such explicit sexual scenes would be on this . Absolutely not for teenagers/families . I wish there was some kind of a rating system for this .
 This was a show I was really excited about watching and one that had a lot of potential . Unfortunately , it never really lived up to that potential . There was some good acting , particularly by Mandy Patinkin , playing the mentor of Claire Dames ' CIA officer . Any scene he was in was fun to watch , the way he interacted with the other characters . Damian Lewis also did a good job , but the underlying motivations for his character were far too shallow to explain his actions.I would say that the first two thirds of this show were solid four-star material , but regrettably things started going downhill and finally fell apart all together in the final three episodes as the heroine came apart at the seams -LRB- an effect that was more annoying than dramatic -RRB- and the producers took the easy way out . The final moments of the show hint at a Season 2 , but I wo n't be in any rush to watch it .
 I chose this rating because I was unable to view the programme as it could not be viewed in this area . Further , I had to pay customs duty of &#8364; 14.00 because it was sent from USA .
 your server did not function . I never saw the show yet I was billed . How can you charge foe something not received ?
 I thought that seeing the shows in sequence was very good as you did not lose the what was going on . I look forward to the next season . This is spy thriller that relates to possible real world situations .
 There is something wrong with the audio on this episode . The audio is messed up . There are 2 audio 's going on at the same time . You hear the actors speaking current , and then you also hear about a 2minute advance audio at the same time . VERY ANNOYING.Hope all episodes Amazon is offering is not of this quality .
 It was good until the last 30 minutes of the season and the DVD went bad so we missed the best part .
 I love Homeland ! however around the middle of the season on this dvd set , there were scratches
 I realize this series is a huge hit , and I watched it in large part because the male lead -LRB- Damian Lewis -RRB- did such a fabulous job in Band of Brothers , but I really could n't summon up any interest in either his or Claire Danes ' characters . Nor did I get why a Marine sergeant who has been turned by al Quaeda would be such an enormous security risk that half the CIA is on his case . -LRB- I 'm sure there 's a reason -- I think it 's that he wants to shoot the VP , but I 'm not sure , it was n't clear to me . -RRB- Understand that the problem may be mine and not the drama 's , but I did n't get more than halfway through episode 2 before throwing in the towel .
 This was a boring trailer I was surprised with it it should have had more that Should have been given .
 After reading all the positive reviews , I expected that this would be a series worth watching . Unfortunately , it was n't . Episodes move at a snails pace and there seems too little of interest to create any desire to continue and watch the next episode.The writing is weak and the program appears to have been created on a shoe-string budget . I gave up about half-way through the first season as I just did not want to waste any more time watching this program.The writers take an incredible leap from reality in order to fit each episode into a slot that appears to lead to a desired conclusion . Nothing that takes place in any of these episodes is believable and everything appears disjointed . Examples
 Very poor indeed . Claimed to have in stock as well as the 2 other items I required at time of purchase , took the money from my account , them claimed that none of the items were available . Would not recommend
 Tried to watch with adult children based on rating , however the explicit sex in the first four episode was incredibly inappropriate and unnecessary . Will not finish , and would not recommend to anyone .
 I was so disgusted with the vulgar language and nudity that it ruined for me an otherwise good sounding story . I watched 2 episodes and determined that I do n't want to hear the `` F '' word over and over and see nudity that adds nothing to the story . I was very disappointed , not with the story but , with the vulgarity . I would love to see this story made with a PG rating so that a family could watch it as it had an interesting storyline and could be a very interesting series . After watching just 2 episodes I destroyed this series .
 The storyline is interesting and the acting is adequate . However the graphic nudity , explicit sex , and filthy language made me feel like I was watching a porn movie . I had to turn it off halfway through the 2nd show . I could not recommend this show to anyone I actually cared about .
 What a disappointment that what was a potentially intriguing plot was so x rated . Why do so many private activities have to be included in this show ?! Not only that , it was very slow moving . Homeland is horrible .
 Why did you send me two discs of disc 3 ? Come on meow , you can do better than that . Fap
 Homeland 's portrayal of mental illness is abysmal at best , serving only to worsen the stigma it already holds within our culture . Over 25 % of Americans have at least one diagnosable mental illness , which is important to know . It 's the LEADING cause of disability in the US and Canada . Until our culture can accept this we 'll continue to see the media sensationalize mental illness , which is exactly what Homeland is doing . Why the audience seems to believe it does otherwise is a mystery to me . Mental illness is serious ; it 's not a farce .
 The Company &#34; FOX &#34; did it again , I can not see the Serie , because its BluRay Region &#34; A &#34; The next thing I do is , I will buy a regionfree Player , so I can f. . k back . I hate FOX !!!
 Turned it off , Ugly ! Offensive !! Do n't waste your time and money , not worth it . That is all i have to say .
 I do n't want to be reminded of what we , as a nation , do . The cast is excellent but do n't make it more palatable to me .
 Big fan of many HBO and AMC shows -LRB- Boardwalk Empire , Game of Thrones , Mad Men , Breaking Bad , etc -RRB- . Also avid reader of military/CIA thrillers . This showed seemed a perfect fit given the subject matter and positive reviews.Purchased season 1 from Amazon -LRB- always great -RRB- . This show is predictable , silly and just plain boring . Watched 5 episodes hoping it would get better . It did not . I do not know how this won so many awards . The acting is horrible and I have little sympathy for ANY character . Claire Danes ' portrayal of a crazy , off the rails CIA agent is difficult to watch . Damian Lewis is unbelievable from the start -LRB- not the fact that he is a terrorist -RRB- . He is &#34; over acting &#34; every scene and his dialect is not right . Turns out he is a British actor . Not that I have anything against British actors it is just poor casting for this role.Try to see an epsiode or two to see if this show is for you before you waste your money
 ` Homeland ' is the US version of an Israeli show `` Prisoners of War ' . I 'd heard so much about ` H ' that I bought it -- but then realized during episode 2 that it was a copy , , , except
 I had heard this series was similar to 24 , so I was excited to rent it and check it out . Hubby and I love spy , military type thrillers and this started off fantastic . Since there is no rating on this show , I assumed it was okay for TV viewing , but I was wrong . Please do not watch this with children in the room . My husband and I ended up watching the entire show due to the interesting premise , but by the end , we found we did n't like the main CIA character at all and the sex , nudity and language were enough to deter us from watching anymore in the series .
 The line on the box , &#34; From the producers of ' 24 ' &#34; says it all . This is a simplistic , ponderous , turgid , self-important parade of cliches . I got it because it was recommended for people who liked The Killing and other Nordic noir series , but it does n't come anywhere close to them in characterization , complexity or sophistication . Avoid .
 I never finished the series . While I know some others who really enjoyed this series , I found the main female character a distraction from the storyline . Her storyline was a little over the top and hard to relate to . Most people would have a hard time relating to her or her choices/actions . Her actions were over the top , but not in a good way . It was just too far-fetched for me -LRB- maybe because I 'm involved with Federal law enforcement and have a security clearance and boundries ? -RRB- Without giving something away that 's all I can really say about the series . I do , however , hope other people enjoy it . There is some entertainment value with the other actors in the series ; it just was n't for me .
 Let 's start with the preposterous . Oh , where to begin?Take the idea one . Brody goes home the same day he arrives stateside . Come on , now . Are we to accept that a Marine who miraculously survived eight years captive al quaeda wo n't actually be debriefed for weeks if not months in a secure environment while receiving medical care and deep psych-eval ? That Sgt. Brody would be fending off reporters in his front yard and freaking out in his closet mere days after release , well , that 's just too much to expect your viewers swallow . Especially when the guy looks like a zombie . Come on , people.And the signals . Sheesh ! What is he signalling while standing next to the VP ? `` have left captivity , standby for further orders ? '' `` I 'm the guy you have been waiting for '' ? `` Meet at HardRock Cafe at six '' ?? Duh!And what 's his hurry ? Active the very day he returns ? Give me a break !! It gets even worse , but that should be fair warning.Now for the dangerous.This show justifies and normalizes an American 's total loss of privacy in his own home . Brody , going potty , Brody mauling his wife , Brody having nightmares , yelling at his kids , experiencing deep psychological anguish -- ALL OF BRODY AND HIS FAMILY -- is on display , noted and analyzed . On display , noted and analyzed mind you , as the result the authorized escapade of a drug-addicted obsessive-compulsive with CIA clearance who also looks like a hot surfer chick.Make of this last point what you will , but take note
 This show deserves no awards . It is a uses porn to sell it . I bought it because Danes won an award . I want my money back .
 Heath Ledger in The Joker make-up would have been a more believable CIA agent involved in a top case . Clare Danes was great as a manic wild-eyed lunatic ... however , she was awful -LRB- the writing -RRB- as anything resembling a big time CIA agent . This overblown glob goes downhill early on , but the pace it achieves makes for a catastrophic plot crash at the end . We wo n't talk about the plot twist that defy brain cells .
 this type of entertainment shows the sad state of american entertainment . I realize its fiction but given the current state of the world it 's sad to make our soldiers into possible terrorists .
 I paid $ 42 for a brand new first season of Homeland -- in Blueray . Instead I just received a bunch of loose DVD 's . No DVD case -- and of course this is now NOT gift material -LRB- it was intended for christmas gift -RRB- . NOT what I wanted or expected , and I am seriously annoyed at Amazon and this seller . Will not buy from seller again .
 I bought this supposedly new . However , upon receiving the second and third Dvd were defective and the fourth one had commercials . I was forced to give one star otherwise I could n't write a review . Very dissatisfied .
 After Homeland won six Emmy 's , I felt that I needed to write a new review . I have no idea how this show got any awards or acclaim . It is bad . This is a Showtime drama , but it is produced by Fox 21 , a studio known for rehashing shows over and over again , complete with fluff and diluted episodes . This is just a bad show . I stopped watching after the free pilot episode came out last year , but bought the Blu-Ray in the hopes that the show would be better uncensored and complete . The first few episodes were actually decent , but over time , Claire Danes just got to me . She is a grating , annoying actress . She is not very convincing as a CIA analyst at all . She would never get hired as one , I 'm sorry . She is just not a very appealing leading woman for a show . Damien Lewis is the most generic , boring actor I 've ever seen . I do n't hate him , yet I do n't think he 's a great actor either . He never will be . It 's as simple as that . He is someone that should come cheap , as an actor . For this line of work , an actor needs to stand out ; he just ca n't . I watched until episode 8 or 9 , then just gave up . After watching some truly bizarre , random , filler episodes , and seeing ridiculous twists that I swear I predicted around the first or second episode , I turned off . The show just kept getting worse . This is a great show for kids or people that do n't watch much TV or get out much . If you are not any of those , skip the show . It 's ludicrous . I mean , the main character is away from his wife for 8 years , presumed dead , returns to his wife and does n't ever broach the notion of whether she saw anyone else , why she did n't remarry and whether she even wants or can be with him anymore . It felt like he just returned from a day of work . Really bad writing . His wife is a lousy actress , chosen more for her striking looks than realism.I hope a lot more people stop taking the Emmy 's seriously after trying Homeland out . The Emmy 's totally ignored The Wire and Oz for years , for crying out loud . I 'll give you three guesses as to what both shows had in common . For Homeland to get numerous acclaim , and for The Wire and Oz to not , raises serious questions . Skip this show , and thank me later .
 This should be rated R. I was not amused by graphic display of intercourse in first 5 minutes . I simply am not interested in how the government manipulates these things . I did n't buy this series and do not know where it came from . I 'll give you that we have some nasty enemies , but very few Muslims are involved .
 I think the first 7 episodes of Homeland are very good but after that it is not realistic that the wife of the imam comes to visit Carrie , behind the back of her husband , I think in real that never happens . The portrait of the imam is painted very idealistic , it promotes islam . For me I will look no further , overhere we have too much trouble with islam .
 I got this based on the fact I really like the show Life the man was in before which got canceled . This is just straight pornography 30 min in the first episode and that was too much for me I should have stopped after his wife was in the bed with his best friend but after I skipped past that I thought it would get better 2 sex scenes and at least 3 f words in 30 min something no one 's mind needs to see . Not just not for families not for adults either . I realize I should have done more checking before I got this movie and that was my fault . This is just a word of warning to anyone else out there that is concerned about what they let in their mind .
 I was too offended by the language and sex scenes . Storylines do n't need either of these to get a story point through . We used to have better writers and producers who could do that .
 If they would leave out the language and raunchy sex/nudity this would be an awesome show . I wish I did n't buy the whole season right off the bat .
 No Captioning ! This is 2012 ! How could you allow me to purchase a product without captaining?Also voices sound and lips were slightly off kilter !
 Too often the videos are not available ... Frustrating ... Maybe someone can explain why . Otherwise the show is great . But you need to get it from another source ...
 A Super series but the disc that arrived that was bought from Amazon is only useable on DVD machines in the US and Canada but not in Australia -LRB- something only found in the small print -RRB- Could n't watch a minute and left to sort out a return . Rip Off !
 This new series started on top , but with the nonsense last two episode : they killed it !!!! , I do n't like the series that I have to see the complete season to know whats going to happen at the end , but like 24 I made an exception ... Wrong decision ! It seems they are going to make a few seasons before to know a few things , my advice do n't buy it if you do n't want to lose your money and time , go for `` Person of interest '' or `` Hawaii Five - O '' . I wo n't be watching season 2 , i 'm totally disappointed .
 It is clear that the pill-popping , closet-psychotic CIA agent played by Ms. Danes buys in to the whole `` war on terror '' nonsense as if she were an avid Fox News fan -- as do her fellow cardboard-cutout spooks ; but it is not clear whether the object of her obsession is in fact a `` threat '' or whether we are being led down the merry path to some other reality , which may yet redeem the apparent shallow , propagandistic `` good guy vs. bad guy '' premise of this show . It is taken for granted , at least on the surface , that `` we were attacked '' on 9/11 by some entity other than our own CIA * , and that we are waging a `` righteous '' war against shadowy `` Abu Nazir '' - types who are deviously living among us , just waiting to open up a can of jihad on our a $ $ es . Of course , as Noam Chomsky and others have pointed out , our wars of aggression are crimes under international law and the primary reason `` Islamists '' oppose us is our very presence in their countries , not some garbage like `` they hate our freedoms '' . * For those who give a hoot about truth and reality , it should be noted that the recent much-ballyhooed -LRB- and highly questionable -RRB- killing of OBL -LRB- a.k.a. `` Abu Nazir '' -RRB- was some very sophisticated propaganda . OBL was NOT wanted by the FBI for anything to do with 9/11 -LRB- Google his FBI wanted poster -RRB- . As Col. Fletcher Prouty wrote in ` The Secret Team
 I admit I have been out of the weekly television viewing audience for a long time . Circumstances are that I have some time and desire for dull entertainment that does just that , entertains . But when did we become so complacent about pornography ? Is it so commonplace that it is needed to satisfy our senses ? I 'm not a prude , but I sure do n't need to see envy gesticulation , mammary gland , and hand stroke to get the idea of the scene . If this is what we need to feel entertained , we are in trouble . I bought the first season , watched the first four episodes to give it a chance but am deleting it from my iPad . I wo n't make this mistake again .
 Even the great performances , especially by Mandy Patinkin and the ever-amazing Claire Danes , do n't compensate for the rather mediocre scripts - mediocre as compared to something like The Wire or Breaking Bad . In particular , the reason for turning into a terrorist was weak , and ultimately unbelievable . Not enough chills , spills and revelations . Kind of disappointed with this series ; especially considering the hype surrounding it . Given up on Season 2 .
 I watched the first episode of season one . I love this kind of genre and I was looking forward to watching the series . But I 'm afraid it includes too much language , nudity and violence for my taste .
 The dvd ; s that were sent to me were for a different region so it would not play in the region that I live in
 I think the program is great , in fact so good that when we realized there were two Disc 3s instead of a Disc 2 , we were bereft . Now I have to return the three discs -LRB- at my own postage expense -RRB- and get a new set ... and likely pay postage on that too ??? Hmmmm ... . Something is not right .
 The whole premise of this series is nearly beyond imagination.A US marine that helps kill one of his buddies in Iraq ? Seriously , between the implausible story and Danes as a CIA agent , the whole thing is unbelievable.Probably nobody is watching .
 This is a sort-of manchurian candidate thing remade as a series and retrofit into the war on terrorism . The story is worthy of a 1950s sort of paranoia . And there is plenty of tinsel wrapped around the show to convince people that this is somehow a realistic look into the world of counter-terrorism . Its somewhat like 24 at a slower and less hysterical pace . They could have used the plot for another series of 24 if anyone had wanted one.The plot is silly and unrealistic . The scheme is too complicated to make any kind of sense . Dana Brody is one of the annoying characers I can remember in a long time.The series is so stuck in 2005 that we even have `` evil vice president '' running around . There is a minimum obligation in this sort of thing to at least keep it up to date.The evil arab behind it all seems to run and revise his elaborate plots in near real-time . Every time he gets near success , he comes up with an even more implausable plot to destroy America -LRB- tm -RRB- . But he is n't all bad because the US government killed his son.And best of all , the lead character is a mentally ill CIA agent on serious anti-psychotic drugs . Her mental illness solves one problem these shows usually have . Anytime she gets close to figuring things out , they can have her forget about it through the magic of selective amnesia . Better yet , mental illness gives them an all-purpose excuse anytime her behavior -LRB- or the plot -RRB- leaves reason behind . The way things are going , I would not be shocked if she became a terrorist for a season and then came to her senses after a coconut falls on her head.She is in many ways less any sort of character and more of a massive plot device with a built-in excuse for doing anything . I ca n't wait until she falls in love with Abu the terrorist in -LRB- lets say -RRB- season three . I bet she has about seven ex-husbands and 15 children that she does n't even remember because of her bipolar disorder.If you liked 24 , you will probably like this . But there is nothing deep or interesting in this . Its just an overheated melodrama about terrorists and americans gone crazy where the ultimate villian is still somehow Dick Cheney .
 I deleted this series after viewing the first episode . The nudity was not important to the storyline and the language seemed forced . I 've known former pow 's and they were still able to control their language .
 We had heard so much about Homeland we were thrilled when our Blu-ray edition arrived . We are fans of Lewis -LRB- Life TV series -RRB- and Claire Danes and watched every episode of the ` 24 ' . Unfortunately , this series is nothing like ` 24 ' . Minutes into the series the assault with gratuitous nudity began . The language is shocking at times . For example , a teenage daughter in mixed company with her family and guest uses the `` c -- '' word . A wife is basically raped by her husband in one episode and then later used as a live pinup while the husband masturbates in another episode . A woman standing topless being interviewed for a job is asked if she likes anal sex . The camera angle shows prolonged views of her breasts while she is interviewed about such things , then a close up of her panties while a main touches her crotch . The list could go on and on ... The pace seemed very slow - and not in the same universe as ` 24 ' . No argument with the acting - it is great . When all is said and done though , we just gave up after the 3rd episode.The onslaught of unnecessary nudity and prolonged visuals are clearly designed to push the envelope further than other cable shows .
 Wow what a disappointment . Just finished season 1 ... I ca n't believe anyone actually enjoyed this dreck.This show is like a watered-down , excruciatingly slow-paced , and far less realistic version of ' 24 ' . Not a single character is compelling or likeable . The producers of the show could n't even bother to get details right -LRB- like the rank , uniform , and haircut of the main Marine character -RRB- ? Given the positive reviews I guess it 's just me , but I would recommend avoiding this show like the plague unless you want a cure for insomnia .
 This show was very good until the writers decided to have Carrie 's bi-polar disorder discovered by her CIA bosses . That revelation gets her kicked out of the agency at the end of season 1 yet somehow she 's sent by those same CIA directors to the Middle East to get information from a woman on the agency 's behalf at the start of season 2 . Do the creators of this show really think the viewers are that stupid ? Maybe some people overlook that plot killer , but this is being called one of the best show 's on TV and the truth us it 's not even close to that . She also had numerous classified documents in her possession at her home and she gets in no trouble at all ? Need I go on ? How this show beat out Breaking Bad , Mad Men , or Boardwalk Empire in ANY Emmy category is pathetic . I ca n't believe I gave season 2 a try last night , but when the CIA came to her home to recruit her -LRB- not as a CIA agent -RRB- to go back and get info for them about an imminent attack , that was it , I had to turn it off . If anyone deserved to be nominated for an Emmy it was Mandy Patinkin , but as good as he was in all of season 1 it would have just been a nomination since both Aaron Paul and Giancarlo Esposito deserved to win for Breaking Bad -LRB- still the best show that 's currently on TV -RRB- . Hey writers , here 's an idea ... keep the disorder that once discovered kills the character 's believability going forward for the show 's finale -LRB- at least until the last few episodes -RRB- . That 's writing 101 .
 Honestly - there is a lot of sex and nudity ... only made it through 2.5 episodes when we realized it wasnt going to go away ... a lot of people recommended this to us - so we really didnt expect it ... it did seem to be a strong story line , so not certain why they had to put all the graphic -LRB- and it is pretty graphic -RRB- sex ... bummed about it ...
 I love the show but the best video quality I can get its poor . I have a superfast video connection but the best I can get it for like 380 . Which is not even standard definition in the old days . The video streaming does n't even compare to Hulu , Hulu plus , iTunes , Vudu , etc. .
 Claire Danes is great , but the series lacks any sense of excitement . None of the characters is sympathetic . I was hoping they would all die so this would end . More time is spent cutting hair than developing any sort of plausible plot line . To compare this to 24 is an insult to a wonderful show that , even at its worst , far surpassed the occasional moments of interest in this rubbish . The nudity does not spoil the show , it merely provides a break from the tedium . Save your money . No-one I know enjoyed this .
 I had never seen Homeland and a friend highly recommended I watch it . Since Season One was NOT available through my cable provider I purchased Season One on Amazon . Even though I bought a USED disc set -LRB- 4 discs in season 1 -RRB- the package arrived in a sealed cellophane wrapper . I had knee replacement surgery on 1/3/2013 and was going to be convalescing at home for several weeks -LRB- perfect time to watch 12 hours of programming ! -RRB- . I rapidly viewed the first 9 episodes on the first three discs and was EXTREMELY disappointed to find out that disc # 4 was BLANK !! EXTREMELY FRUSTRATING to put it mildly . The program was some of the best television programming I have ever seen , so I was completely disappointed to have an incomplete set of discs . I was going to lend it to friends and neighbors to watch , but it does n't do much good NOT to be able to finish the series .
 not a new cd , there was scribbling on the covers of all the cd ' s we were very unhappy because we thought we getting new cd 's
 I know this show was rated TV-MA , but this was closer to a NC17 rating . It has borderline soft-core porn , several frontal nudity shots per episode with several very graphic sex scenes . I wish I could have been warned . I have watched TV-MA before , but this show is really bad .
 The first few episodes were promising but the story line quickly falls apart with highly improbable , almost laughable situations with increasingly offensive language . One tires of the Carrie character who seems to dominate the story with her hysterical outbreaks that may be drug induced . If this series is to survive , better writers may have to be brought in .
 I was not expecting porn . The story line was intriguing up until the sex scene 5-7 minutes later . Wish there was a version option . I would have chosen the pg-13 , tragically a porn scene enhances the story somehow ??????
 Liked the Movie but the bad language was not necessary but of course I 'm from the generation that did n't have to use that kind of language to enjoy a good movie or any life in general . Too bad times have changed . No wonder the youth of America do n't know if their up or down . The examples they have to follow are terrible !
 I thought I would like this , but find after one episode that it troubled me too much . There is enough real violence in the world . Sorry I bought it .
 This show was recomended to me by a number of people , so I elected to download and watch it . I found it lacking in depth , entirely predictable and the acting generally weak .
 So we have not one , but two marines turned into arab wannabes AND a pyschotic basket case CIA officer that needs a constant pharmaceutical supply to function . Where is Roseanne ?
 I was never able to access this product despite 50 minutes of trying . comment by Amazon was to try another time . I should not be charged for this product . I do n't hate the video ; I never saw it !
 I like the idea and I the series , but it is very sexually explicit , with probably at least 5 full minutes of it in every episode . I am very very disappointed and think that it is very unfortunate and unnecessary ! A waste of my money and time . Thankfully , I paid only a few episodes .
 I ordered this DVD as New as a Christmas gift . When the DVD arrived , the whole thing appears to have been sitting in someones basement for years unopened . The outer casing is chipping and splitting in areas and there is dust and dirt under the stickers . Very disgusting . The actual packing box was undamaged . I should have just bought this locally instead of trying to save some extra money . Shame !
 This is the second time I 've tried purchasing content to stream through Amazon Instant , and the second time that it has n't worked . I 've complained to customer service and have not been able to get a refund . I 'm considering canceling my subscription to Prime because of the bad quality and poor customer service experience . I did not want to complain about Homeland as I really love the show , but I had no other option to voice my advice to all other customers - do not purchase content through Amazon Instant .
 We loved the series . But the quality of the picture was horrible . I paid extra to have the HD version downloaded but the picture was pixlated and of very poor quality . The TV is a brand new Hi Def LED and the internet speed is in excess of 25 megabits per second so I know neither was the issue . It was very frustrating to watch .
 It sounded great - we 're partial to the Marine Corp at our house . Bought the pilot and watched about 30 minutes of it ; counted at least 10 f-words and finally turned it off in disgust when the second sex scene started . Wasted my money ! jj Las Vegas
 This DVD formatting is terrible . This listing says there are three discs and there are four . And the formatting that advances from one episode to the next does n't work correctly so trying to be sure you are seeing all the episodes is a pain in the neck.The program is great . This DVD is the worst we have ever had .
 this drama has been abused by nudity , sex , soft porn . it is a waste of time and money . I could not watch without being embarassed
 Had sooo much potential until the full nudity and sexual content arose . We turned it off and deleted it from our library . - very disapointed ...
 It is too buggy and asks you to insert the first disc after you 've finished watching it . Do not buy the Blu-ray version .
 After reading all the positive reviews , I expected that this would be a series worth watching . Unfortunately , it was n't . I did not realize that such explicit sexual scenes would be on this and the language is shocking ! I will not recommend this show to anyone . Nudity , explicit sex , and filthy language.Very Disappointed !!!
 it 's a SOAP hooking you to keep watching even though it 's all about ` relationships - ugh ' with a very thin plot . and its anti-military , anti-CIA propaganda is not even subtle .
 I just watched 2/3 of season one . What have I learned so far ? America is a bad , bad country . Evil CIA . Evil military . Evil FBI . Evil Vice President . But terrorists are really great people who are just misunderstood . If only they had the chance to torture more Americans we 'd all realize just how great they are . Other than that inspiring message and lots of nudity there 's really nothing here .
 Can not believe the amount of nudity in this TV series . No thank you!My husband and I weree both offended by it . Too bad because we really like the main actor .
 Watching the first episode meant giving the producers a chance to insult me with a pile of cliches , stereotypes and telegraphed answers to what might have been questions that would keep the story interesting . This show piles implausibility on implausibility . What a waste of time .
 I had heard so many good things about this show , but after watching the first two episodes , I think I 'm done . It 's got an &#34; idiot plot &#34; -LRB- Siskel and Ebert 's old definition of a plot that only moves forward because characters act like idiots -RRB- , hackneyed dialogue , lots of ugly imagery , and so far , nothing much to recommend it . If someone can point me to better episodes , I 'll give them a try , since I made the mistake of buying the entire first season .
 Our review has nothing to do with the show itself , but the difficulty we have had in viewing it through Amazon . We purchased Season 1 of Homeland and have had great difficulty viewing it . It takes extremely long to load and we are unable to view it in HD , which we paid more for . It 's also very choppy and some nights it wo n't load at all . Our internet is working fine , as we are able to stream other services , such as Hulu and Netflix through our BlueRay without any issues . It is very frustrating and we can not find another way to contact Amazon so we are hoping someone will see our review and can help resolve this issue .
 Does not work with my Smart LG 55 &#34; HDTV . Acts like it is playing but there is no picture or sound . Netflix works thru the TVs WIFI . If you want to sell this stuff make sure it works first .
 Why oh why do I have to look at this hard faced actress in what appears seems to appear , every scene . When are we going to have a male actor to make this part more solid and believable . This series needed beefing up by not pampering to the female audience which is rampant throughout TV over the last twenty years .
 Homeland
 My own fault for contiuing to buy this . Starts well but then bogs down into repetion and awful writing and direction . Please save your money .
 Here 's a recurring red flag that I always ignore , to my detriment . When a piece of entertainment is described as a thriller , particularly like this one , a political thriller , and then all the reviews discuss primarily how it 's all about ` characters ' , their development , depth , etc , then I should always know the plot is either underdeveloped , written as they go with no direction , or is otherwise hackneyed.So in general , we should have known that this was not going to live up to our hopes.Here are a handful of the warning signs we should have spotted early on :1 . `` From the creators of 24 ! '' I know , right ? 24 was super stupid with thin plots stretched over 24 dragged out 40-minute blocks . Entertaining as hell for brief stretches until you realize they 're writing it on thr fly . Here they have a narrative arc , but it sure would have been much better as a 2 , 4 , even 6 hour block with a resolution .2 . Evil mastermind !
 This would be a very good series if there was not so much nudity and profanity . I watched a couple of the discs but could not continue because it was not enjoyable with all the bad stuff .
 We really liked the actor in this when he was on LIFE -LRB- which was discontinued on tv -RRB- but when we watched the first three episodes it was porn.They could not get through an episode without showing plenty of nudity.sorry , there should be some kind of warning at least .
 Fabulous pilot but I thought my $ 2.99 was paying for the entire season , not jus t one episode of streaming , and it keeps prompting me for another payment when I try to move on to the next episode . What 's with that ? Mighty expensive , Amazon prime . An rethinking my subscription
 If you want UNCUT ORIGINAL version , ALWAYS look for ORIGINAL LICENSED Production . NOT US Release . Its a foreign film , it should not be US version to begin with ~ ! HELLO !!!?? Why settle for LESS with US Version where they edit and cut so many excellent scenes especially with Jackie 's Fighting Scenes . And US Release ruins the speed and sound as well . I have been collecting Jackie Chan 's movies both HK and US Release Version for quite some time now . I found HK Version to be MUCH MORE in enjoyable , and HIGHER in Quality . American Market always like to `` Americanize '' and `` Control '' . Regional Code Regulation thing is one of the example to CONTROL the Market . Why not let everyone enjoy the same HK Original Release move the same way ENTIRE WORLD enjoys it ?? No one makes Hollywood American movies to `` French version '' or `` Chinese Version '' ~ ! This what Americans are doing ~ ! Well , enjoy the cheap `` American version '' then ~ ! LOL
 A horrible movie ! do n't even rent it.A ridiculous movie about a love sick teenage girl -LRB- well acted -RRB- who is after Jackie Chan . Chan plays very convicingly a man with no personality who used to be a fighter and is now a soft eco-dogooder tycoon with goofy friends/enemies . The only really interesting character is the short white guy hired to beat Jackie up . A total of two fight scenes 5 minutes each is all we get to see of him but he really is the star in this movie!I waited the whole movie for the gangsters but they never showed ... maybe Chan 's stunt guys were on stike or all still in the hospital from the last movie . If you do rent it I suggest a drinking game . Drink ... when the leading lady 's name is said ... Jackie 's friend tries to hurt him but not quite ... during the rocky scene ... afterwards sober up and watch Police Story to remind yourself why you are a Chan Fan .
 A successful , but lonely middle-aged businessman meets a poor , young , teenage waif -- will these two very different people find love ? Replace Bogart with Chan and Hepburn with Shu Qi and you might have `` Gorgeous '' , a kind of martial arts remake of `` Sabrina '' . From the opening scenes of dolphins playing beneath a starry , moonlit night to the inevitable storybook ending , this movie tries be dreamy and romantic , but somehow ends up being tired and lacking instead.Of course , the real reason to watch Jackie Chan is the fight scenes . And while the action is few and far between , there are a couple of nice ones.The two biggest and best scenes pit Our Hero against a smaller , seemingly puny opponent who turns out to be Mighty Mouse in disguise . The actor , Brad Allen , looks like a featherweight , but moves like a cheetah , providing some exciting physical dynamics against Chan.In the end , the real disappointment of this film is it 's overall conservatism . As one should expect from the aging Chan , there are a lot fewer dangerous stunt sequences , but unfortunately , the content and energy of the story never compensates.One final gripe , one of the better Hong Kong actors , Tony Leung , makes a very wasted cameo as a makeup artist.For those die hard Chan fans , this is an okay movie to add to your collection , but most others will want to rent before they buy .
 I say this because Jackie does n't usually do wired Kung-Fu and this movie utilized that . It also utilized the sped up frame rate to make the fighters appear more skilled . Now that being said , the martial artists really are quite skilled . They really are pretty quick . They really can do most of those moves . It had some OK though special effects assisted fights , but this movie was n't really about that . Jackie Chan was trying to break into `` real '' acting in this movie . I would n't buy it if you are trying to watch him fight , and if you buy it for the story ... well that 's your choice I guess .
 I love Jackie . I love Shu Qi . And other great actors in this movie . But the whole movie is a disaster . The one star is for the actors -LRB- and actresses -RRB- and the fight scenes .
 As a super fan of Jackie Chan and one who sees his movies over and over again I must say Gorgeous , was `` not good '' the plot is silly but most importantly a natural flow from one scene to another is missing . But if you are a collector , it 's worth having just for the FANTASTIC FIGHT scene with Brad Allen .
 A horrible movie ! do n't even rent it.A ridiculous movie about a love sick teenage girl -LRB- well acted -RRB- who is after Jackie Chan . Chan plays very convicingly a man with no personality who used to be a fighter and is now a soft eco-dogooder tycoon with goofy friends/enemies . The only really interesting character is the short white guy hired to beat Jackie up . A total of two fight scenes 5 minutes each is all we get to see of him but he really is the star in this movie!I waited the whole movie for the gangsters but they never showed ... maybe Chan 's stunt guys were on stike or all still in the hospital from the last movie . If you do rent it I suggest a drinking game . Drink ... when the leading lady 's name is said ... Jackie 's friend tries to hurt him but not quite ... during the rocky scene ... afterwards sober up and watch Police Story to remind yourself why you are a Chan Fan .
 Not your typical Jackie Chan flick , which is why the rating is not higher . There are some very funny scenes involving a gay character and the female lead . Also hilarious is the short guy chasing Jackie all over to fight him . I found the age difference between Jackie and his co-star to be disturbing . Jackie looks great for his age , but his young co-star plays a naive young woman , and she comes across even younger than she really is . Not that there are any real love scenes between them , but there is a kiss and all I could think was `` ICK . ''
 Simply put , this is the worst movie I have ever seen . Bad acting , bad script , bad action . Jackie Chan must have lost at Mah-jong , and owed some one a favour for acting in this movie .
 I purchased this DVD based on the other reviewers positive recomendations and I have to say , they are SO wrong . This has to the dumbest Jackie Chan movie ever . I have seen most of his movies and built up a respectable Jackie Chan movie collection and I only wish I had rented this movie first . Kudos to Brad Allen for his impressive moves , but if i ever meet him or Jackie in my life time , I will be asking one of them to refund my $ 20 . If you want to pick up a good Romance-Boxing movie , go out and buy ROCKY . You 've been warned .
 Who would actually go on a plane because , of some stupid message in a bottle ? The fighting was stupid too , who would waste time to pick out a pair of cheap gloves ? It 's english dubbed that means the people who can read the chineese script to translate it in english ca n't act for beans . I think Jackie Chan should leave little girls alone and fall in-love with someone his age . I like Jackie Chan and everything but , this movie was kinda wack .
 I am a huge Jackie Chan fan , but this movie was a huge disappointment . I know there are fans out there who think Jackie can do no wrong , but this film was a real stinker . I will let this slide since he has given us so much great and original work , but I am just praying that this is not a taste of things to come . I still have a bad taste in my mouth from this one .
 this is by far the worst Jackie Chan movie since the horrible fantasy mission force ! I ca n't believe I paid 5 dollars to rent this piece of ... ! IF YOU LIKE ACTION MOVIES , DO NOT RENT THIS ! IT HAS 2 GOOD ACTION SCENES AND THAT 'S IT!THIS MOVIE LICKS !
 The most boring Jackie Chen movie I have ever seen . Basically his movies have bad scripts but good actions . This one has less actions and a bad love story .
 This movie was a total waste of time and money . The acting was bad , the plot was stupid , the action scenes rare and not that amazing considering Jackie 's previous movies , and the dubbing was atrocious . They did n't even allow Jackie to do his own dubbing . Do not buy .
 As far as Chan 's movies go , this one ranks near the bottom of my list . The plot is nonsensical , and the dubbing certainly does n't help . If you 're looking for a Jackie Chan movie that you can actually enjoy on its own merits , then skip this one.However.This movie does have the distinction of having some of the greatest fight scenes I 've ever seen Jackie do . You will regret seeing the movie afterwards , but these scenes -LRB- almost -RRB- make up for the rest of this lackluster movie .
 Jackie Chan could make a successful love story for an American audience , NOT THIS ONE ! He plays a middle-aged , very boring , badly dubbed business man who falls for a flighty , yet beautiful ... child . Bu -LRB- the flighty kid -RRB- should be marrying her sweetheart but instead falls for the boring , badly dubbed clean freak with the stupid name , CN -LRB- ChaN -RRB- . I love Jackie Chan so I 'm glad to have this title in my collection but I 'd like to see him play a Chan role and find an energetic equal for a partner . -LRB- try less Pretty Woman , more Raiders of the Lost Ark -RRB-
 The world does not need a reminder on multiplying by 1 . That 's the on thing my students can actually do .
 Holly Molly , Count Yorga is in this ! I watched an entire scene before realising it was him . Sadly , Drac 's understudy appears in a scene of almost self-emoliating unhipness . He plays a DJ who gets his brains blown out all over a typewriter , despite the fact that his wimpy killer was not holding the gun with any great conviction and moving around a lot in a confined space . What with being a DJ and all , you 'd think he 'd be handy with his arms but he just sits there crying for his mummy . Get a back bone man , you 've got nothing to lose by having a go at the oleaginous creep . I mean he had trouble restraining a girl later on in the flick and you are sitting down too . So easy to grab his arm . Why am I wasting precious life rabbiting on about some old scene ? Well , unhipness on this scale can threaten our very existence . Call it a public service . Poor Robert Quarry . Sorry , I mean , crown prince of UNCOOL!The film 's title is not technically correct . There is a bit of flying before she actually does the dying . But ' A Kiss Before Flying And Then Dying ' is not so snappy on a marquee . People might think she got on a plane before dying . In which case , how did he kill her long distance ? You have to consider these things . Well , not you personally . Where was I ? Virginia Leith wears a clinging white top that is an outrageous come-on even for the fifties . There are enough vintage cars to make you nostalgic . Unless your name begins with C and ends in O and you smoke Cuban cigars . My God , that was laboured . This really is a slow sunday . Perfect for a nasty , tense pot boiler to break the nu . Hang on , I 'll look that up . Ennui .
 I love Robert Wagner and have been trying to obtain his videos of the series `` It takes a thief '' If you can locate these tapes for me I would gladly purchase them . Thank you .
 The sound is so blown out you ca n't understand a word.I turned mine all but off and still no help.Hey , fix it . Someone.that is all .
 Better be careful what you wish for . You just might get it . That is basically what comes to mind when watching this latest thriller designed and released for the pre-teen to teen set . The movie is not as horrible as people make it out to be , but it 's not great either . The biggest crime this movie makes is that there is a lot of potential here and it does n't achieve it . The plot , which we will get too in a minute , is actually not bad . There is potential in it for a genuinely scary and intriguing ride , but the finished film does n't pull it off . Most of the clues and twists are generic and you could probably figure it out long before the climax comes . The movie is about a new student named Owen -LRB- Julian Morris -RRB- , coming to Westlake Academy . A snooty prep school . He gets involved with Dodger -LRB- Lindy Booth -RRB- , and her group of friends . The group get bored and Lindy decides to play a prank on the whole student body . A recent murder has everyone shook up , so she creates a story that has the killer coming to their campus . She and Julian concoct the whole thing right down to who dies and in what order . Soon enough , the group of friends think their make believe killer , The Wolf , is on campus and knocking everyone off as they had devised . I have to give credit to the filmmakers for doing something a little different , but they were n't entirely successful . The movie is too short with everything happening so quickly that it never really builds any sense of terror or atmosphere . We do n't get to know the characters well enough . And speaking of characters , it would of been nice if they each had character instead of just being generic types from all other horror/slasher movies . The Wolf himself/herself is not seen much , and when they are , it does n't add up to much , giving no real tension or fear in the killer at all . An orange ski mask and a camouflage jacket is n't exactly going to strike fear into people 's hearts . The stalking factor was tame . There could be some fear and tension in getting evil messages , but the ones the killer gives on computers and text messages are so generic , and the filmmakers do n't do anything with mood or scary music to try to make something out of it . However , the movie looks good . It 's sharp looking and I like it 's features . The cast is n't bad . Lindy Booth is a redheaded fox with a lot of charm and presence . Julian Morris , with his `` aw shucks '' looks and british accent is a charming enough leading man . The others fare less well . Jared Padalecki , who honed his horror chops in `` House Of Wax '' and is currently on the WB 's `` Supernatural '' , is n't playing a character much different from others he 's played . Then there is Jon Bon Jovi . Interesting casting . He is n't bad , but you ca n't buy him as a teacher with his `` smart '' glasses on . I see him being serious and I 'm thinking about `` Living On A Prayer '' . Gary Cole , one of my favorites , was totally wasted . Why ? . There was a good movie here . Somewhere . I 'm sure of it . Too bad the finished product could n't of been as good as it most certainly could 've been .
 First of all ... I 've been waiting for a teen slasher for a few months now . And now , here was Cry_Wolf . I was thrilled and excited to see it . It suprised me when I wented to watch it at the movie theaters . I only saw six people in the theaters . Wow , this must be win an award . I sat down and I watched the movie.The beginning was the only scene that I liked . It had a girl running through the woods and she hides behind a tree ... the killer dials her on the cell phone , and then she is caught . Her fate lies on a cell phone . It failed.This movie is about a group -LRB- again -RRB- that plays a game that manipulates the other players . When they take their game to level two , they decide to play it on the whole school . Suddenly , a serial killer with a ski mask and a hunting knife , comes out and starts to play their little game . Now that 's when the bodycount begins.Yeah , the twist ending - that was idiotic . People might be `` blown away '' by the ending , but this is NOT impressive in anyway . It 's worth a watch though .
 I hate this movie so much . Im not gon na go and tell you what it 's about , just that the previews are false advertisement . This is not a horror movie , it 's not scary , and it sucks . There is some lame ass killings , but at the end it was all a prank , nobody died , except the teacher . Just by reading this , it 's like you seen the movie . No need in paying money or buying it when it comes to DVD .
 This movie is a cheesy version of an old slasher movie with no real twists , fairly predictable . Several students at a well to do private academy hear of a local murder and decide to invent a murderer for their school paper . Then all of a sudden , the murders start coming true . I got sick of this movie about 10 minutes into it with all of the IM and Text messaging that was occuring ... ooo so spooky . Just not like how they used to make slasher films . Do n't bother renting this , and I 'm sorry if you saw this in the theaters .
 I watched the movie with an open mind having heard nothing about it really.I thought the premise of Cry Wolf was interesting and had lots of potential in my opinion , but it became just having twists for the sake of having twists.The cast was ok , but not great either .
 who paid to see the unintended -LRB- equally horrible -RRB- pg-13 version.didnt you know the inferior pg-13 wasnt meant to be made ?!?!?!? not that this is anywhere near a good movie , the pg-13 kid friendly rating made it even worse.you people crack me up .99.9 % of ALL pg-13 '' horror '' movies are then released on dvd in a supposed better r/unrated version.yet people still hurry themselves to see these pg-13 yawnfests.no shortage of fools .
 For a horror movie , this was not actually a good one . It does have a twist ending , but the tagline well tell you it all . A group of students at Westlake Prepschool loves to lie to people , and they make a little game out of it . When the students hear about a girl getting murdered in the nearby woods , they make a game out of it , convincing that their is a serial killer is on the loose.Not much gore , but blood , but not much blood . The thing that annoyed me about this film was the use of technology . All of the friends , room mates , killer , teachers , use instant messagine , and that 's how they all die . A girl runs in the woods , and hides - she gets dialed by the killer , and she gets screwed as a bullet gets shot into her head . Real smart , she could 've called the police.This movie has a body count of 2 , people dying with a bullet . The ending was stupid , but smart in a lie-lie way . Movie is okay , could 've been better . There will be an unrated cut -LRB- I geuss ?! -RRB-
 I watched this movie for one reason . Jared Padalecki . He 's probably about the only good thing in this movie . I 've watched this movie twice , once with the commentary and I still have no clue what it 's about . It 's another one of those ` stupid people doing stupid things for stupid reasons ' slasher movies that seem so popular . I felt sorry for Gary Cole . Was he really that hard up for work to appear in this movie ? And it took me most of the movie to realize Jon Bon Jovi was in it.Save your money . If you 're a Jared Padalecki fan , it 's nice to have for your collection and at least he does n't die in this one .
 The trailers for this advertised a completely different movie ... this was one of the most stupid things i have ever seen ! What was Jared Padelecki of Supernatural thinking ?? He 's great on that show , but he had not much screen time here , probably for the best . You could have blinked and missed him if the rest of the cast had n't given me a headache . This is another low budget teen `` horror '' that turns out to be nothing at all - i 'm so sick of made-up horror movies ! Did i mention `` professor bon jovi '' ?? ahhh !!!
 WTF !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! catering to kids is killing the horror genre !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! but hollywood will make us pay for the better '' unrated '' version dvd in a few months !!!!!!!!!!! please form a single line
 this was terrible . I 'm not going to give away the end , but it was IDIOTIC . I wasted my money .
 Item not shipped from a us company , not compatible with blu ray players in the us , so not able to view thought I purchased from business in us
 This is defiantly is not horror movie AT ALL !!! Mystery/thriller category more like it for sure ... just bunch a teens with crappie acting ... I guess only company got some money from this flick is cell phones and AOL instant messenger . Looks like was a AD for those companies . . Lame and silly . . This remind me the movie made in 80S call `` April fool 's day '' , Such as this is remake from that movie look like!April fool 's day was soo much superior and scarier to this junk !! This one Just throw some computer and cell phones into this crap and made it silly and stupid & not scary !! ... . If u wants to really see a nice scary movie in this type scrip and gender ? Then try `` APRIL FOOL 'S DAY '' & something newer call `` Identity -LRB- 2003 -RRB- '' or `` DEAD MAN 'S CURVE '' these few titles is superior and much scarier and better scrip to this B.S !!! C
 Cry Wolf should probably never have been in the movies . It would 've made a good after school special though and that 's about it . Julian Morris and Lindy Booth play two students who create a serial killer as a prank . Things go bad when the killer becomes real and no one believes them because they have lied already . Supernatural fans may also want to see it for Jared Padalecki as Morris ' room-mate who is also in on the prank . The movie offers a lot of decent plot turns but most of them might annoy you , except the last one which is actually brilliant in a Usual Suspects rip-off sort of way .
 When a supposed horror film is rated PG-13 - the original rating of this film - you know that its a bad sign from the start . That 's only the beginning of the crapness of this blundering , stupid and uninvolving film which also strangely features Jon Bon Jovi in a rare acting role . The film centres around a group of school friends who love to play games with each other realising that someone is no longer playing fair or at all , for that matter . What ensues is a pointless , boring and ultimately unsatisfying ride which ends with what I can only assume was meant to be a twist ending . Do n't waste your time on this rubbish .
 I expected a gory slasher movie and what I got was a boring ... well , I do n't know what kind of movie they were trying to make her.The filmmakers thought bery highly of theirselfs and thought they were being clever with all the little twists and turns , but this psychological thiller has been done a million times before , and better.Also , Jon Bon Jovi sucks in this movie . If you get this as a gift , you 'd be better off using the DVD as a coaster for your cola or ice tea .
 This has got to be one of the most dissapointing movies that I have seen in some time ... yes I have seen some bad ones this year , but I am so dissapointed because due to some of the reviews that I had read on here prior to watching this movie , made the film out to have some promise of a good mystery ... well , this is not the case with this one ... first 45 minutes or so , was so boring , I was falling alseep ... only after this time , did it start to pick up ... confusing , boring , lacked luster in my opinion . Not one of my favorites , skip over this low budget `` wan na be '' horror / mystery movie .
 this is the lamer version of the 80 's piece of garbage , aptly titled , April Fools Day.no other decade had so much fun with holidays.anyway , this wasnt scary nor spine tingling.it was snore enducing.thats what i get for giving into cool posters........pg-13 strikes again !
 This is without a doubt the worst abortion of a `` horror '' movie I 've ever seen . The real horror is not dropping dead before the end of this swill.A bunch of teenagers with the IQ of a dead musk ox spend the whole movie playing jokes on each other via AOL . AOL should sue for even having it 's program shown in this movie.Hardly any killing , and a plot that is pure trash.The fact that Amazon is even selling this movie behooves me . Just the worst pile of garbage ever to be filmed .
 OBVIOUSLY the LAME @SSED PG-13 version was NOT the one the studio wanted to release.but in its greedy attempt to grab as much 13 y/o cash , why not.also , knowing that they can release a $ 20 + dvd version of what SHOULD HAVE BEEN IN THE THEATERS doesnt hurt.stevie wonder saw this coming.if you want a better telling of this piece of crap , rent that 80 's piece of crap '' Aprils Fools Day '' ... the title says it all.anyone who spends 1 penny on a pg-13 HORROR/THRILLER movie qualifies for fool of the year award .
 do n't be fooled this is not a slasher flick it 's not like SCREAM i was fooled , the cover may be appealing but it really does suck . The plot is just plain stupid , no kill scenes , not a horror movie more like a suspense.I saw the theatrical trailer in the theaters and you may think its a slasher but it 's not . If you like slashers this is not one . DO NOT BUY !
 This is another huge example of how the commercials on tv can be really misleading . Im sure that if you 've seen the Cry Wolf previews it looks like another one of those typical teen slasher films . Well after watching this film for myself I realized that I let the commercials get to me . I actually enjoy watching some of those repetitive teen slashers . So going into this movie thats what I expected . Now dont get me wrong , I was n't expecting the movie to be the greatest horror flick of all time . I just wanted to see something campy and fun , I mean who doesnt enjoy seeing a bunch of kids running scared and getting chopped up by a maniac in a mask ? But ladies and gentlemen do n't let the commercials fool you , because this movie is n't what it looks like.In the movie Cry Wolf a girl is murdered in cold blood off late at night in the woods . Then a group of teens who are fond of playing truth and lie games decide to do something extra fun . So they decide to play that same game with the entire school . Forwarding messages to all the students and teachers information about a serial killer by the name of Wolf . Once word spreads around the rumors , weird events begin to occur and the kids soon find out that the joke is getting way out of hand and that someone is trying to turn the joke into reality . Little by little each of the kids begin to point fingers , but its a question of who really is the wolf.Perhaps it was my fault for thinking this was actually going to be a good horror movie , when in fact this movie should n't even be called horror . I was just so attached to the plot and the cool commercials . I must abmit the first half of the film is actually pretty good . The whole `` sheep and wolf '' theme really fits in . Most of it is about the main characters pulling a prank and playing games with the entire school . The first half of the film is meant to build up the suspense for what is to come later on . Not to mention they had a pretty good story behind it all . But once the first half is finished the film just sinks down and ends up being nothing more than just a joke . There are moments in the film which kill the suspense and makes things not so suprising at all.I would get into more detail about it but I dont want to ruin anything incase you guys want to check it out for yourselves . But trust me this movie is just a mystery/thriller meant for todays generation of teenagers . This movie is nothing new at all , we 've seen this kind of stuff before and this film does nothing to make it better . After the first half of the movie everything just went to hell . This film isnt a slasher at all , do n't let the commercials fool you . Most of the acting in this movie is just awful . Even the so called serial killer is laughable , thats the saddest part of the whole thing.The biggest problem I had with this film was that it was just very predictable . I pretty much guessed the end result after watching the half of the movie , and I was right !!! It ended the way I imagined it . Theres also a small twist near the end which is meant to be so shocking . But trust me the twist is nothing suprising at all , lets just say you 'll see it coming . This film was just way too predictable . I really wanted it to be about a serial killer who goes around and kills Prep school kids , but oh well . This movie isnt what the commercials make it out to be.Overall Cry Wolf is just a predictable teen Suspense/Mystery . Its nothing new at all and with such a promising plot it could have been alot better . Cry Wolf was the exact opposite of what I was hoping it to be and it was just all too predictable . I walked into this hoping it would be another one of those fun teenage slasher flicks , but its not at all and it just falls short in almost every aspect . I didnt think the ending was all that great either , like I said before I saw it coming and it just wasnt exciting at all . But we all have our own different opinions and tastes so im sure that there are people out there who are going to enjoy it . If you are going to see it anyway I highly recommend to not expect so much .
 I remember seeing this trailer in the theater , and I remember whispering to my husband that we HAD to see this one . It looked so creepy ! Well , it did really poorly at the box office and did n't even get to play at many theaters . Still , I rented it right away when it first came out . Critics and I -LRB- and other Amazon reviewers for that matter -RRB- , do n't always see eye to eye . UGH !!! How I wished I would have listened !! This was so bad , so bad in fact I do n't even know where to start . The only part I liked was Jon Bon Jovi 's looks , ummm ... hot for teacher . Not even that could draw me in for a second viewing . Also , the volume in this dvd seemed really screwy . Maybe it was just mine but i had to turn it up super loud and even then it was hard to understand what they were saying at times . Just stay away !!!
 To keep it very simple , this movie is cheesy . It 's basically a teen movie , complete with corny teen movie soundtrack , about some high school students who pull a dangerous stunt on campus , attempting to convince their classmates that there is a killer lurking about.It 's just barely entertaining enough to hold your attention and keep you mildly amused . The story takes a few turns and ends no better than it begins , in the vein of `` twist ending '' suspense films . Cry wolf is neither scary nor gory - and there is certainly nothing `` Unrated '' about the movie or this DVD edition . No nudity , gore or cursing ... I do n't quite understand.This movie might be good for some amusement if you have nothing else to watch and need to kill some time . It 's not completely terrible , but there 's nothing that stands out about it , either .
 Cry Wolf is pretty much like any other slasher film that you may have seen in recent years . The plot is pretty simple , although somewhat original . A group of friends at a private high school decide to start a rumor of a serial killer on campus , as they try to trick all the other students into believing that a murder that happened near campus was really just the beginning of a serial killer 's work . The acting is simply terrible , but that 's ok , I did n't rent Cry Wolf for the acting . I even rented the `` unrated '' edition , and there was still absolutely no gore whatsoever , and that was what really disappointed me . The only thing left for a slasher movie to do that has n't been done before is kill the uninteresting main characters in a somewhat interesting way.The beginning of the film , where `` the game '' is set up , and the main character , Owen , gets to know all the participants is n't actually all that terrible . The beginning is the reason it gets two stars and not one , that and the fact that it did have me guessing to a certain extent as to how the mystery was going to be solved.Needless to say , this movie includes all of the classic stereotypes of a slasher film . So only rent this one if you know what you are getting into . For slasher/horror aficionados , it probably is n't that bad that you just see it to see it , but anyone else , this movie probably is n't for you .
 CRY_WOLF is not an absolute stinker , I must say , but on the other hand not near the likes of Scream , Nightmare or Halloween . The greatest problems are pace and acting , as the script is quite good . If only they had given dear Julian Morris some acting lessons , instead of Valium , I would have given it 3/5 . Rent it if you have nothing better to watch , but I wouldnt buy .
 `` Cry_Wolf '' is director Jeff Wadlow 's first film and it many ways it shows
 I saw this box on the shelf and thought it was a hardcore horror flick . Turns out it is a pop - teen kind of horror flick . I wo n't be fooled by those box covers anymore . The movie overall is not that bad , but if I knew what kind of vein it was in before I rented it I would n't have rented it . There are a few places in the movie and at the end credits where the soundtrack is this god-awful pop music crap that I hate and basically ruined the movie for me , I wanted to turn it off the second I heard that first pop song . -LRB- one song I believe is by Cake , who I loved with Fashion Nugget , but hated ever since -RRB- . The actual thriller music is good . Real good complex plot twists and a little bit of irony . There is a Ferris Bueller 's Day Off reference -LRB- try to find it -RRB- . Bon Jovi also stars in this movie and acts out one of his lyrics . I can honestly not recommend this to anyone over 19 , not under 19 , I mean OVER . I 'm 22 and I felt like an old man watching these crazy kids run around to their dag-blasted pop music . Another complaint , and my principal compaint , is the UNRATED added to the box cover of this movie . There is absolutely no nudity , very little gore , and not a substantial amount of cursing -LRB- I can honestly not recall any cursing from the movie , but maybe i 've become desensitized -RRB- , all of which are ingredients in a good horror movie .
 Just came back from seeing `` Cry Wolf '' , what a huge waste of time that was ! Midway thru the movie I was thinking that if I had rented this thing I would have been stopping it and watching something else . Jon Bon Jovi is in this mess , and that 's about the most interesting thing this has going for it . His acting leaves much to be desired however . The acting of the main cast members is pathetic as well . The greatest moment though comes at the end when Gary Cole speaks using a VERY poor English accent , it 's quite laughable . Oh , the plot of the movie . These spoiled rich high school kids decide to create a murderer on campus story to scare the other students . Surprise ! Killings begin afterwards . The end of the movie wraps up like a Scooby Doo mystery but is far less interesting . Just a huge waste of time . Save your money !!
 Cry Wolf has a somewhat interesting premise
 just another joke of a movie . nice try .
 man i saw this movie wen i slept ova my freinds house and i rented it on demad i dont even want to say wat happend cause its soo long and bad to make a long story sort if u buy this film u might as well throw 20 bucks in the trash
 when i watched it ... the film felt like it was a mystery trying to be a horror . throughout the movie the students shifted blame and kept asking who ... the ending of the film is horrible . the ending made the rest of the film rather pointless considering the identity of the `` killer '' and the motive behind it was rather insulting to the viewer . on a side note the acting was n't that great either . the main female with the red hair was very annoying and her acting seemed stiff .
 Admittedly , after reading so many horrible reviews for Cry Wolf , I was expecting to be disappointed . However , that was not the case . Oh sure , this movie will appeal to bubble gum popping teeny boppers but I think the plot had something going for it.I would have preferred if the kids were in college instead of high school but I guess it lends a more sinister tone to the end using high school kids.I would n't buy this movie but I 'd say it 's worth a rental .
 Save your sanity , time and money . Stay away from one .
 I went to go see this movie with some friends because we all thought the previews looked really good . This movie kept me somewhat interested but by the end it really screwed up.Basically a jealous girl wants to seek revenge and kill her lover -LRB- which is her professor , ew -RRB- . So , she sets up this one guy into thinking all these people are getting killed ... and you think and hope so too . But no , they are n't . In the end it explains how it was ALL fake ... how crappy ! And what a dissapointment ... If you 're wanting to see a `` slasher-horror movie '' , this is not it ! I think it would have been better if they all died .
 This movie is so stupid , dont see it , unless you want to waste your time and money . playing with grass is more fun . the only thing good was when the kid shot Jon Bon Jovi .
 this movie sucks really bad watch if you dare i found myself banging my head aganist the wall i watch days or are lives with my girlfriend and they had a killer marlena they killed but really didnt kill watch it for yourself lame really bad should not have put this out
 Im sry but this movie doesnt even deserve a star.Yeah it kept you on your feet but it doesnt have potential like a good horror movie.Plus you cant have a good horror movie if it is PG-13 . In order to have a good horror you have to have blood fly from bodies and see the blood come out of the mouth of the victimshere the remaining chokes of thier bodies . That is a good horror movie . . i know the unrated but it doesnt do much to be unrated . the so called killing parts did not even look that good . all i know is that do not waste 3-8 bucks to rent this . you can wait 2 years until it airs on regular tv . I give it one star because the so-called killers outfit looked pretty kool.this movie isnt good unless ur like 10 this is a good horror movie to start off if you have never seen one .
 Really bad movie . The creator of this film went overboard on the pretentiousness and there 's so little dialogue or action that you ca n't help but notice that there is nothing here .
 1hr 31 mins of suck ... heres another reason not to go to the theatres . . cute red headed girl though
 I really did not want to see this film , but decided to give it a chance . Well , I hated this film-hands down ! I could not relate to any of the characters in this film , so I did not care what happends to them . I guess I did not like this film mostly because it was so unbelivable . Spoilers!You mean to tell me that this whole thing was just a prank by bunch of college kids ? I know bunch of college students who loves to do pranks on friends , but I do n't know any of them would take things this far . In this movie , they were all supposed to be friends who cared about one another . But , when the Brittish guy starts to freak out , do n't you think that they would have all stopped picking on him ? When they all finally told another who emailed the Brittish guy , and who try to attack him , I thought that would be the end of it because the Brittish guy was getting very angry with them all for picking on him , but they continued on . When the girl chased him out of a car he was in , and she ran around with a big knife , a police stopped her and she confessed that she was just trying to tease him . She went to the president 's office and told her everything . Then , after all this , her friends continuelly tormented this Brithish guy ? They even said that he was almost expelled for this , but they continued with all this nonsense . The movie reminded of the movies Urban Legend and April Foolsday -LRB- with the girl with long braided hair -RRB- . This movie would have been great if you could relate to the characters and sympathize with them , and the story line made sense .
 If you are looking for another `` Halloween '' or `` Scream '' type slasher flick ... keep looking . `` Cry Wolf '' has more in common with teen flicks like `` Gossip '' or `` The Skulls '' . It 's a murder mystery with horror elements . The premise of `` Cry Wolf '' is pretty good , but I was disappointed because all of the marketing for the film makes it look like it will be a slasher movie . I 'm not sure why this is even unrated ? There is hardly any blood shed , no nudity and very little cursing . My guess is the film makers did n't want their movie lumped in with all the other PG-13 teen screamer movies that have come out lately , and are trying to use the `` unrated '' moniker to lure in the large horror film fan base . As far as being a murder mystery , at times `` Cry Wolf '' can be fun , but the countless twists and turns the movie takes gets tiresome and convoluted . I would say `` Cry Wolf '' would be a good rental , but it 's not something you would buy , as once you have seen it , you wo n't be going back for repeated viewings .
 At first it was the advertisements that gave me an encouragement to go see this film . So I did . These advertisements were completely false . It opens up with a young girl running from an unknown killer leading her to her death . Ok . . it does start off a little promising , but leading to scenery of bad acting , and useless dialogue . It was probably the worst movie I have seen this year . It doesnt even come close to a scary movie . I have noticed how people have said that horror does not need violence to entertain , which I totaly agree with . But for god sake , it needs something . This has nothing . With one of the most rediculous , rubbish endings I have ever seen in a long time . Stay away from this pile of garbage .
 I use the term `` horror '' lightly in this movie , since no one actually dies , that should have died . Basically , the plot is thin , like in most teen `` horror '' movies , in this one we have a mask killer with a knife , everyone suspects everyone else of being the killer , when really all there is in this movie , is a bunch of idiotic teenagers deciding to play a joke on the school , by making up a wild story of a killer called `` the wolf '' , and how he killed all these teens on Halloween.When in reality , there is no killer , their prank backfires , and an innocent man actually does get killed at the very end . -LRB- There is a slight twist at the very end , that I 'm not going to reveal -RRB- . Overall , I was bored halfway through the movie , and its not actually a horror movie , but more of a guessing game , mystery movie .
 At first it was the advertisements that gave me an encouragement to see this film . So I did . These advertisements were completely false . It opens up with a young girl running from an unknown killer leading her to her death . Ok . . it does start off a little promising , but leading to scenery of bad acting , and useless dialogue . It was probably the worst movie I have seen this year . It doesnt even come close to a scary movie . I have noticed how people have said that horror does not need violence to entertain , which I totaly agree with . But for god sake , it needs something . This has nothing . With one of the most rediculous , rubbish endings I have ever seen in a long time . Stay away from this pile of garbage .
 I am absolutely puzzled at all the good ratings this movie has garnered on this forum . I -- and the other three people who watched it with me -- felt this movie was complete hogwash and a total waste of time . The other three are still peeved at my insistence we watch it to the end ; so am I for that matter . My personal preference for stylish , atmospheric and nonlinear movies -LRB- what my friends would term `` boring '' -RRB- was not enough to sustain me through this piece of masturbatory , self-indulgent twaddle.From watching this , one might surmise that there would be a new Oscar category for `` Most Flashbacks Per Minute '' and Soderbergh wanted to be first in line for it . There was so little substance in this movie , one would have trouble stretching out the story for a five minute water cooler anecdote.The cut-ins from older movies starring Stamp and Fonda were interesting -LRB- but much less so than in something like `` Dead Men Do n't Wear Plaid '' -RRB- . Indeed , from these observations , it would seem natural to postulate the development of the script thusly : `` So , yeah , I was looking at these video clips from , like `` Easy Rider '' and some other 60 's movie with Terence Stamp , and I was thinking -LRB- * toke * -RRB- , that yeah , we could like take these clips and write the movie AROUND THEM . And we COULD do it , 'cause like Peter Fonda and Terence Stamp are still around . Dig ? '' `` Yeah , man , we just fill in some of the extra details and the movie practically writes itself ! -LRB- * pause * -RRB- Sorry , just had a flashback . Say , that gives me an idea
 This film is a classic example of a director peddling garbage and knowing that semi-intelligent people will see it as their obligation to love it . Like the painter who throws ink spots on a canvas , Sonderbergh hides his ineptitude behind incoherant styling . He must know that there are many low IQs who will rave simply to stroke their own egos . The morons who loved this film could not even begin to explain it and anyone who likes interesting movies will not even be able to sit through it all . A very detached , unemotional and uninteresting film . One that assumes the audience will pay to see a 2 hour MTV video -LRB- or high school student film -RRB- rather than a professionally made movie .
 Alright I am going to make this very quick . This movie is absolutly horrible . I normally dont take the time to write the reviews , but I had to let someone know . Although the actors and directors are both good they do not pull it off at all . The script is riduculus and the plot is a joke . Whatever you do never ever ever even think about this movie . I feel like the buck I spent renting it was the biggest waste of money ever . I would have had a much better time throwing the money in the trash . Oh yea the ending of this film horrible . Okay well there is one way someone could justify buying this movie - If they needed something to burn to keep warm at night . Actually as much as this movie bites I dont even think that would work ! If anyone agrees please write and say so . Movies like this should not be on the self - they should be in the trash.P.S . - Peter Fonda stains his Easy Rider legacy with this film
 Gee , let 's see the same flashback scene 20 times ! It is nice to see that Peter Fonda 's acting is as bad as ever . The last scenes were OK , but the build up was an hour of tedium .
 Cheap stereotyped revenge fantasy . How many times do we have to see this kind of nonsense ? Terry Stamp hams it up for Hollywood , right , Terry old son ? Peter Fonda falls into the same bracket . Forty years ago they charmed us with their youthful looks ; it went to their heads and they ceased acting . Do n't bother with this tosh , okay mate ?
 The Limey is about a man who travels to southern California to investigate the murder of his daughter . I just did n't see why the critics loved this movie . To me , it seemed like everyone involved was trying too hard to make it another Pulp Fiction . An uninteresting story line that did n't always make sense did n't help this any either .
 I watched this movie with my wife . She got up to take a shower 45min . into it . I think I should have joined her because this movie is not worth watching . The acting was bad , It proves anyone can read a line and stand around trying to look like they are in deep thought . The Dialog is boaring and trying at times . I would expect more from a high school film student . Half the film is rehashing flashbacks and flashforwards . The charicters are boaring and lifeless . The only interesting person in the movie is the 2-bit poolhall killer , and he was n't that interesting . In the end I 'd like to say I had very little feeling for any of the people or what they were doing . Fonda and Stamp could n't carry this film because they both ca n't act . I 'd give this a -5 stars but Amazon has no - -LRB- minus -RRB- rating .
 When many of the reviewers give a movie either 5 stars or 1 star one has to search for the truth . From my perspective there are alot of movie viewers who need to validate themselves by supporting a director who they think is in vogue without actually analyzing what they have just seen . There could not have been much money put into the actual film production . The music was boring and pointless . That Wilson would be fanatically concerned about his daughter 's death after not caring about her his entire life goes beyond believeability . That he could get Elaine -LRB- his daughter 's teacher -RRB- and Ed -LRB- his daughter 's acting friend -RRB- to risk their lives helping him goes beyond believeability . The flashbacks and scene breaks will give you a headache . The dialogue is boring and monotonous . The attempt to give this a Pulp Fiction-like feeling was an abyssmal failure . The only two actors that gave a good performance were Luiz Guzman and Stacey Katt . The redeeming theme relative to Jenny 's death should have been saved for another movie . The brief reference to George Clooney was gratuitious promotion in that the actor was in Soderbergh 's `` Out of Sight '' released one year previously . This movie is not `` Easy Rider , '' it is not a Charles Bronson film , it is not `` Dirty Harry , '' it is not Quentin Tarrantino 's `` Pulp Fiction , '' and it is not even Soderbergh 's `` Sex , Lies , & Videotape . '' Hopefully the motivation behind this movie was not to make a quick buck although I have my doubts . The movie is a mess !
 I had this movie on my recomendation list , so i walked to the rent shop to hire it . A complete waste of time and money . The story does n't take you in , the dialogs are so boring , not any fun at all , the acting is so piontless you do n't know what to do with the characters , and soderberg just drowns any moments of the story , where it could get interesting or thrilling in slow thoughtfull camera positions . if i would have seen this in the cinema , i would have fallen asleep or left before ending . Better forget about this movie and watch taxi driver instead .
 First of all , I should describe the circumstances surrounding my purchase of this DVD . As a big fan of `` Out Of Sight '' , and having read top-notch reviews of `` The Limey , '' it seemed like a great addition to my shopping basket , to spread the shipping costs a little thinner . Do n't fall into the same trap I did ! Watch this film before you buy the DVD . You might be surprised.Terence Stamp stars as Wilson , a cockney ex-con who travels to LA to discover the truth behind his daughter 's death . In true `` Columbo '' style , he quickly realised that Terry Valentine -LRB- Peter Fonda -RRB- , his daughter 's boyfriend , holds the answers . Stylistically , this is an interesting movie . The trademark Soderbergh non-linearity is present , to great effect , and Luis Guzman turns in a typically high quality performance as Wilson 's sidekick . A spooky score combines to give the movie a slightly disturbing quality that should make it a moody , stylish film.However , when will Soderbergh understand that just because someone has a cockney accent does n't mean that they have to rattle off rhyming slang all the time ? He patronises his fellow Americans terribly by having Wilson translate every phrase for the audience . It 's enough that Stamp uses a palpable London accent and obvious colloquialisms throughout the film , and that Guzman constantly comments that Wilson 's drawl as unintelligible . Need we endure further embarrassment ? As an Englishman myself , I can say that I have rarely seen a less convincing portrayal of one of my fellow countrymen , other than possibly Vinnie Jones 's character in `` Swordfish '' . Further , an example of the script 's flaws is that Wilson uses the phrase `` you wrote me '' on several occasions . An Englishman would say , `` you wrote TO me '' . Is Wilson is catering for the Americans with whom he is conversing , -LRB- in which case would n't he also realise that they would n't understand rhyming slang -RRB- ? Or is he exhibiting his character as a flawed and inconsistent one ? Another point is that he talks so slowly -LRB- why ? -RRB- that he sounds as if he suffered a 90 % lobotomy whilst at `` Her Majesty 's pleasure '' ! Rule One : Cockney slang is an eccentric tradition , and charming in its own way , but if it needs explaining in as much depth as Soderbergh does here then it 's not worth inclusion.Rule Two : Hire a leading man who can act.Rule Three : Hire some continuity staff that have some idea about dialectic issues across the globe.Unfortunately it looks like Soderbergh will fall into the same traps time and again , as is exhibited by the recent `` Ocean 's Eleven '' . Not content with having Don Cheadle among the cast , one of the coolest actors working today , he makes him English too . Thankfully Cheadle only explains his rhyming slang once , or I might have walked out of the theatre!Also unfortunately the story is incredibly boring . If this was a vanity project , then may I recommend that all mirrors in the near vicinity of the director 's trailer be removed on future films?Never write for an Englishman again Steven , it does n't wash .
 One could be forgiven for expecting great things of this movie . After all with Steven Soderbergh directing , the man behind OUT OF SIGHT , ERIN BROCKOVICH and TRAFFIC , you immediately imagine you are going to be watching another masterpiece from this hugely talented film maker . Sadly , THE LIMEY is a huge disappointment . Terence Stamp is excellent , and being a sucker for revenge movies I thought this would blow me away , but the film moves at such a sluggish pace and there seems to be no point to it . If you want a good revenge movie check out POINT BLANK . Vincent Price 's THEATER OF BLOOD is another good one , though in a completely different genre . But avoid THE LIMEY ...
 Well this ca n't be a complete review , as my wife and I turned off after just 3/4 of an hour - and that was forcing ourselves to go on ... What a terrible movie and not one I would recommend to anyone . Terrence Stamp is unable to provide expression , Peter Fonda seemed to be elsewhere in every scene and nothing holding the movie together.Don ' t buy it rent it - and you 'll still wish you had n't !
 One of the worst movies I have ever seen . Peter Fonda 's performance was horrible and so was the story . Tedious and boring .
 I was really disappointed with this movie . Terence Stamp seemedunable to maintain a cockney accent at the same time as putting anyexpression into his voice at all , Peter Fonda was effectively in cameo mode and the constant flashbacks , flash forwards and fantasy scenes were indecipherable from each other . Confused - you will be . The references to cockney rhyming slang were over played and simply unrealistic . When you start picking things like this up in a movie you know that it just is n't working . On the plus side some of the supporting cast turned in good performances and the key to events - revealed at the end - was sound . This however was not enough to save the film , just because a product is bad does not mean you can pretend it is artistic .
 Pretentious , badly acted -LRB- Stamp -RRB- , cringingly awful . The rhyming slang was laboured and unfunny . The premise of the film , although done to death before , was not the problem . The wooden delivery of Stamp and his awkwardness in the role made it virtually unwatchable . Horrendous .
 I watched the movie . It was OK , not the worst I have seen but really nothing to get excited about . There are other movies like `` Taken '' which is far better . If you have n't seen it , you are not missing something .
 Soderbergh 's movies are usually hit or miss for me . I love Out of Sight , Ocean 's 11 and of course , Traffic . However , Solaris and now , The Limey are misses for me . There are definite great parts about The Limey , such as Terence Stamp and even Fonda , but I just never really go into the story . I was convinced Stamp 's character wanted revenge , but the scenes that were supposed to convince me of his love for his daughter fell flat.Soderbergh 's signature style is definitely there though . As an early work of his , you can really see what he turned that style into later in his better works . The Limey is probably the first movie I did n't care for that I actually bought the soundtrack to , so there 's something !
 Almost all non-linear approaches of filmmaking have always been quite overated and some even deserved a cult following . Steven Soderbergh 's `` The Limey '' is one of those unfortunate cases when a director is so eager of turning pulp into art that he becomes completely lost in his own pedantry , but the film has its moments and it 's eloquent in its violence . With Terence Stamp as an ex-convict who just watched `` Get Carter '' , Peter Fonda and Lesley Ann Warren .
 but I just did n't like this movie . I am a fan of Soderburgh . . Traffic was a great movie , Erin Brokovich , Out of Sight , etc. . . but this movie just did n't do a whole lot for me . Honestly the best thing about this movie was the always wonderful Terrence Stamp . Peter Fonda was a joke , and the very underrated Luis Guzman was n't given enough to do.I wanted to like this film , but I could n't . My husband rented this from Netflix after reading an article stating this was one of the top ten movies for guys ... my husband is a man 's man ... and he did n't like this movie either.Nope , I think it tried to be too much , it wanted to be an action movie , why through in the convoluted storytelling . It wanted to be a film noir , why through in the cheesy actions sequences . Lots of fine actors , but this film is overrated . . period.Watch Momento for a better story , better directing , and better acting .
 This film plowed on with the same boorish tenacity as its main character . Basically it is a pseudo action movie that the director , in Dr. Frankenstein fashion , attempted to infuse with a brain . It would have been better without . I can sum the whole plot up in a few words
 `` The Limey '' , directed bu Steven Soderberg , and featuring Terence Stamp in the title role of the Cockney gangster out for blood in L.A. , is a revenge drama in a minor key . Stamp , whose dubious accent elicits the occasional snigger , plays a veteran London crook who arrives in America to avenge the mysterious death of his only daughter , which , he believes , occured at the hands of a wealthy entrepreneur . The plot is strictly production-line , with the odd ironic twist and risibly melodramatic performances . What partially redeems the film is the pace and skill of Soderberg 's direction
 I so much wanted to like The Limey and heard from numerous people that it was a great movie , so I picked it up and was disappointed . I like most of Steven Soderbergh 's other films , like the Ocean 's movies and Out of Sight , Contagion , and even Haywire , but The Limey just was n't what I thought it would be . Do n't get me wrong it 's not a horrible movie it just does n't entertain me much . It 's your basic thriller with a Father trying to get revenge for the death of his daughter . The reason I gave it 2 stars were for Terrence Stamp 's acting , which is impeccable and entertaining as always , and for the good parts , which there are n't many of . It just kind of lingers too long in Terrence Stamp 's head space sometimes and is just kind of hollow . I kind of felt invested in the movie when it started and up until Terrence Stamp killed a few guys , but after that the film goes on a steady decline with a few bumps of action and entertainment here and there . If you like Soderbergh 's films and have n't seen this one , rent it first before you buy it because you might not like it . Like I said it is n't a bad movie , it just did n't do what I wanted it to do .
 I had the impression this was an all new movie . In fact , the Lion of Sodor feature is one of 4 shorts . I thought it was going to be like Misty Island Rescue , which indeed was a full-length , one story adventure .
 I am not able to review the product I purchased because I never received it from seller dvdlegacy .
 I saw this movie because Jackie Long and Jason Weaver have been in movies I like such as Drumline , Idlewild , and ATL , with the both of them being in ATL together . I also wanted to see Mya in a bigger role as an actress and of the three movies I 've seen her in , this one is the one where she gets a lot more screen time compared to The Penthouse and The Heart Specialist . I figure hey sounds like it could be a good movie . Man how wrong I was ! It did n't open like a regular movie with a production company logo like the way most movies do . It just jumped right in there without a production company logo , as if it was the opening to an hour long TV show or something . Movies with the production company logo tend to transition better . This movie does n't have the logo to start , thus the horrible transition . This movie also has too many story lines in addition to the main plot . Now for the performances . Jackie Long was believable as Trey . Jason Weaver was ok as Vince , but my only complaint about him was the secondary story line about his date site and sock obsession . Clifton Powell was funny as Cinque the enlightening enforcer and the only other bright spot in this movie along with Jackie Long . Mya , as much as she is fine to look at , had horrible delivery with her lines . But her performance makes her look like Meryl Streep compared Melyssa Ford . Melyssa Ford ruined this movie and I did not feel bad for her character one bit . And her riveting lines screaming `` what about me ? '' and `` what about my feelings ? '' were cringe worthy . And the ending was anti-climatic the same way Nick & Norah 's Infinite Playlist was . This movie is so bad that they should change the title to Love Stinks , because this movie stinks !
 Oh my goodness !!! Where do I start?Well , the acting was way past poor . Mya was very see-through . She was a beginner and could not hide that.The script was terrible . It almost seemed like they were making things up as the film rolled along . It was predictable and from scene to scene boring.Don ' t waste your time or money .
 Here we have a woman that complains people think models are not smart , and have nothing bright to say.So ... she calls everyone `` dude '' in the entire film , cries all the time , and has nothing bright to say EVER.That 'll shut all those people up huh ?? LOLWithout the hours of make-up and artistry in the class of Rembrandt himself by the technicians , she looked more like a field hockey player than a model , so she 's making a ton of money on just a lucky break , and still finds life so hard ... so difficult ... so against her , that she has un-stoppable crying bouts all through the film . This in turn shows the worst case of acne I 've ever seen that makes her face look like a pepperoni pizza , as she says , and she 's exactly right.My point is that instead of being grateful she even has this job , over a billion girls that look as good , and most far better than she does , instead she 's sad , mad , ungrateful , and whines all through the piece.I hated the film but what do you want , her boyfriend made the piece because no one else would . The entire piece of junk is about HER , and all her tribulations being `` her '' , that anyone else would thank god for , and just fall down and be grateful . Another selfish , self centered , all about me girl , from her whipped b/f that caters to everything she wants.DON ' T WASTE YOUR TIME !!!
 Let me be blunt
 This is just plain bad . Do n't waste your time on this one . Watch Barney instead .
 I thought there might be a chance this movie would be amusing , if not slightly reasonable given the cast.I was wrong.There might be some spoilers here , and for this movie I use the word lightly , but be warned.The basic plot :1 -RRB- Crack team of commando type soldiers get assigned a special mission . Cuba us their leader .2 -RRB- An anthropologist , who works for the CIA , is the special 1-time leader . Their mission is to extract her father , who is another scientist type .3 -RRB- The go into a bunker , which used to be a tomb -LRB- 1,000 feet deep -RRB- . In the process , we learn that `` sand can blast your skin off , so stay tight '' . Because if you are close to one another , obviously sand * ca n't * blast your skin off ... for some reason .4 -RRB- The SAS type folks then find a person full of disease like boils . Of course , they treat the person and do n't think that this is odd . The person is a priest , still alive , who they do n't bother really containing .5 -RRB- Most of the SAS types go down a very fast moving elevator . 1 stays up . We learn that you can watch porn anywhere , as the 1 at the top level is keen to view porn . Later -LRB- by the way -RRB- he see 's a hot lady on the level -LRB- which they previously cleared -RRB- . So , we learn that SAS folks expect to find hot , naked ladies on levels of underground bunkers - which were previously found to have no hot naked ladies - and this is normal . Of course she eats him .6 -RRB- Back to our fearless heroes below . We learn that if you are SAS , and you see your unborn baby girl suddenly be a little girl while wondering the tombs underground corridors , you should follow her . It 's a great idea . Then we learn that if she turns into a demon , that 's reasonable -LRB- and she 's still ... cute ? -RRB- I suppose SAS deal with that daily . Then , if you hear her again , you should follow her again . Even after she tried to bite you last time . Then , as you * are * in a danger zone and on a mission , whilst hearing your demon baby calling down the halls , our fearless mother to be decides it 's a good time to suck on another woman 's disease boils while satisfying her lesbian curiosity . Okay .7 -RRB- The rest of the troop go wandering around , looking for the lead scientist . Whilst doing the wandering , we learn a few more things : a -RRB- That any other hallucination is something good , and should be followed , listened to , or otherwise obeyed.b -RRB- That demon 's do n't know how to use elevators . But they can discourse on philosophy , open doors , use radios , equipment , and basically anything else . Except elevators .8 -RRB- The above relates to some plot line where the demons -LRB- I think -RRB- want to get out of the tomb . But they ca n't . Even though it turns out there are * two * entrances/exits , and for 1 of them you * did n't * need to use the elevator . It 's a mystery why they ca n't get out . Maybe I missed something about them being impaired with elevator button pushing .9 -RRB- So they have the showdown with the major demon thing . Then , Cuba 's character , who does n't seem at all religious , get 's inspired by another character . When he touches her amulet , he instantly becomes infused with passion and deep spiritual belief he 's never had before , and suddenly becomes obsessed with a new calling in life . Cuba is now the religious demon hunter.One could go on and on with the silly plot holes . If any of this sounds ridiculous to you , that 's because it is . Really.Watch this movie if you get it free , do n't value your time -LRB- or are really sick , and laying on the couch in a fever -RRB- , or really want to laugh at how bad a movie can be .
 The only thing good about the movie is Cuba Gooding Jr. and some hot chicks , Henry Rollins is thrown in there as a Priest of all things -LRB- which Is like asking a Protestant to give you a Catholic History -RRB- . the plot has been done ad-verbatim in many other movies . it is long and boring , and Ron `` Ugly '' Perlman is there good choice.It even looks like a b-movie , I guess they owed Sean Connery 's Son a Favor .
 Absolutely the last time I watch a movie without checking out the reviews first , even if it is free . An hour and a half of my life lost , waiting for something of some value to come out of that hole of a movie - never happened . Vague notions of a plot , intermixed with dumb wandering soldiers , looking to die . Something about fallen angels , but they never could put that thought completely together . A complete waste of time .
 Not much to say . A stupid movie . The film is choppy , hard to make sense of with really , really bad acting . I hope Cuba received a decent paycheck because this was a total embarrassment . BnB Beatles Depot
 So you want to make a film about zombies , but the whole zombie thing is overblown . What do you do ? Make the zombies possessed humans instead ! Director Jason Connery takes the ickiest aspects of the Exorcist and projects them onto the zombie trope in Devil 's Tomb , complete with boils , blotched skin , white irises , and black vomit . These zombies are actually possessed priests sent to contain a Nephilim , which in a twist worthy of Chuck Missler , is portrayed as a Grey alien . That 's about the only innovative twist Devil 's Tomb has to offer.And really , why should we be surprised ? The warning signs are right there in the title
 A special military unit is sent on a secret mission to rescue a scientist who is apparently trapped in an underground lab . The elite soldiers are led by Mack -LRB- Cuba Gooding Jr. -RRB- , a capable soldier with a past . Of course , they are in for a nasty surprise . This is not a big secret . Check the film 's title - `` The Devil 's Tomb . '' What else do you need to know?Actually , the `` Resident Evil '' - like story begins promisingly . About 15 minutes in , however , the story just stops moving forward and bogs down in the clumsy narrative that is repetitious and disconnected , often interrupted by uninteresting flashbacks . The premise itself is not bad , I admit , though it has been done before countless times , and with more flare.In short , we need mystery , suspense , action , scare or something , anything . In `` The Devil 's Tomb , '' you have none . No scares , no tension , nothing . None of the actors look like specially trained soldiers . None of them seem really interested in what their characters are doing.Ray Winstone , Ron Pearlman and Bill Moseley appear as support , and the veteran actors ' performances are decent . Sadly , their roles are not big . As to Cuba Gooding Jr. he is not bad . `` The Devil 's Tomb '' marks the directorial debut of the actor Jason Connery , but he is not ready for the job . Perhaps someone like Paul W.S. Anderson would have made a better film out of the clich&eacute;d script .
 Truly a low point in the art of film making . I 'm not a fan of Cuba Gooding but I 'm saddened to see him in this piece of garbage . I 'd like to think that he at least made a decent wage from this but given the overall cheapness of the film I do n't see how they could have afforded to.When discussing what makes it so bad I 'd have to say the plot cliches are worse than the script or character cliches . The incredibly stupid actions of the military team members are an insult to the intelligence of all humans.I give the film one star for Cuba who did a respectable job of keeping a straight face while delivering such obviously flawed lines . There is nothing he could have possibly done to pull this film out of the hell-hole or bottomless pit that it resides in . I made the mistake of not knowing this was a straight to DVD release . I saw it on the shelf and said it could n't be too bad with both Cuba and the guy from Aliens 4 and City of Lost Children . I feel for them both .
 This movie is so bad . I could n't make it more than 40 minutes into it before I switched to Choke - MUCH better movie !
 ... Wow ... All these actors must be hard-up for cash because this movie by far is the biggest disgrace to everything hollywood . Acting was atrocious , storyline -LRB- plot -RRB- could have been good if it was handled by talent but it was n't , and all in all an amazing disappointment ! Do n't let the list of actors in this movie trick you ... it 's total garbage and all these actors -LRB- Cuba Gooding Jr , Ray Winstone , Ron Perlman and Henry Rollins -RRB- should be ashamed . Sean Connery 's son Jason Connery shows us that talent is not inherited and hopfully he never directs again .
 I knew within the first 90 seconds -LRB- near record -RRB- that this made for TV film was going to be a ff -LRB- fast forward -RRB- genre movie . The give-away - you ask ? A script that is 90 % pointless fake military jargon e.g. `` clear '' and lots and lots of swearing . It 's obvious that the script writers , actors and director have a psychological issue with how they 've spent their lives in Hollywood boutiques and are overcompensating by creating toughness the easiest way they know how - let 's talk tough . Besides the totally , totally unbelievable tough guy/woman acting was the single day rental fee for a helicopter and some industrial warehouse basement to provide the obligatory concrete passages and steam piping . The story was nothing more creative than the time worn plot of the military hiding an alien or devil or whatever . Finally , the prosthetic makeup infected skin and gunshots were so juvenile dumb - yawn .
 The Devil 's Tomb
 What happened to Cuba Gooding Jr ? He went from Oscar winner to starring in direct to DVD B-flicks like this , The Devil 's Tomb . Cuba plays Mack , the leader of a special forces team who is assigned to a mysterious underground facility to rescue a scientist -LRB- Ron Perlman -RRB- . As everyone soon begins to learn however , there 's something housed down there that should never have been found to begin with . The Devil 's Tomb does n't offer anything that we have n't seen plenty of times before , and while there are some decent gore effects and gross out moments , the film 's biggest flaw is its cliche script , and the fact that these supposed special forces operatives do some pretty dumb things . Cuba is as good as he can be , while Taryn Manning turns in a particularly terrible performance as the team 's doctor turned demon . Jason London , Zack Ward , and Henry Rollins are on board as well , as are genre stalwarts Perlman and Bill Moseley , and Ray Winstone in a cameo ; all three of whom are undoubtedly the best part of the film . All in all , The Devil 's Tomb offers little other than the actors that are in it , and other than that , there is n't much reason to catch it otherwise .
 I saw the trailer of this movie and it looked well done -LRB- I guess editing can do wonders -RRB- . But when I saw the movie , I ca n't believe Cuba Gooding signed up for this . I believe in casting the right actor to play the right character . Here , the casting is pretty bad . In every good military or war film , most actors undergo boot camp . Here , it 's just obvious that not one of them had any training , e.g. movement and handling of weapons . The only credible acting here is done by Gooding . But even Mr. `` show me the money '' ca n't carry an entire production gone bad . The rest are miscast . Any film which stars Ron Perelman as a scientist is bound to fail . I do n't think even the deleted scenes from `` Alien '' would be as bad as this movie . The characters are supposed to be members of an elite military covert unit . But they talk and appear to be unprofessional . Taryn Manning is supposed to be a doctor or a medic . But she carries a weapon . Stephanie Jacobsen is not believable as a soldier . She ca n't act the part . It 's just out of her range . I do n't think she can even play a Vietnamese villager in a Vietnam war film . Brandon Fobbs 's character is supposed to speak several languages but his accent is thuggish . Jason London 's character `` Hicks '' appears to be taken directly from Michael Biehn 's character in `` Aliens '' , `` Cpl. Dwayne Hicks '' . The helmets used for the flashback scenes are too small making the soldiers look funny . The blood and make-up are too red . Jason Connery should take some tips from Ridley Scott 's `` Black Hawk Down '' in shooting battle scenes . And what are priests doing under the Middle Eastern desert ? The demons look like leftover characters from `` Buffy '' or `` Angel '' . This DVD is a waste of time and money . The editing and lighting are bad as well . The worse part is the direction . I am guessing Jason Connery never went to film school . But then again , Quentin Tarantino did n't go either . I could have made a better movie than this . And I am not even a director .
 I 'm not sure what I expected but I can tell you that I ended up disliking this film . I like Cuba Gooding so I thought I would give this movie a chance . My advice is to not waste your time or money on this film .
 What a disappointment ! Cuba Gooding Jr. and Ron Perlman were obviously at the mercy of an inept director and a high school script writer . Ron Perlman 's involvement was much too short ; his talent 's were of course doomed to the same fate as Gooding 's . There was no logical flow from one scene to another with abrupt changes in camera angles which seemed totllay unrelated to what was happening at the time telling me their budget could n't afford a ` story board ' . Gooding 's character seemed lost and at no time was he under control of his ` team ' . I found it rather comical watching the members of his group searching in ` single file ' mind you , with their M16 's pointed at the back of each other 's heads and at no time checking their respective blind corners . The set was some where in some one 's dirty , uninteresting basement instead of the high tech facility I was expecting to see and the alien or evil angelical special effects were state of the art for the 1950 's . I could go on.Cuba Gooding is a wonderful actor especially with his roles in ` What Dreams May Come ' with Robin williams and ` Line Watch ' to name two . Were it not for his face on the DVD case I would have felt totally ripped off . But actors need to eat and care for their families as we all do so I was glad to help him with his mortgage payments .
 If I could give this movie zero stars , I would . Or even a negative rating . This is truly the WORST movie I have ever seen . The plot was idiotic , the acting was so-so , and the scenes were ... grotesque . Honestly , I felt like throwing up after watching some of it . Whenever I see it in stores or pawn shops , I hide it from view because I do n't think anyone should have to watch this complete crap !
 This is the kind of film that good actors would place on their ` films I 'd like to forget I was in during my early career ' vita . The sad part is that Cuba Gooding , Jr made this film after he won an Academy Award and acted in some very good films . But since 2001 , his vita contains nothing but one lousy B movie after another and ` The Devil 's Tomb ' is no exception . Cuba Gooding sleepwalks though this terrible film that is n't even up to SYFY Channel standards . Here is hoping that his role in George Lucas ' ` Red Tails ' brings him back to A-list standards .
 Once you get past the opening static and realize that 's the most coherent part of this movie you know you 're in for a rough ride . Fortunately , at only 90 minutes , it was relatively painless to sit through . I watched askance , thinking
 So here 's where actors and actresses who work as waiters and waitresses go . Most `` big name '' directors would tell these people `` keep your day job '' . For Special OPs people they ride in an old Huey -LRB- low budget could not afford a Black Hawk -RRB- . They use regular M4 's with only flashlite attachments . No lasers or special sights -LRB- cheap budget -RRB- . Cuba Gooding is pretty pathetic in this one . He shoots a `` zombie '' in the head , and one of his soldiers in another room asks `` what was that ? '' Soldiers who are used to gunfire asking what a shot was ? Franky G trying his worst to be a Jesse Ventura clone -LRB- a la Predator -RRB- comes off laughable . There 's one scene where one female soldier starts shooting at a `` vision '' of her daughter , then two of her buddies join in shooting at nothing ; emptying their mags in the process . - `` What were we shooting at ? '' exclaims one of the idiot soldiers . Uh-boy . Most of the scenes are laughable and amateurish . Forget this STINKER !
 This is a first for me , I agree with most my fellow reviewer 's for a change . Cast , setting , directing , effects were all just right for a damn good movie . Then came the story itself , we 've all seen so much better as others have mentioned in their reviews . This was a waste money and to think I looked everywhere for it before breaking down and buying it .
 A broadcast is sent out of a secret military bunker talking about , God , a project , and something going terribly wrong . After that , a military team is debriefed , told that they are going to get one scientist and nothing else , and sent to do their job . They then land in the middle of the desert , are told that they will either be back in six hours or get left behind , and then they go to work . When they get inside they find that things have gone worse than they thought , that taking nothing out means that they can only get the one survivor and nothing more , and that things are not simply `` government issued experiments '' going on.As far as the movie goes , I thought it would be a lot better . The names it boasted are good enough to keep a person interested and to say that they have star quality , but the script really feel short when it came to just about every aspect . From the corny names that the people have to the thing that is in the movie , everything drags and the movie preaches , spending more time asking what humans think of themselves in a cosmic aspect than actually kicking anything cool into gear . This means a lot of lagging , some of the same stuff , and a disappointing monster.Honestly , I was saddened here.Even if you like cheap movies or do n't mind badly done things because of specific actors , I would say `` caution , Will Robinson ! '' to watching this film . It disappoints and then some , and this is coming from a very tolerant person when it comes to cheaply-made monster flicks .
 There wasnt much advertised on this and when I read about it on UHM , -LSB- ... -RSB- I though Hmm , this looks pretty good . Good cast of actors , good description , this is worth a watch.Boy was I wrong . I barely got through this movie . Whats worse is the religious aspect that they throw at you toward the end . I wouldnt recommend this to anyone.This could have been a great movie , but alas another movie bites the dust , but if you must see it/own it Im sure it will be in the doller bin soon .
 Poor screenplay , bad dialogue , very shallow character development ; not even decent special effects . If you liked the movie Doom -LRB- which I doubt -RRB- , you MIGHT find this not a total waste of time -LRB- which I doubt even more -RRB- . Even watching this at 2 X speed was grueling . I found myself feeling sorry for the actors , wondering what they thought when they saw the final cut . Surely , Cuba Gooding , Jr et al deserved more than this !
 This video is a disappointment . The editors at MGM Home Entertainment decided to delete some scenes from this film . Specifically , some scenes featuring the lovely Tisa Chang are not on this DVD . When watching a film for free on TV , you expect some scenes to go missing to make room for commercials . But when you actually pay for a film , you expect to get the whole thing . Unfortunately this is not the case with MGM products.I remember watching this movie 30 + years ago and being enthralled by Ms Chang and her wonderfully-fitting slacks . I waited decades for this film to become available on video . What a disappointment to finally be able to get the video only to find that some of the most interesting scenes have been left out .
 I 'm guilty of the same mindset as so many others , and can we really blame ourselves ? That James Mitchum is the spitting-image of his father is not something one can dismiss and ignore ; it 's obvious and quite startling.Unfortunately , that comparison plays quite unfairly against him . Not only then , when he was attempting to become an actor , but today more than 40 years later . And the sad fact is
 U.S. Army General Douglas MacArthur is about to return to the Philippines as he promised before the Japanese ran him off . In 1944 , an amphibious Navy aircraft lands a Marine commando force near the island of Luzon , and they paddle ashore to obtain valuable information from a source deep within enemy territory . As First Sgt. Steve Corey , Hugh O'Brien of `` The Brass Legend '' is tough-as-nails , and Mickey Rooney is no slouch as career Gunnery Sgt. Ernest Wartell who totes around a .45 caliber Thompson submachine gun almost as big as he is . The youngest member of the unit is Private First Class James Grenier -LRB- Jim Mitchum of `` Moonrunners '' -RRB- who has never seen combat . It does n't take long for Sgt. Corey and Pfc. Grenier to get to dislike each other . Corey makes it clean in no uncertain terms that Grenier is supposed to cradle the radio set that is their life-line to Allied command . Indeed , Grenier is the member of the team is chosen at the last minute to fill in the regular guy . He provides the voice-over narration that introduces us to the commando team at the beginning of the film and concludes it at the end of the movie.Our grim-faced gyrene heroes in camouflage fatigues learn from their contact , Miyazaki -LRB- Tisa Chang of `` Year of the Dragon '' -RRB- that the Japanese have prepared an unusual minefield for the U.S. Navy . These mines are radio controlled and are anchored to the bottom of the bay . They are released and rise to the surface to blow up whatever they come into contact with . Grenier loses his radio with which he was entrusted . They have no way of contacting the Admiral Halsey 's task force and MacArthur plans to land in 48 hours ! Consequently , `` Ambush Bay '' is a thriller with a deadline . Instead , Corey and Grenier have to slip into the Japanese base , shoot their way into the radio control room and detonate the mines . Naturally , tough guy Corey keeps the enemy at bay with a 50 . caliber , tripod-mounted machine gun from the roof of the installation.Altogether , everybody dies except Grenier . Rooney has an amusing death scene . The Japanese find him sitting by a tree and threaten to kill him if he does n't ante up information about himself and his cronies . He produces two hand grenades and invites them to dinner . He tells them that he will share his `` potatoes '' with them and they can have them with `` the jackets on '' and then hurls them at the Japanese as they beat a quick retreat . `` Ambush Bay '' is nothing special as far as behind-enemy-lines combat movies go . Essentially , this is a traditional war movie . The Americans are good guys , and the Japanese -- who shoot women in cold blood -- are the bad guys . Good performances , standard-issue heroics and lots of green scenery keep `` Ambush Bay '' from being too dreary . Incidentally , no sooner do our heroes immerse themselves in combat than their officer is attacked by a Japanese soldier and stabbed to death . This is a traditional World War II movie because the Americans are n't trying to kill their leaders like they did in `` Tawara Beachhead '' or `` Attack . `` Composer Richard LaSalle 's orchestral soundtrack sounds as if he listened to Malcolm Arnold 's music `` The Bridge on the River Kwai '' because LaSalle incorporate a similar melody . No , I 'm not talking about Colonel Bogey 's march . Scenarists Marve Feinberg and Ib Melchior have penned a screenplay that amounts to an anthology of clich&eacute;s . `` Ambush Bay '' represents Feinberg 's only screenplay , while Melchior earned a reputation writing sci-fi films such as `` Robin Crusoe on Mars , '' `` Angry Red Planet , '' and `` Journey to the Seventh Planet . ''
 Lucky for me , I saw this movie on TV and did not waste my money on buying it . I my opinion , this is one of the worst WWII movies that I have ever seen . It would be a lot easier to list the good points of the movie however , there are none . Its a very bad `` B '' war movie ; the acting is really bad , blood looks like red paint , soldiers make stupid moves & of course get killed , the Japanese use American tanks , very bad music that plays in the background , etc. . Basically , it is a very cheap movie and it shows right from the beginning . I 'm not sure what movie was worse ; Ambush Bay or Anzio !! If you want to see good WWII movies , then watch
 Ambush Bay is not art . It is not entertainment . It is not even interesting . Ambush Bay is without a doubt one of the worst WWII movies ever produced . The best part of this movie is Robert Mitchum 's red cap , worn while he is in the Philippine jungle hiding from Japanese soldiers . Red cap ... . Why not wear universal orange?I 've seen the movie twice . Once with the sound on . It was awful . I watched it again , with the sound off . It was better this second time . It had the feel , without sound , of an ok comedy . With the sound it was pathetic.Don ' t both buying it . Spend your money on something more useful or entertaining .
 Lenny Bruce was at about the end of his rope when this performance was filmed . By that time , he appeared on stage with a court manuscript talking about all of the mistakes the peace officer made who wrote down his act and used his notes as evidence of Lenny 's obscenity . Bruce was ultimately found guilty on that evidence and this film was Bruce 's rebuttal to the verdict.Unfortunately , the performance is not funny . Funny is Lenny Live at Carnegie Hall , his albums and the `` Thank You Masked Man '' cartoon included on this DVD . If you are familiar with Bruce 's work before seeing this you will likely be filled with little more than just sadness at the sight of what years of legal problems did to a funny man.It 's a good historical document and if you want laughs , at least the cartoon is funny but you will find much better examples of Lenny Bruce the comic in all of his glory on his albums and the exhaustive box set `` Let The Buyer Beware ''
 As a die-hard fan of Lenny who was born after his death , I must warn those that in this he strictly just goes over his court problems and does n't do routines or bits .
 I 'm a big comedy fan and if it 's not funny then I know and this is n't funny . The jokes are corney and lame . Just do n't buy or rent this movie , trust me !
 I rented this movie because it had good reviews and the trailer seemed not bad . I watched for about half-hour and it did n't seem to be getting anywhere . Eventually I just got bored and decided not to watch .
 The only thing that happens in the first 45 minutes is that you learn to dislike everyone in the film . Jeff Daniels chooses to play Jeff Bridges ' Dude character from Big Lebowski . That in itself is amusing for a few minutes . There is no `` twist '' at the end . I 'd say its more of a thunk .
 this horrible movie almost put me to sleep , yes the acting is ok but it 's why it bomb at the box office , why all the great review 's is way beyond me , one of the most boring movies of all time ... a big yawn !
 OK , so how many people are we talking about that are allowed to drive on the freeway after severe head trauma ? Hey , I 'm not against handicapped parking and sidewalk ramps or anything , but I think I 've encountered a disproportionate number of these head cases on the highway and I 'm fed up . It 's bad enough that they drive like they 're leading a parade in the fast lane , but then they la-la along in the righthand lane when I 'm trying to merge or ride my bumper when we 're the only cars on the freeway , and then hoist up a finger in defiance when I cuss them out and bang on the dash like an irritated monkey . What a sad little man . You could call this `` Third Block From the Sun-Maid Prunes '' because it 's fruity as in dried plums , which lube up your desert-like colon and let the poo throo . And , yeah , let 's just let this pass , if you catch my whiff , I mean drift . But back to this driving thing
 The problem I have with this movie is it spends a long time developing charactors that have no impact on the plot . The overall premise of the film has potential , but you spend over an hour watching people interact with each other that have absolutely no bearing on the point . For example , the janitor 's family - why spend a 1/2 hour at Thanksgiving dinner with these unimportant cast members ? The stripper girlfriend of the main actor - she is introduced , developed , then never seen again after the bank heist . The blind roommate - why does this guy even exist ? He adds nothing to the plot , and despite his constant skeptisicm of the janitor 's new friends , he helps him in no way.This movie is a very basic tale of scheming burglars trying to capitalize on a simple-minded janitor . If they kept along those lines , this film could have been better . The director tries way too hard to make this a complex , intelligent thriller by developing cast members just for the sake of doing so . In reality , this is a 1/2 hour short story on HBO late night . I 'll give it 2 stars for being mildly entertaining .
 So this is a warning to anyone who likes this movie and has seen it before . There are two versions of this film on Blu-ray ! The one originally released back in 2007 with the silver swoosh running down the cover and the words `` Beyond High Definition '' in the bottom right corner is the one to get . This new one released by Echo Bridge has manipulated the aspect ratio of the movie so that there are no black bars on top or bottom ! Essentially they 've zoomed in on the image so you lose part of the picture on the right and left side of the screen . Do n't let the low price fool you ! This is a corrupted version of the film , and if you have any respect for the filmmakers ' intentions for the look of the movie you will not purchase this version ! Or , if you 're like me and find out once you watch it for the first time , I implore you to return it and send Echo Bridge a message that we will not support the altering of films ! Of course , if you have n't seen the movie before you would never notice the difference and this may not bother any of you ... Just a warning for those who care .
 Do n't buy this one , maybe this one cheap priceBut Aspect Ratio only have 1.66:1 , Studio
 So , I got this on a good deal as a ` blind-buy . ' Joseph Gordon-Levitt is a good actor . Sadly , this movie is really boring and predictable . It 's been done better a thousand times , I do n't understand Hollywood 's fascination with bank robberies .
 The Lookout is a great film noir - however this Echo Bridge Blu-Ray is presented in the wrong aspect ratio . The Lookout was shot using the widescreen 2:35 aspect ratio - This blu ray is presented in a cropped 1:78 aspect ratio . It also looks warmer and grainier . Stick with the first Miramax blu-ray and avoid this cheap rip-off .
 This is a B movie . It wasnt bad , but the one redeeming value of it was that Billie Piper was in it which is the reason I ordered it in the first place . That being said , I am satisfied with my order .
 Part Thirt13n Ghosts , part Candyman , Spirit Trap is a low-budget British production with an attractive cast in a broken down house . Five students - adorable Jenny -LRB- Billie Piper -RRB- , drug dealing Tom -LRB- Luke Mably -RRB- , his kinky girlfriend Adele -LRB- Emma Catherwood -RRB- , creepy Tina -LRB- Alsou -RRB- and also adorable Nick -LRB- Sam Troughton -RRB- - move into a creepy London mansion . It is dominated by a spirit clock that , once Nick repairs it , begins counting down the time to a mysterious spiritual conjunction . As the clock ticks closer to the final hour , weird things start happening - Ouija boards work , mobile phones stop , water and shadowy mobs run through rooms.As the creep-factor escalates , the various characters reveal their neuroses . Tom and Adele have a sadomasochistic relationship that ping-pongs from lust to hate . Jenny is the daughter of a spiritualist who `` killed herself '' -LRB- although we find out later that 's not quite accurate -RRB- . SPOILER TRAP
 This movie is a first for me ! ... ya see I have never been so bored during a horror movie , that I actually fell asleep . I kept waiting and waiting for something to happen and when it did , I did n't care at all ! This movie was SO bad , that I do n't think the actors were interested in it .
 BORING . Thats all i can say about this one . is just VERY boring . I got about 15 minutes in it , and took it out of my DVD player . DO NOT reccomend .
 like most of the other reviewers , i got this for billie piper . her acting in this movie was okay . the plot , being stuck in a haunted house and having some spirits haunt you and things going bump in the night , has been done a zillion times , and better . there really is n't much horror , or a lot of action . though ms piper is the main actress , i thought the supporting caste was average at best . the extra has caste interviews which was quite boring . all they did was pat each other on the back and had nothing but good things to say about their project . it takes place in romania , which you 'd never know since the whole focus of the movie is on this haunted house , that they all rented because it was close to college for them . very brief nudity -LRB- no , not billie -RRB- , and heavy drug usuage -LRB- no , not billie -RRB- is in the movie . rent , borrow or skip it , as you 'll probably only watch it once or twice .
 There is not even a fraction of a second of this film that is even remotely in the universe of being the slightest bit interesting ...
 As an Asian American guy born in America , I think I am as American as Apple Pie . Unfortunate , neither society or Asian American girls see me that way.For as long as I can remember I have been searching for my Asian America and after 23 years of searching . I have come to the conclusion that is there is no Asian America.If you are an Asian guy , this movie will despressed the hell out of you . I am not sexist and I do n't own Asian American women . They are their own people , but it sadden me that they feel no connection with their own people who have been marginalize in mainstream white american culture . White America has effective brainwashed a generation of Asian American girls and emasculate a generation of Asian American boys.Aren ' t we allow to fall in love ?
 This film calls itself an Asian American film but is really an Uncle Tom work that panders to a mostly non-Asian audience.To give you an example of how offensive this film is , the Asian father -LRB- the only Asian male character in this supposed Asian American movie -RRB- at one point stares into his own home from outside while all his Asian daughters are with their White trophies inside.This film is a poor man 's ` Joy Luck Club ' , which is another pandering self-hating work that celebrates Asian women who love their White Knights . To call this film an Asian American film is an insult .
 I am a consumer . If I am wanting to buy this set for some nostalgia , I want to experience AS IT WAS . Not with some revisionist glossed-over editing , regardless of what reasons it was done for . I do n't like my CD reissues remixed ... I do n't want my TV shows edited . It amounts to false advertising if there 's no mention made on the packaging and I think THAT should be confronted anytime it ever occurs.If they ca n't issue the show with the music -LRB- which is INTEGRAL to the show in setting the scenes in many cases -RRB- , it would be better to not do it . That would be like issuing `` Gone with the Wind '' with a CGI character replacing Clark Gable because the family would n't let the studio have rights to his `` image and likeness '' cheaply enough . Pish-tosh .
 Wow . After watching part of the DVD and hearing the incredibly lame soundtrack that 's been substituted for the hot-at-the-time songs used in the original airings , it must have been the music that made me a fan back then . It certainly was n't the lame acting and writing , which is much more evident without the original music that must have given the show some extra life and meaning . What a disappointment . It 's like meeting an old friend for lunch years later and finding out you really must have never had anything in common . Skip this one .
 I must of tried watching when everybody else decided to watch as well . Bandwidth was not up to speed . Checked my internet connection 18meg as usual . Might try again off peak hours .
 This is listed as the `` Complete first season '' . This is a blatant lie . There is noting `` complete '' about these DVDs . The episodes have been butchered.As many have noted , copyright madness lead to all of the music in the episodes -LRB- except for the theme song -RRB- being replaced . To be honest , I do n't remember the music in any of the original episodes , however it 's painfully obvious that the new music does n't belong in the episodes . It 's not even a question of whether the new songs are appropriate for any given scene . The replaced songs are too loud and almost completely drown out the sound effects during montage sequences . Other times , they do n't sound right when mixed with the dialog . Whatever process was used to force the new music into the episodes , it has all the subtlety of a sledgehammer.Then there are the missing scenes . Apparently these were made from the syndicated versions which were edited to allow for more commercial time , rather than the original Fox versions.After seeing what a crappy job they did , I 'd sooner buy a bootleg copy made from 20 + year old VHS tapes , than spend any money on this travesty .
 21 ? Nope ! This is like 15 Jumpstreet ... Only one start ... Release the real thing and then we can talk about buying something ...
 Beware ! Contrary to the description , there are no extras on this cheap , new edition . No interviews and no commentary by Peter DeLuise .
 I love this show , and the story was pretty much the after school saccharine special that I remembered it to be.It 's hard to believe that this DVD was released by a television studio ; if I did n't know better , I would swear it was released by some guy in Taiwan who burned the show onto DVD from the VHS tapes he 's recorded in his Mom 's basement . The transfer is horrible , looks just like it did years ago on a CRT television . Is it possible that they transferred the show to DVD directly from the VHS ? They also did a horrible job of editing . The commercial breaks are poorly done , cutting the shot too soon or sometimes not soon enough . Also , there is some language editing done . You can clearly see that the swear words the character 's mouth is making is not the same thing your ears hear.But the TV show ... it 's great . It 's everything that was wonderful about the 80s .
 I was very excited that they released 21 Jump Street on DVD . It was a launching point for many careers and provided entertaining moral lessons . So I go to play the first show and within the first 15-20 minutes I notice something . They redid the music . Maybe it was just a couple of songs . Nope , it was pretty much all of them . And it was done in such a way that it was obnoxious and often detracted from the stories . I had a VERY hard time watching the remainder of the season because the the remastering was done so poorly .21 Jump Street was that really cool hip show that had some of the latest music of the time . And whether it was record companies wanting to charge for using their music or someone deciding that the music needed to be less `` dated '' ... whatever the reason , they made a bad choice.I highly recommend that people rent this DVD before they buy it to make sure they are okay with it . I am not and will not purchase any more seasons until they put the original music/soundtracks back in.Later Gators !
 I just got the DVD for Christmas and just got done watching the first episode and it seemed like something was amiss -LRB- besides the music -RRB- . The last scene is missing the beginning AND the end . I have them all on tape off of syndication no less and the DVD version has been cut even more . I do n't understand this at all . It 's worth owning the DVD if you do n't have the shows on tape but if you have the tapes already , do n't waste your money , and do n't throw the tapes away !!! 5 stars for the show itself and 0 stars for the repackaging !
 21 Jump Street was and remains a wonderful series . I remember as a young boy gleefully watching almost ever one of these episodes on the Fox network . This show and the Simpsons made me fall in love with the Fox network , at the time , the joke of the network community . 21 Jump Street 's actors are all still around today , a testament to how well the acting was . The mature material made me feel like I was watching an important show , rather than mindless dribble . Few are more dissapointed with the problems with this DVD than I.Unfortunately , the music has been changed due to licensing roadblocks . As far as I am concerned , this is a dealbreaker plain and simple . Then there is the talk of the pilot being the wrong one . Why ? It makes you realize that whoever was in charge of this DVD release at Anchor Bay was n't a true 21 Jump Street Fan . Too bad.The rumors are going around that Miami Vice has succumbed to the same music licensing problems , another dealbreaker.I 'm so glad we can all report the truth about these DVD screw ups here at Amazon.com . I 'd give it zero stars if I could , as we are not getting the original material . Maybe Anchor Bay should have spent the money to get this right , b/c in the end , less people will buy this DVD as a result .
 21 Jump Street on DVD , like so many DVD releases of classic TV , gets a big FAT F FOR FAILURE . Like many fans , I settled down to watch this with some excitement and a sense of nostalgia . Instead of enjoying it , bit by bit , things started to bug me . Imagine my horror when I discovered that the pilot ISN `` T the original version but rather an edited version and the ORIGINAL MUSIC HAS BEEN REPLACED ON ALL THE EPISODES . And not so much as a disclaimer to be found anywhere on the packaging to acknowledge that fact ! BUYER BEWARE .
 This is sooooo not what i thought it was . I thought this was gon na be exactly like i saw it on tv so many years ago . I was watching this show since i was 10 yrs old and now im 28 . This show made me want to become a narc . lol . and now Nothing is even near how it was on tv . So many scenes were cut out . All the music is gone and replaced with nonsense . The music is what makes the show along with the stories and the actors . Im hearing all this stuff about music licensing . What gives ?!! If your a die hard fan like i am DO NOT BUY THIS . I had vhs tapes of all these episodes and when i saw the dvd was out i threw them all way . WHAT THE HECK DID I DO ??!! I wish i never threw them away . My tapes were the real deal . I wasted so much money on the first 3 seasons only to be disgusted . Save your money .
 I 'VE READ YOUR REVEIWS AND WO N'T BUY THIS DVD . I WANTED TO INTRODUCE MY GRAND-DAUGHTER -LSB- A DEPP FAN -RSB- TO THIS GREAT SERIES . BUT WHY BOTHER . NO U2 , ANALOG SOUND , CHOPPY CUTS . THANKS FOR SAVING ME TROUBLE BUT WHAT A HUGE DISAPOINTMENT !! IRISH GINNY
 A sleazy showcase of sadism , slapstick and sentimentality , this version of The Punisher is only marginally better than forgettable Dolph Lundgren version . Good performances from Rebecca Romijin , Ben Foster and John Travolta , and a cameo by Roy Scheider , do n't quite make up for the way the film turns slaughter into a joke by veering drunkenly from the subfusc to the ridiculous.Reviews I 've read suggest that the directors ' cut manages to explain away most of the plot holes , but I feel no urge at all to see it
 remember buying the Amazing Spider-man issue that first features the Punisher . I was never a die hard fan , but certainly thought he was cool . I wanted to like this movie and thought it would be one of the better Marvel Comic films ... I was wrong ! This movie was really bad and my 2 star rating is generous ! I do n't even know where to begin with what went wrong . They did not capture the dark , gritty essence of the comic book ! The movie was almost laughable ! I have not seen the director 's cut yet , but I really do n't think they can fix this one with some added scenes . If your a fan your gon na buy it any way , but I do n't think it 's worth the 1/2 inch space it takes on my DVD shelf !
 Ever seen a movie that just left you with a bad taste , that just thoroughly depressed you ? That 's how I feel having just watched `` The Punisher '' . G-R-I-M is the word to describe this movie . This would be OK if the revenge part of it was compelling , but unfortunately `` The Punisher '' fails in this area too.The movie never recovers from its first act , and specifically the scene where the title charatcer 's family is murdered . Not only is it an ugly scene to sit through , but it also mercilessly lingers on , as a truck chases and mowes over people pathetically trying to flee . After watching this , you want The Punisher to just destroy everyone that was involved . Unfortunately , this is where the movie fails big time.Most of the villains do get their inevitable comeuppances , but it 's not really satisfying . At least two of the villains ' ends are so pathetic that I just wanted to scream at the filmakers . The big mistake is having The Punisher exact is vengeance in a round-about way , by sowing seeds of suspicion between the villains and having them kill each other . This is somewhat interesting , but also very sloppily done , and unfortunately denies the audience what could have been some great action scenes . There is some action here , but not nearly enough , and at two hours the film seems to drag on forever.John Travolta is simply not captivating as the villain . I suppose his performance is adequate , but his character 's not nearly despicable enough . His worst action in the movie - killing The Punisher 's family - is not even directly ordered by him . To make it worse , he lets The Punisher manipulate him like a puppet , making him more pathetic than menacing.My final complaint is the movie 's tone . It 's all so grimy , dark , and depressing . Since the movie 's main plot fails to be captivating , this makes it a chore to sit through -LRB- in this way , the best comparison to a modern comic book movie is `` Daredevil '' -RRB- . The first two `` Batman '' films and the unfairly bashed `` Hulk '' movie may have been downbeat , but they were vibrant , colorful films with terrific action sequences . `` The Punisher '' takes place almost exclusively at night , and very few action sequences manage to raise the pulse , making the whole affair just downright depressing . `` The Punisher '' is not a bad movie - the acting is overall good , and there was definite potential - but it simply is not one I can recommend . If you 're looking for a good comic book movie , there are many better ones out there - the `` Spider-Man '' and `` X-Men '' films , `` Hulk '' , and `` Hellboy '' all come to mind .
 If this is the best that the Blu-ray people can come up with , then there is something terribly wrong with the way that this title has been `` remastered '' . It is hard to see the difference between standard definition and the supposedly high def version , and I would strongly suggest that you avoid this particular title . I was that disapointed that Amazon have refunded my purchase price . It is now going to be pot luck when titles are purchased as to whether you get your dollars worth . Compared to the Blu-ray version of `` Under Siege '' with Steven Segal which is superb , this one rates as about as low as you can go .
 The Punisher was disappointing for me as far as the story line . He says it is not about vengeance , but the result is the same . Of all the Avenger characters I can see why this one did not make the team . The action scenes were good . I wanted to like the guy . The scene that gets him started on his quest was more than a little much .
 I was excited about seeing this movie , for I like Tom Jane and I was excited to see John Travolta again as a bad guy -LRB- he did pretty good as a terrorist in a previous film -RRB- . But this movie had way too many questions to be able to enjoy it.For example , why did n't the cop friends of Castle get more involved with the whole thing ? We see them only in that one scene on some steps of a court house , and that was it . They are no where to be found , and that would never happen in real life . Second , why did Travolta 's men have such a hard time locating Castle ? With the way they found out where he was in Peurto Rico , they could have found out where he lived -LRB- in that weird apartment home -RRB- with the connections they had . He even came out as being alive -LRB- notice how little detail was spent on that -RRB- . And why did those kids just sit there like they did when the `` bad guys '' came looking for Castle , and also , would they had really just `` pulled off his piercings , '' and not even touch the real wimp -LRB- the fat one -RRB- and say , `` they must be telling the truth . '' It just did n't do it for me , and it seemed to just glorify the violence , rather then work on a real story here . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This Marvel production has one of the most disappointing scenes and story line I 've seen that were written by Marvel . Too many corny scenes that tend to make the story weak and unrealistic . How does a person who gets shot at least five times , gets blown up , and thrown in the ocean , still survive ?
 Nothing special about this . Good movie but does n't show the full movie like who sold out frank . If you saw it on Netflix , then this is exactly like that , just high definition . Never buying movies online again
 Lots of special effects do n't save this movie that follows a predictable story line that ends up being another edition of an old formula movie . It was exciting at times , but overall dull and boring . : - -RRB-
 This is one of my favorite movie 's however this blu-ray transfer is the worst I 've seen yet and I own over 40 blu-ray disc 's . First let me tell you I use a new Sony S3000 blu-ray player with a Sony XBR Bravia LCD and it is all properly calibrated so I do know what I see , having said that this picture quality is no better than the standard DVD release , maybe very very slightly more vibrant colors let me say again maybe slightly.After that there 's the audio there is no PCM uncompressed or TrueHD audio , only 5.1 EX its good but again the same audio as the standard dvd release.Now here 's the kicker its not the extented cut which adds about 20 min . to the movie and its a worthwhile 20min . adding a new sub plot to the movie.I rarely say go for the standard dvd release or in this case the extended cut dvd , actually I 've never said that but thats what I would suggest you do here , oh yeh its cheaper to .
 ... but not by much . Man I REALLY wanted to like this too , but it 's a dud.I want to start on a positive note , because it 's -LRB- at least -RRB- watchable . There is SOME good in here , it 's not ALL BAD . Thomas Jane , I felt , did a really good job portraying the main character . Come to think of it , I 'll just throw out a blanket statement that all the acting -LRB- overall -RRB- was adequate . The special effects , especially the car that was used as Frank Castle 's ride , was really creatively done and well executed . As I said before , this is watchable.Man there are a TON of issues though . Frustrating part is that EVERY PROBLEM I found with the movie was EXTREMELY FIXABLE . Let 's begin ... I had reservations about the movie 's South Florida location since it began filming . The way I always pictured the Punisher , I always thought of a very dark , gritty , urban setting . Bright , tropical , colorful Florida just never seemed to fit quite right to me . Unfortunately , I was right . To have Jane running around in the middle of the afternoon just looked odd . The Punisher just is n't the kind of character that would attack something in broad daylight , in the middle of the afternoon , on a crowded city street.There 's an issue in the beginning of the movie , after Castle 's family is slaughtered , where the timeline gets a little skewed . Once Frank returned to the mainland where he was staying , we have absolutely NO IDEA how much time had passed . Which reminds me , how exactly did that witch-doctor nurse Frank back to health ? Why even point that character out at all ? By all rights , Frank should have been on life-support after he was left for dead . Would n't it serve the movie more to just have him wash up on the beach and then taken to a hospital as a ` John Doe ' ? Seems to me it would have served the same purpose and helped explain his recovery a little better . I 'm not even going to mention asking where all of Castle 's scars went when he takes his shirt off . He should be littered with pock-marks and scars that just are n't there . That witch-doctor must really know his stuff ... There was CLEARLY a mole in the department that Frank Castle was working for . Why was this point never pursued ? Castle was CLEARLY sold-out by someone , and yet -LRB- even after his ridiculous `` I 'm still alive '' declaration -RRB- nobody ever readdresses the issue ? Speaking of which , why even make that speech in front of police headquarters ? Would n't that completely blow you 're element of surprise ? That moment raised about a dozen questions that the film never bothered to answer.I normally never notice this kind of thing , but THE SCORE WAS HORRIBLE . Every time Howard Saint 's character was on the screen , I swear they played the theme of Dr. Evil from the Austin Powers movies . For that matter , all the villains were nothing more then mobster card-board cut-outs . As far as the villains go , aside from Saint , they were all cartoons . The hit-man from Memphis and his musical interlude ? What was with that ? It did nothing to forward the plot at all . You could have completely cut him from the movie , maybe saved it for the DVD and lower the movie 's running time by about 15 minutes . The Russian also looked like a character out of a Street Fighter video game.As far as the action , Lion 's Gate was obviously pulling its punches . The Punisher is a BRUTAL CHARACTER ; it was almost comedic watching him meticulously setting up these elaborate traps for Saints goons to fall into . He 's supposed to be ` Rambo ' not ` The Count of Monte Cristo . ` It just seems to me that the idea of who this character is and what drives him was totally lost by the end of the movie . It 's better then the Dolph Lungren movie ; but they still have n't gotten it right either . Oh well , we still have Spiderman 2 to look forward to ...
 This movie made the Dolph Lundgren version look much more entertaining by comparision . The Punisher -LRB- 2004 -RRB- is slow , boring and has little to do with the comic book it 's based on . Thomas Jane is terrible , and has to mutter corny lines like `` Do you get paid by the murder or do you get a group rate ? '' Which makes no sense in the context of the scene . John Travolta is way over the top this time , more so than in `` Battlefield Earth '' . Jonathan Hensleigh a screenwriter-cum-director does n't know whether he 's directing camp or a serous drama and has a result the movie veers from one to the other in a jerky fashion . The fight scene are long , lame and boring . Rebecca Romin-Stamos is wasted . And the ending where Travolta 's fate is sealed is so ridiculous that many people in the theater laughed out loud.I 'm not sure what the DVD has on it for features , but it would pretty much have to come with a free copy of `` Hellboy '' for me to buy it .
 As `` The Punisher '' begins , Frank Castle is an undercover FBI agent who 's decided to quit the business and move to London to live a quiet life with his wife and young son . However , fate soon intervenes in the form of a powerful money launderer , the ironically named Howard Saint , who dispatches some hit men to wipe out Frank 's immediate and extended family as an act of revenge for the death of his own drug-dealing son in a sting operation in which Frank played a major part . Now it is Frank 's turn for vengeance , as he shakes off his grief and methodically plans the elimination of all those responsible for his tragedy . `` The Punisher '' brings absolutely nothing new or original to this tired old rehash of `` Death Wish , '' especially when compared to Quentin Tarantino 's fresh and stylish take on the subject in the recent `` Kill Bill '' films . Although some of Frank 's score-settling is clever and even mildly amusing at times , the film itself is overlong , derivative and very poorly acted , with Thomas Jane sleepwalking through the part of Frank and John Travolta looking like he 'd rather be anywhere else than doing his umpteenth version of a one-dimensional clench-jawed villain . The film also has more unpleasant scenes than one is accustomed to in run-of-the-mill action movies , starting with the cold-blooded murder of a terrified young boy.Come to think of it , from the audience ` s viewpoint , `` The Punisher '' is a pretty apt title for this movie .
 I have always loved the idea of the Punisher . A vigilante if you will , who will do what the law wo n't . That is why I have read the comics from the begining . The character was one we all could relate to because he was real . No superpowers , no tricks , no magic , just send a bullet to your head if your guilty . We all have at one time or another thought about revenge and making someone pay for what they have done wrong . It 's human nature.So we have here the background for a great action flick and look what happens.This movie was by far the worst comic rendition I have seen to date . It was flat , boring , pointless and really stupid . The story was lame and the action was almost pointless . If my family was murdered and I was almost killed I doubt that I would be so cunning in my revenge methods.You see the movie tried to show us how intellectually gifted the Punisher was . Point blank , who cares how smart he was ! Setting up all these elaborte schemes to pit all the persons responsible for his families murder was just stupid . Yet at times the movie would take a comic side bar -LRB- his neighbors -RRB- that would just dumb it down even more . One fight scene was so ridiculous I laughed at it -LRB- the apartment fight scene with the Russsian -RRB- . Yet they knocked the first Punisher movie starring Dolph Lundgren . That was a great rendition of the Punisher and was a academy award winner compared to this . Oh one more note , the I drink Jim Beam whiskey to replenish my health was really funny . Reminded me of a video game character or something -LRB- drink potion and get health back -RRB- really funny stuff !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! If I could have given this movie no stars I would ! A pointless , uninspiring , boring movie that should have never been made!Sidenote
 After placing an order for this DVD in middle of Novermber , i finally recieved it in the start of Feb with an amazed expression after finding this is not what i ordered at all . All that was recieved was the extended film on a DVD but without all other features to the DVD release such as the removable comic book , special removable skull dvd case and actual correct dvd container . Instead i recieved a CHEAP ripped dvd printed on a recycled dvd case !!!!!!!!!!!! And all i can say is this seller is not what he seems and amazon has done a terrible job !
 I 'm so sick and tired of buying blu ray movies that do n't have HD sound . The picture is fantastic but the sound is still in a compressed format of either Dolby or DTS . Why should we pay more money for blu ray dvd 's that are not in uncompressed sound . This is a scam by the movie industry like Paramount studios . Recycle older movies with blu ray picture quality but keep the same audio format as the original dvd format . More profit for the greedy movie studios ! Note to Amazon Please list audio format in description -LRB- Dolby HD , DTS HD or PCM -RRB-
 The Good - The fight with the russian , Frank Castles neighbors are straight from a comic storyline , Tom Jane does a good job portraying the Punisher charactor and it was nice to see Roy Schieder working again even though his appearance was brief.The Bad - The origin took to long to establish the charactors motivation and get action rolling . Speaking of action , I did n't think there was enough of it -LRB- the exception being the fight with the russian . -RRB- Explosions from a remote control establish the Punisher as a thinking hero , but for me were not as visually saticfying as good ol' kung fu or an over the top gun fight . Oh yeah , he also lit a fire that forms the image of the Punisher logo.I went to see this in the Theatre -LRB- I am a fan of the Punisher comic -RRB- with a group of friends and the general concensus was that the part of the group completely unfamiliar with the charactor really liked it -LRB- chics included -RRB- and the Punisher fans did n't think it was violent enough . I thought alot of the other reviewers rated this movie way to high , but keep in mind , my review of this movie is in the minority . Personally I liked the Dolph Lundgren movie more . The first Punisher -LRB- straight to video just like Citizen Kane ! -RRB- was cheesy , yet the action moved so fast you did n't have to think about the script.I would like to see a sequel because I did like Tom Janes focused portrayal of Frank Castle . A sequal would have the origin out of the way and could right into some good old fashioned senseless violence .
 The 2004 Punisher : poor acting , poor dialogue , poor action , poor script , predictable plot , poor characterization , terrible soundtrack . Closer to the old 1960 's live-action Batman TV show than to a statement on vigilantism.Watch `` Man on Fire '' instead . It scores aces on the above . Denzel Washington 's vigilante is a real Punisher .
 The image has a soft grain throughout . This disc is put out by Lionsgate and they did n't put an uncompressed PCM sound track on it ; so the sound is the same as the DVD . Both of the Lionsgate Blu-Ray discs I have -LRB- this and Terminator 2 -RRB- have a stutter when the image pans like frames are being dropped ! I 've told Samsung -LRB- I have a BD-P1000 -RRB- and they are looking into it . I have not seen the problem with any of my Sony discs . I see no point in buying this Blu-Ray disc ; the DVD is probably just as good or better -LRB- I do n't have the DVD -RRB- .
 I do n't think the director understands what the punisher is all about . the punisher is not a hero . he is a monster . a ruthless , cold-blooded killer who has given up his humanity in the pursuit of justice . there is nothing heroic about him . this movie 's biggest flaw is trying to portray him as something more than that.in one scene where he interrogates a mobster he tells him he will burn him with a blowtorch . he tells him he will feel nothing but cold for the first few minutes and smell sizzling meat . the punisher then pokes him in the back with a popsicle while he cooks a steak -LRB- ofcourse the mobster ca n't see all this -RRB- . the mobster then tells him what he wants to hear and the punisher lets him go . WHAT THE HELL ?!? the real punisher -LRB- or at least garth ennis ' punisher which is the only one worth reading -RRB- would never do that . his whole purpose is to kill mobsters . i 've read issues where hes blown out men 's kneecaps and put them through woodshredders to get the information he wants . the stuios wanted to make an action flick with a hero you can sympathize with . but thats the thing . YOU DO N'T SYMPATHIZE WITH THE PUNISHER . what he does is unjustifyable . cool , but still wrong . so what we end up with is a watered down frank out for vengeance -- sorry , punishment.aside from that , theres the GAPING plotholes . John Travolta -LRB- who does an awful job of portraying the badguy -RRB- hires the Russian , a beefed up Russian hitman who can crush a .45 with his barehands , to take care of the Punisher . the Russian goes to his apartment and is killed after a long stupid fight . then , Travolta orders his right hand man to go get him . for the whole movie Travolta knows where the Punisher is with NO EXPLANATION !!! none at all . and then the punisher confronts the badguy , infiltrating his base with a bow & arrow. ; he kills a few men -LRB- under twelve which is ridiculous for a Punisher movie -- I mean what happened to him mowing down legions of wiseguys with an M60 ??? -RRB- and kills travolta . oh yeah , and in the beginning he survives being shot point blank in the chest.Bootom line
 I had a feeling when I saw the previews for this movie that it was n't going to be very good . I was right.This is an aborted attempt at translating a very different kind of `` hero '' a la Marvel comics to the screen . It had been done before , and it was pretty bad then too . -LRB- Anyone remember Ivan Drago from `` Rocky IV '' ? He played The Punisher a little better than Tom Jane in this movie , and that should be all you need to know about the quality of the acting here . -RRB- The job of `` The Punisher '' in this film is to strut around without a shirt on , act like a darker Toby Keith/gunslingin ' coolguy , and take vengeance on the people who murdered his family . Keep in mind he 's been shot five , six times on the orders of John Travolta -LRB- he 's a gangster with a big car lot and people who dress in all black -RRB- . Was he at least seriously injured . Nah . Some voodoo witch doctor black guy who just happened to be around when the slaughter of his family took place and was also miraculously unharmed fixed him in a day or two.Nope . Frank Castle , this seemingly invincible cop who is bent on smoking cigarettes and drinking hard liquor while plotting revenge , does n't even have a scar on this body after being blown up and shot multiple times.He is miraculously delivered back to the exact city in a very short time and begins a game of bloodthirsty `` intrigue '' using one of the villain 's henchmen so obvious and predictable it makes Andy Warhol 's movie `` Sleep `` seem unpredictable.But the other people who live in the apartment with Jane 's Punisher -- fatboy , loser , and reformed heroin addict potential love interest -- put the nails in the already descending coffin of this awful excuse for a movie . They are so badly drawn and so badly acted that you wonder if they are going to fall off the screen or start laughing wildly . They try a few `` Leave It To Beaver '' moments in between Castle 's drinking and intent haunted gaze on his firearms.But he is so haunted , vengeful , so cool that he ca n't work up too much dialogue with them . That might have required some acting . He 's the demented silent type , a less talented Gary Cooper with a different agenda . A big Russian guy -LRB- an extra from Barnum and Bailey 's ? -RRB- and Castle have a big brawl , each suffering injuries that would knock anyone unconscious or kill them very quickly . Another thing
 This movie is a disappointment from start to finish . If your looking for a good comic to a movie watch Hellboy .
 I totally agree with the reviewer adam beck and hope that if a sequel is made to this film that the film makers take a look at Denzel Washington 's performance in `` Man On Fire '' , if that isnt what the punisher was suppose to look like , I dont know what is.I hope some of these reviews make it to the film company and they pay attention and not destroy a potential franchise by making the sequel -LRB- If there is one -RRB- worst than the first which isnt hard to do.The punisher is ruthless and if he 's a comic book icon , he 's also a New York one as well , you ca n't take him out of his environment.Growing up I was a comic book fanatic , loved the punisher especially when jim lee was drawing `` war journal '' and this is so disappointing . By the way I try to support all comic book adaptation 's so they keep tapping the well , I even bought ben affleck 's `` Daredevil '' which was bad , but not this inaccurately bad.I wo n't be buying this weak DVD .
 First mistake in this film : the hit on Frank and his family.In the comic , mobsters gun down him and his family . . he survives.In the movie , the bad guys are like `` he 's wounded so we 'll just put a fire around him , and we 're not gon na stick around to see if he gets burned or escapes theflames . '' Frank survives , but does n't keep his survival a secret ; he shows upat a conference asking why none of his killers are in jail . . Hey Frank , younever put together any evidence to give to the cops remember?Lundgren 's Punisher was closer than Janes.You lose your family , you findthe Saints , you get close , you take them out cold-blooded . Jane 's Punisher : `` I just lost my family , I 'm gon na attack Saint 's money , turn Howard Saint against his best friend , wife -LRB- play a little game -RRB- then Kill Howard . `` If you wanted Howard to suffer before killing him , you attack his money and kill of his wife and other son first -LRB- I mean Howard was laughing at him before being killed . -RRB- Jane 's performace as a guywho just lost everything was n't believable to me -LRB- Lundgren 's was closer to it . -RRB- Watch the movie once , that 's probably the only time you will watch it .
 If movies were meat , `` The Punisher '' would be beefy jerky - cheap , tasteless , and cut and dried.Thomas Jane stars in this Marvel comic-to-movie and bulked up sufficiently for the part that I thought the character should have been renamed TorsoMan . For a character whose costume is basically a t-shirt , he spends an inordinately large portion of the film with his shirt off . Considering the audience is almost entirely young males , and mostly teens at that , who exactly is this aimed at?Jane 's character , Frank Castle , is an undercover cop of some sort and kills the son of crime boss Howard Saint , played tepidly by John Travolta . Saint in turn executes Castle 's entire family tree , and , although being shot directly in the chest at close range , Castle survives thanks to his witch doctor -LRB- no , really ! -RRB- and comes back for revenge wearing the black skull t-shirt his son gave to him in a `` so cheesy I thought I was in Wisconsin '' piece of foreshadowing.There is , of course , the requisite ragtag band of ` losers ' that accept Castle as one of their own . One is some sort of drug addict who 's into piercings , another is your generic fat guy , and then there 's the sexy love interest , supermodel Rebecca Romijn-Stamos , who lives down the hall.I 'd read a review on Amazon that suggested Travolta 's performance was ` over the top . ' Please ! Over the top would 've been welcome -LRB- unless of course we 're talking about the 1987 arm-wrestling vehicle for Sylvester Stallone -RRB- . Howard Saint is evidently supposed to be a coolly detached criminal who kills both employees and family at the drop of a hat with steely resolve , but Travolta just ends up looking bored . I 'm with ya there Johnny boy ! -LRB- The music major in me would also like to note that I noticed an eerie similarity to the Travolta character 's musical theme , and that of Dr. Evil in the Austin Powers movies . Listen closely and you 'll know I 'm right . -RRB- The movie is entirely predictable . Here 's an example of the trite dialogue that makes me want to write director Jonathan Hensleigh and ask for my $ 3.69 back : Punisher to leggy supermodel - `` Read your newspaper every day and you 'll understand . `` Leggy supermodel - `` Which section ? '' -LRB- Can you hear it coming ? -RRB- Punisher - `` The obituaries . `` The whole movie is like that ! It 's like it was penned by some teenage boys in detention who were forced into some sort of group creative writing assignment.But here 's the thing that bothered me the most - for a movie about a deranged revenge seeker who 's stockpiling guns like Charlton Heston is coming to dinner , the `` hero enters with guns blazing '' moment does n't come until 1:43:42 into the movie . And it 's only a two-hour movie!No no , our hero brings down the bad guy by convincing him that his wife is sleeping with his right hand man . Travolta then kills both himself while laying on puns usually reserved for the muscle-bound hero . Of course Castle gets everyone else in the end and saves his 21 car-bomb salute for Travolta.Listen , if you want to see a good revenge flick , rent `` Kill Bill '' . Both volumes ! But if you want to see angry guys in dark rooms lit only by the neon filtered through the fan in their window , people being thrown to their deaths through rickety railings -LRB- honestly , note to bad guys in movies - stay away from the railings ! -RRB- , and thunder and lightning punctuating `` dramatic '' turns of phrase , even when it 's not raining , then `` The Punisher '' is the movie for you !
 I have the extended cut of The Punisher and I want to upgrade to the Bluray but not this one so until the extended cut is released I will not upgrade !
 Thomas Jane in `` The Punisher '' proves brawn and good looks do n't necessary make for a compelling `` Superhero . '' Jane lacked the prerequisite charisma necessary for audiences to root for his ultimate victory . John Travolta 's character , Howard Saint , is cool and collected , but underneath his calm exterior beats the heart of his `` Swordfish , '' character -- Gabriel . Travolta is so riveting , as a bad guy , that you hope he wins in the end . Cheering for Travolta says more about the ineptitude of Jane rather that the tour de force of Travolta . Even when Jane 's entire family is exterminated by the hired guns of Howard Saint -LRB- Travolta -RRB- , you do n't sympathize with him . Typically , when the protagonist is laying the foundation for his motivation and concurrent actions , you either lament with him through extreme `` pathos '' for his lost or ponder his next move . The internal dialogue being , `` I 'd feel the same way if someone killed my family in such a heinous fashion . '' The second option would be sympathizing with the character 's `` Ice in the veins . '' Denzel Washington did it adroitly in `` Man on Fire . '' By taking the only person he loved , Washington made you feel his extremes for retribution were warranted . Not so with `` The Punisher . '' No feelings are evoked . The brooding , mysterious man of action , just does n't work for Thomas Jane . Actor Josh Hartnett would have done for `` The Punisher '' what Christian Bale did for `` Batman '' . Largely , provide depth and context to the action.I recommend `` The Punisher '' for Travolta 's portrayal as well as the supporting cast as organized criminals with charismatic edges . Absent the supporting cast , `` The Punisher '' feels like punishment.Edward BrownCore Edge Image & Charisma Institutewww.core-edge . com
 This movie is going to be a major disappointment to those who gave this turkey a 5 star rating BEFORE ever seeing it . I saw it last night and was truly amazed at how weak the story and direction is . I wo n't spoil it for any PUNISHER FAN who truly must see this one , but to me , the character of the PUNISHER should be big , muscular and reallllly pissed off ... however , the performance by leading man JANE is shallow , sterile and amateur in this bomb . The PUNISHER is out for revenge as any true fan of the comic book knows ... Jane 's performance in this new edition is a `` walk through '' . We do n't feel sorry for him , we do n't feel his pain , and in fact , he is not likeable in any way ... . he is simply a human-robot killing machine . You do n't get the feeling he ever loved his family , nor could he ever have ... he is so bland and mindless . One thing that the former Punisher movie had that this did n't was to show the Punisher -LRB- played fairly well by Dolph Lundgren -RRB- had compassion for children and innocent people and yet felt compelled to take out his revenge on the bad guys just the same , and he did on 2 different organized gangster organizations ... however , this new Punisher shows little or NO sympathy for anyone except for his gun ... . and speaking of his overly huge gun ... it looks like a stage prop made of fiberglass , because if it WAS made of real metal , his smallish arm muscles would NEVER be able to support it . The character should look like the comic book image ... big , well muscled and muscled like ARNOLD . . this guy looks like an aerobics instructor ... cute body , but not a `` PUNISHER BODY '' we have come to expect from the comic book image !! The foley work was excellent in making the gun sound heavy , but so what . John Travolta does NOTHING to save this nonsense ... . and he overacts through most of his part . The soundtrack is rock music which sounds pretty good for what it is , however , I much preferred the quality music score like in the first movie , which really built up some excitement and tension . This score is simply background music , not a true soundtrack ... not a lot of thought went into picking the songs for this , except to pick what would sell CD albums . Save your money on this one .
 One of the more violent movies I have seen using revenge as a driver to justify it . Poor acting . skip it
 I have every Marvel flick out and hands down , this is the worst adaptation produced . Even John Travolta could n't make this POS worth watching all the way thru .
 I am just glad I did n't pay to watch this movie . I wonder who directed or wrote the script . great job on killing one of my favorite Marvel character
 The entire family death scene is a shameless ripoff from Mad Max . The chase of the wife , the runover sequence , even the running to the death site clutching a double-barrelled shotgun -LRB- almost with the SAME CLOTHES -RRB- scene.Play the movie and close your eyes , listen to his voice . It 's Mel Gibson.Shameless.But kind of good , nonetheless .
 the movie took forever to get here an after it got here , I wondered &#34; what-in-the-world &#34; possessed me to buy it ? really an truly corny and pretty unbelievable story line ! John Trovalta has seen many a better acting day than this movie . The best thing I can say for it , is that the movie was in really good shape . Final word ... hang on to your money !
 I liked the Thomas Jane version of the Punisher . That said , all the new scenes included in this `` Extended Cut '' version ruin the pace in what 's already kind of a slow-paced film . A whole sub-plot on who snitched on Frank 's real identity when he was undercover is introduced , and while it 's not a bad sub-plot , it seems to bring the movie to a screeching halt several times . The new opening is n't all that hot either and the Garth Ennis comic that came with the first DVD was a better treat . I 'd just go with the original DVD .
 Out of all the comic books that have been adapted into movies over the past few years , `` The Punisher '' was the one I 'd been praying for to be made . I thought for sure Hollywood would be able to make a great movie out of this character . Look at what they were able to do with Blade , a character who 's hardly even mentioned in the Marvel Universe . `` Spider-man '' was great , `` X-men '' was good , and `` X2 '' was even better . Even `` Hulk '' , though a failed experiment , could be commended on what it was trying to achieve . And so I pleaded with The Powers that Be for a release of an awesome Punisher movie . A no-holds-barred action extravaganza full of bloodshed and bullets . But , of course because I asked for it , it did n't happen . Instead I was given Jonathon Hensleigh 's `` The Punisher '' , another perfect example which can be added to the ranks of `` Superman IV
 This is suppose to be a comic book movie . It 's very far from it.The Punisher has a pretty simple story . Frank Castle -LRB- Thomas Jane -RRB- is a retired FBI agent . In his last case a ganglords son is gunned down . Howard Saint -LRB- John Trovolta -RRB- gets revenge by murdering all of saints family members at a family reunion . They kill him or so they think so , and now Castle is back and looking for his revenge.I read The Punisher comic books when I was younger and I must say I was disappointed with the movie . This is suppose to be a comic book movie where the target audience should be between 10 and 20 in ages . They did n't even attempt to make this a PG-13 movie and it bugs me . I know Frank Castle is a very dark character . He 's a very mad character and he 's a very violent character.The Violence in the movie is incredible . I could n't believe how far they took things . I was expecting violence and the comic books were violent , but never to this extent . You never saw people get shot up like this . You never saw anybody get tourted like they do in this . When they rip the guys piercing out of his face I cringed . I never cringe in movies , but this was like watching Scarface . Everybody is sadistic . There 's boiling water flying on people and it 's a very violent film and in the top five that I 've ever scene . The movie did n't need to be that violent though.In the comics Frank Castle never did the things he did in this movie . He did n't do the sadistic planning like he does in the movie . In this film he 's planning his revenge like Dumas has Dantes do in The Count of Monte Cristo . Castle was never that sadistic in the comic.The language was also pretty bad and there is some brief nudity . They made no attempt to make it a PG-13 movie . This is the biggest problem I had with the film , because like I said this is a film geared towards teenagers.Thomas Jane was good as Frank Castle . It was a grea piece of casting and he played the part perfect . He looked exactly like the man from the comic and he played it to perfection . The script could have been better but I liked him a lot.This is a very violent film that did n't hold true to its roots . At times it was a very comic book movie . Most of the movie was like watching Scarface though . This is a very violent film and it 's definetly not for kids . It 's really a four star movie , but because of all the violence I have to give it 2 . A lot of it was n't neccesary and I 'm really quite disappointed in Marvel and Lions Gate . At least we have Spiderman 2 to look forward to .
 REVIEW OF BLU-RAY DISK ONLY . This Blu-ray disk may be in the blu-ray format , but the resolution is no better than what you 'd expect from a normal , anamorphic DVD . It was actually distracting to me , because I was expecting 1080i resolution , and I got the fuzziness I would have expected from a normal DVD.I fear we may be getting alot this in the early days of Blu-ray and hi-definition TVs . I remember the same thing happening in the early days of DVD about 11 years ago . DVD was capable of much better resolution than a VHS tape , but many DVDs were not significantly sharper than a good VHS tape . Now the same thing is happening with Blu-rays
 Well the title of my review says it all however as a completist in my Super-hero genre of films I would own this version over the original .
 I 'll admit it . The major problem I had with `` The Punisher '' was not its half-baked attempt at film noir , its lame-brained viciousness or even the director 's `` punishing '' assault on the viewer 's intelligence . -LRB- I 'm referring here to director Jonathan Hensleigh 's uncanny skill at jack-hammering dramatic points home with a rumble of thunder and a streak of lightning . -RRB- Quite frankly , I could n't lead myself to believe Thomas Jane as the sadistic , white-knuckled protagonist . The trouble I had with Jane as the Marvel Comics superhero Frank Castle was n't necessarily that he was bad , rather that he was n't bad enough . I do n't think I 'm alone when I proclaim , `` Long live Lundgren ! `` Yes , you heard me . I know it may seem like I 've stooped to the gravel bottom , but I mean it . Dolph Lundgren was so eloquently dreadful in his depiction of the Mafia fanny-paddling badass in the original film . A grin is forming just thinking about that 1989 classic in cheese-ball cinema . For those of you who appreciated Lundgren 's work as Ivan Drago in `` Rocky IV , '' you ai n't seen nothin ' until you 've rented this preposterous bomb.I recommend setting the line , `` I will break you , '' on the back burner because it will be replaced with `` I punish the guilty . `` Anyway , the sets and special effects in the original version of `` The Punisher '' were unfathomably horrendous . The movie might as well have been shot on the set of `` Killer Klowns from Outer Space . '' Toss in some fight sequences marred by out-of-place sound effects and no conception of gravitational pull , not to mention triple-digit death counts , and you 've got yourself a chucklelicious good time.Certainly the remake has much higher production values and slightly superior acting , but it sorely lacks the flair of Lundgren and Louis Gossett Jr. . I look at it as a slicked down version of the original.To put things in perspective , the first film knew it blew poppy seed , and for that I 've provided a place for the film in my aortic valve . The remake thinks of itself as clutching the tagline , `` Nominated for 13 Academy Awards including Best Picture , ` The Punisher ' is here , and he sure as HELL ai n't happy . '' All right , the movie can attest to a handful of crack-ups , but on the whole it took itself too damned seriously for my liking.For those of you who take comic books seriously and expect a sober big screen adaptation of your preferred strip , I sincerely apologize . It 's just a personal penchant of mine that comic adaptations have an air of ridiculousness because the definition of the word `` comic '' does kind of hint at this necessity .
 I am a huge comic book fan and the Punisher is one of my all time favorite characters . I even have his first comic-Spider-Man number 129 . There have been a string of comic book character-movies lately that I have despised -LRB- Daredevil , Batman and ROBIN , etc -RRB- . I had high hopes for this film because of the great casting job . However , I was very dissapointed ! The Punisher 's family is killed and he is having dinner with fatboy and monkey spanker dave . and then he is transporting fire hydrants around time and playing Mcguyver to get Howard Saint to kill his gay colleague . I expected this film to stay true to the comic and be entertaining . There most not nearly as much action , violence , and killing by guns . But , this film made the 1989 Dolph Lungren version of `` the Punisher '' look like Citizen Kane . I snuck into Kill Bill vol .2 for free after this crappy movie just to forgot that I had seen it . Way to go , ARTISAN!sellouts
 First , I am a huge fan of the numerous Marvel and DC characters that have been brought to the screen in recent years . With a few exceptions , most have been very well done and the franchises have been well managed . Not this one . The film is one part camp , one part action , and one part cheesy dialogue . All of the above combine to make The Punisher the worst film I have seen in a long time.Perhaps my expectations were too high . I expected a dark , gritty tale of a man hellbent on avenging his murdered family . Instead of being consumed by vengeance , the director elects to play up the alcoholism angle , which , while understandable in the circumstances , is not how I perceive the Punisher . Further lightening the mood are Castle 's hapless misfit neighbors , who are such one-dimensional caricatures that I nearly expected them to disappear when they turned sideways . Alas , that might have actually improved their contribution to the picture . Along these same lines , John Travolta plays a merciless , ruthless crimelord whose total lack of redeeming qualities make the character downright painful to watch.The lone bright spots in the film are the ever-beautiful Rebecca Romjin -LRB- who befriends Castle and adds a welcome contrast to the empty-headed female presence of Laura Harring as Travolta 's vindictive wife -RRB- and Will Patton as Travolta 's second-in-command who harbors a little secret that I will not spoil here for anyone who has not yet seen the film . Not that I recommend that anyone subject themselves to this.It is sad to think that Dolph Lundgren could actually turn in a more convincing performance at anything , but he did in his late-80s adaptation of the Punisher story , which at least had the added attraction of Lou Gossett , Jr. to give it some cred.This is an absolute stinkbomb of a film . I kept watching , thinking that the senseless waste of human life being depicted could n't grow worse , and yet it did , right up to the final scenes . All I can say is , Avi Arad , what were you thinking ? With brilliant and much more sophisticated Marvel adaptations of X-Men and Spider Man , and reboots of the Batman and Superman franchises on the other side of the superhero universe , there are much better choices out there for superhero fans than this total waste of time . I hear they 're planning a sequel . Do n't bother burning a DVD for me ...
 First off , I should confess that I 'm not much into the comic book realm . Thus , I probably am missing alot of what 's great about this movie.That said , viewing this as just a regular movie , this was quite horrible . The acting was very stiff and unbelievable . The pacing was overly slow - not the intentional , tension building slowness of Unbreakables , but just a real dragging pace that made one think the director did n't know when to cut the scenes . Additionally , the whole wind-up of the movie -LRB- the popular guy in the FBI retires , his family is sick of moving , they are going to live like normal people now , yada yada yada -RRB- , was WAY to cliche and also took much too long.The one somewhat amusing aspect was the Punisher 's neighbors in their seedy apartment building . In some way , even that was conventional . And yet , there was a real , human glimpse at these characters ' lives that was strikingly refreshing and enjoyable.All told , about a half hour before the end of the movie , we had an interruption . However , we were all too happy to relieve ourselves from the painful experience and so never bothered to finish the movie . I do n't know how it ends or if the ending somehow redeems the whole rest of the movie ... I certainly hope so .
 contains spoilersThis film is dumb - Hollywood dumbA man sees his entire family -LRB- even extended family -RRB- blown away and then in a fit of revenge does what ? Pretends to torture someone to get information out of him !!! That 's right , he hangs a guy up and pretends he 's going to hurt him , even to the point of searing a rump steak so the guy thinks it 's his own burning flesh.He confronts two killers and as in a western high noon waits for them to draw their guns first!This is lame revenge .
 There are many reasons this movie does n't work , but let 's talk about the four biggest : -LRB- 1 -RRB- The filmmakers seem very concerned that viewers sympathize with Frank Castle after his family 's murder . Again and again , we see him moping in his derelict apartment , drinking himself into a stupor . They want us to understand he 's a VICTIM . They do n't realize much of the appeal of the Punisher is that he 's not a victim . We love Frank Castle because he 's a hate-filled killer . He 's the `` victim '' who gets even . Frank Castle does n't mope , he kicks butt and does n't even bother to take names . Thomas Jane 's Punisher seems more sullen than dangerous . -LRB- 2 -RRB- They 're just entirely too coy about ever showing Frank in costume . In the movie Frank 's soon-to-be-deceased son gives him the skull shirt as a present . And Frank does wear it a few times . But we never see him in full regalia , the black costume , white boots and gloves , the skull emblem in glorious white spread across his chest , cartridge bandolier forming its teeth . WHY ? The Punisher 's stark costume would look great in live action . When you get right down to it , the Punisher 's outfit is a Nazi SS uniform turned into a superhero suit . They just took that little skull off the hat , blew it up to huge proportions and put it on his chest as a superhero emblem . In one of my favorite Punisher stories , an old woman , a Nazi death camp survivor , sees the Punisher crossing a rooftop and freaks because she 's thinks he 's an SS officer . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Perhaps the reason they wo n't put Frank in costume is -LRB- as the makers of the Dolph Lundgren version explained -RRB- they `` did n't want him to look too much like a comic book character . '' This leads into the next problem with the movie
 This has got to be the first time in DVD history that a Commentary Track , which exists on the original $ 5 bargain bin version , is now ABSENT from the `` new , improved '' $ 15 Directors Cut ! What the heck happened?Just because a few more minutes were added , does n't mean that they could n't have also added a few more comments.And nobody cares about any hastily cobbled Iraq garbage , either . Let 's leave the Bush family 's sick oil scam out of this . So thanks , but I 'm sticking to the original version , WITH the all-important audio track , and without the Iraq oil junk.BTW , studios , I also do n't want to see the events of 911 added to New York , New York - in case you were leaning in that stupid general direction !
 I stood in the video store reading the description of The Punisher . I was not familiar with the comic series and did n't pay much attention to the movie when it was theaters.The back of the DVD poignantly explained that this one man with no special powers , none of the recources Batman had and only his intellect to stand-up for the weaker of our society . Sounded promising.Kudos to that writer , he or she managed to get me interested . The movie barely resembled that portrayal . The movie story line was so predictable I was hardly able to stay awake . I could have used that hour and a half doing something better . I 'll take a pass on this one folks .
 The story is weak and the charcters weaker.The action is mediocore . If you want good comic book movies get Blade or Spider-Man . Save your cash and if you get this for a present put it in the trash with `` Hulk '' .
 Do not waste your money on this piece of crap movie . Horrible ! GO TO members.cox.net/hunter21291 for full review .
 All of this movie rewriting was n't necessary . The details of the comic book Punisher were more than sufficient . Okay , I can put my love of the comic aside and view this as a separate entity -- Aside from bastardizing the great story , the action and acting were lackluster overall , and in some spots , just plain bad . I wo n't even bother with the details.Maybe what the Punisher needs is an indie remake by some real fans , this high budget shine and corny dialogue is n't working !
 ... but not by much . Man I REALLY wanted to like this too , but it 's a dud.I want to start on a positive note , because it 's -LRB- at least -RRB- watchable . There is SOME good in here , it 's not ALL BAD . Thomas Jane , I felt , did a really good job portraying the main character . Come to think of it , I 'll just throw out a blanket statement that all the acting -LRB- overall -RRB- was adequate . The special effects , especially the car that was used as Frank Castle 's ride , was really creatively done and well executed . As I said before , this is watchable.Man there are a TON of issues though . Frustrating part is that EVERY PROBLEM I found with the movie was EXTREMELY FIXABLE . Let 's begin ... I had reservations about the movie 's South Florida location since it began filming . The way I always pictured the Punisher , I always thought of a very dark , gritty , urban setting . Bright , tropical , colorful Florida just never seemed to fit quite right to me . Unfortunately , I was right . To have Jane running around in the middle of the afternoon just looked odd . The Punisher just is n't the kind of character that would attack something in broad daylight , in the middle of the afternoon , on a crowded city street . Rumor has it that Travolta , a Florida resident , would n't sign on to the movie unless it filmed close to his home.There 's an issue in the beginning of the movie , after Castle 's family is slaughtered , where the time-line gets a little skewed . Once Frank returned to the mainland where he was staying , we have absolutely NO IDEA how much time had passed . Which reminds me , how exactly did that witch-doctor nurse Frank back to health ? Why even point that character out at all ? By all rights , Frank should have been on life-support after he was left for dead . Would n't it serve the movie more to just have him wash up on the beach and then taken to a hospital as a ` John Doe ' -LRB- a la ` Hard to Kill ' -RRB- ? Seems to me it would have served the same purpose and helped explain his recovery a little better . I 'm not even going to mention asking where all of Castle 's scars went when he takes his shirt off . He should be littered with pock-marks and scars that just are n't there . That witch-doctor must really know his stuff ... There was CLEARLY a mole in the department that Frank Castle was working for . Why was this point never pursued ? Castle was CLEARLY sold-out by someone , and yet -LRB- even after his ridiculous `` I 'm still alive '' declaration -RRB- nobody ever readdresses the issue ? Speaking of which , why even make that speech in front of police headquarters ? Would n't that completely blow you 're element of surprise ? That moment raised about a dozen questions that the film never bothered to answer.I normally never notice this kind of thing , but THE SCORE WAS HORRIBLE . Every time Howard Saint 's character was on the screen , I swear they played the theme of Dr. Evil from the Austin Powers movies . For that matter , all the villains were nothing more then mobster card-board cut-outs . As far as the villains go , aside from Saint , they were all cartoons . The hit-man from Memphis and his musical interlude ? What was with that ? It did nothing to forward the plot at all . You could have completely cut him from the movie , maybe saved it for the DVD and lower the movie 's running time by about 15 minutes . The Russian also looked like a character out of a Street Fighter video game.As far as the action , Lion 's Gate was obviously pulling its punches . The Punisher is a BRUTAL CHARACTER ; it was almost comedic watching him meticulously setting up these elaborate traps for Saints goons to fall into or trying to torture an enemy with a popsicle . Does anyone really think they would n't know the difference between a freeze-pop and a blowtorch ? I wanted so badly for this film to be a throwback to the mid-eighties action movies , the Punisher 's supposed to be ` Rambo ' not ` The Count of Monte Cristo . ` It just seems to me that the idea of who this character is and what drives him was totally lost by the end of the movie . It 's a little better then the Dolph Lungren movie ; but they still have n't gotten it right either . Oh well , we still have Spiderman to look forward to ...
 The 1989 version was nothing special and neither is this . There 's a fundamental problem with the Punisher on screen that nobody has dealt with yet
 First , let me say that I 've always been a huge fan of Marvel Comics in general and The Punisher in particular . Now , on to the bad news . This movie was one of the worst pieces of trash I 've ever seen . There was absolutely nothing good about this film . The acting ; terrible . The writing ; terrible . The special effects ; I 've seen far , far better lately . Even the soundtrack music was lame and boring . If you 're 14 years old and you 've only seen a dozen or so movies in your life , you might actually enjoy this . Otherwise , you 'll be wishing you had your $ 4 Blockbuster rental money back , just like I am . If I had paid to see this in a theater as I originally planned , I would be kicking myself right now . I watched this movie by myself and actually felt embarrased several times ; for the actors , who for some reason decided to be a part of this joke , and for myself since I was the one wasting two hours watching it .
 The real punishment is to watch this movie . All I wanted was some mindless entertainment . This movie does n't deliver even that . Staring at the wall for 2 hours straight would be more entertaining .
 In 2003 I wrote a review on Amazon for the original Punisher movie from 1989 . For those of you unfamilair with it , it is a one-man-army flick with Dolph Lundren . In the review , I bashed it for being terrible , unwatchable , mindless manure . Then I praised the possibilities of the forthcoming Punisher movie , which was to be released in 2004 . I said that at the very least , it could n't be any worse than the Dolph disaster.How incredibly wrong I was.I hereby retract every bad thing I said about the 1989 Punisher movie . Because compared to this , it looks like Citizen Cane.John Travolta ruins another potentially good movie , as he always does . He is like cinematic sulfuric acid , everything he touches disintergrates , and horribly so . That 's scientology for you , hey , John?But Travolta is not alone in making this stink like fresh dog droppings.Everyone associated with this movie should be catapulted into a vault of enraged hornets.Because honestly , this film could have been the first adult graphic novel to big screen adaptation to work . Instead it failed in every possible way . Then SIN CITY came along and proved that such a transfer could be done . That movie worked in all the ways The Punisher failed.First of all , everything that makes the Punisher character interesting and different from other action movie goons is gone . He is younger , shrimpier and played by a boring man named Tom Jane whose acting ability makes me yearn for the range of David Duchovney.Secondly , the movie is written and directed in a childish , ADD manner , making everything in it seem purposeless -LRB- which it is -RRB- . Why do they always make The Punisher an ex-cop in these movies ? The comics made him a former Vietnam Vet . That worked better.Why do they make him young ? In the comics he 's in his late fifties , making him a more uncanny and much more interesting anti-hero . Why do they rip-off things from The Crow -LRB- the burning image of a skull on the ground , for example -RRB- ? Why do they let Travolta speak when all he 's gon na do is puke out lines like
 It 's hard to know what to make of THE PUNISHER , Marvel 's counterpoint to DC Comics ' THE BATMAN . Both characters are vigilantes ; both characters have been turned into who they are due to the criminal deaths of their families ; and both are mere mortals . However , whereas THE BATMAN was given a big screen reception with star power and a modestly entertaining script , THE PUNISHER -- in its second attempt at the silver screen -- seems to languish in mediocrity.Tom Jane does an admirable job at trying to bring sense to the life of Frank Castle , a former government agent who retires from the job in order to , finally , spend more time with his family . However , his last job -- playing a drug lord in a sting operation -- goes horribly awry and ends up causing the shooting death of a thug belonging to the Saint family ... and Howard Saint -LRB- played in almost understated parody by the usually reliable John Travolta -RRB- wants Castle and his family dead as a consequence . True enough , a squadron of professional killers are dispatched to due in the reliable screen talent of the lovely Samantha Mathis -LRB- appearing briefly as Mrs. Castle -RRB- and JAWS and BLUE THUNDER action star Roy Scheider -LRB- appearing even more briefly as Frank Castle , Sr. -RRB- ; however , logic fails the bad guys as the appear almost singly in the future endeavors , always a fatal mistake when going mano-a-mano with a comic book character.This is n't to say that THE PUNISHER does n't have its strengths . To the contrary , this telling is a slight departure from the original Punisher mythos , where Castle basically declares war on the mob/mafia as retribution for the killing of his family ; this time out , Castle is given a new ` family ' of sorts that takes the shapes of the unlikely group of tenants in the building where he lives
 This film is not bad . When comic books are adapted to the movies this will always be a case of hit and miss . Thomas Jane is not one of those misses , he gives an edgy , linear performance , but has not conveyed the tragedy of the Punisher . The woeful screenplay does not help his cause much.I question why this film is not set in New York , most probably to avoid comparison to Spider-Man and Daredevil . This avoidance only highlights the weakness in the story . The lack of any credible antagonist e.g. the Kingpin weakens the film even more.It must be remembered that the two writers , Jonathan Hensleigh and Michael France , were responsible for writing screen plays for `` The Saint '' , and `` The Hulk '' respectively . This bodes no good omen.If you want to see a good adaption of a vigilante from Marvel Comics , watch `` Daredevil '' . If your desire is that of gunplay of the exceptional quality watch John Woo 's `` The Killer '' . I very much doubt the makers of this film did either .
 Hard to get into a film where the star is shot point blank through the heart and dumped off a pier ... then `` recovers '' without explanation.I know some films have a plot hole here and there ... but let 's get real !
 If you haven , t seen this film , please do n't waste your time or money . The version of The Punisher from 1989 was a lot better .
 If Batman Begins is the perfect adaptation from comic book character tobig screen hero , The Punisher is the perfect example of how to destroya great comic book character . The first thirty minutes are boring andunoriginal . Whereas Christopher Nolan made good use of the first halfof Batman Begins to present a credible transition from rich man 's sonto Dark Knight , Jonathan Hensleigh bores viewers to death by picturingFrank Castle as the perfect American family man who then loses hisbeautiful wife and perfect son in a cheap Mad Max rip off . In contrast , the 1989 low budget but far superior version started off smack in themiddle of the action with a seriously disturbed ex cop already on therampage and the reason for his decline into madness was graduallyexplained by means of flashbacks and memories form Louis Gousset Jrtrying to bring his old friend back into a sane life . But whereas thecomic book Punisher , brought to life by similarly huge 6 ' 6 '' DolphLundgren in the first movie , becomes a bitter , meanerthan hell , cold blooded killer without compassion , the 05 Frank Castle turns into yourfriendly neighborhood watchman who uses an ice cream cone to `` torture `` his first victim . Batman Begins also has its share of humor , but it issubtle and not out of place . The bad guys do n't fare much better.Whereas Jeroen Krabbe also had his share of trouble with the Yakuza inthe 80s version , at least he was a serious gangster not to be takenlightly . John Travolta is a looser who ca n't stand his own againstother mobsters and is being pushed around by his wife . Message to allPunisher fans
 First of all , I 'm 31 and I love movies . I really think that there is n't that many bad ones ... maybe a bit different styles , but still most movies have some kind of idea behind them . I have never written any review , but after seeing this movie - I simply had to . I had no choice . Oh , and a warning , I wrote some spoilers.I saw Rebecca on -LRB- Late night with -RRB- Conan and heard that she was on a new ` Punisher ' movie . Cool I thought . Remembering how bad reviews the first Punisher got and how great the latest Marvel movies -LRB- Spiderman , X-men , Hulk -RRB- have been , I thought that this time they would make it a lot better . And how bad can it be with lovely Rebecca and cool Travolta?So I went to see the movie . I did n't see any trailers or reviews before , so my mind was totally open to this movie . I was actually looking forward to it.The first ten minutes were nice with good acting and scenes . Tension got high when bad guys were approaching Frank 's party ... and everything was excellent to the point where the fisher bluntly and unnaturally said to bleeding Frank
 This movie was not good , a little better than the Dolph Lundren version . Not enough action and killing like the comic book character . The actor 's hairline was all wrong , the punisher did n't have a hairline that high c'mon . I would have given this movie 3 stars if it was n't for that hitman . The hitman who played the guitar was the best thing about this film and it makes me so sad that they wasted such a great character on a film like this . This Guitar playing hitman should have been used in Natural Born Killers , chasing Micky and Mallory or in From Dusk Til Dawn chasing George Clooney and his crazy Brother Q. Tarantino . He did not belong in this film . What a waste of a great character . I would love to see the producers of The Punisher make another movie about the Guitar Playing Hitman . I would pay real money to see that . Some may dissagree so in fairness it is worth renting , but not owning . But see for yourself .
 I dont know were to start . It felt like I was watching a cheezy made-for-TV movie ! Like I was watching a bad Miami Vice episode or something ! I was hoping this movie would have been cool . Even though the first Punisher movie with Dolf wasnt that great either it certainly is better then this . So far the only really GREAT comic book movie Marvel has put out is Spiderman -LRB- 1 & 2 -RRB- Hulk was ok too . PLEASE ! I just hope the Fantastic Four is good !
 A friend of mine rented this film and we watched it . First I 'd like to say that the title says it all . After all this film was pure punishment to watch . The pacing of the movie is screwy . It starts slow and you have the feel that every character that is about to be introduced will die anyway so why bother . Their is also no chemistry between the husband and wife . You are actually rooting for the punisher to leave his wife and his kid . After all he has been under deep cover for two years and has had no contact with his family . Now I 've been on a hell of a lot of military deployments and family 's rarely stay together after a forced seperation like this . Take into the account that he has done this several times and you have a cast that does n't know how to act together in a realistic matter.The matterial is also dated . Vigilante justice is so 80 's . A hero is also only as good as his villian . Travolta 's character never seams to be an evil `` king pin '' type . He is just a business man with both legal and illegal ventures . Going ballistic since Travolta launders money and sells guns never set right . If this man was truely evil I.E.
 This movie made me feel as if I were watching a PG-13 kids movie . There was n't enough action to keep me interested.After having his entire family murdered , he recoperates himself and then creates an elaborate plan to slowly turn his enemies against each other . Why does n't he just blow them all away in one clean swoop ? That would have been quicker.I wonder if the people who gave this movie a good rating , ever saw the 1989 version .
 Have you ever seen a Steven Segal movie ? Then you 've seen `` The Punisher '' already . Have you ever seen almost any 80 's movie put out by the Canon Group ? Then you 've seen `` The Punisher '' . I am not one to give away spoilers to movies , but this movie is just so full of action-genre cliches it 's impossible not to see what 's coming miles off . The good-cop-ready-to-retire who crosses the wrong bad guy on his last assignment , cue bad guys offing cop 's family , cop 's partner , cop 's friend , cop 's boss or anyone else that would turn the good cop into a vengeance-minded lone wolf seeking vigilante justice . Yes , this formula has been used from `` Mad Max '' to `` Lethal Weapon '' to `` Death Wish '' to `` Bloodsport '' to `` No Holds Barred '' -LRB- I mean really , anything that resembles a Hulk Hogan movie to any degree deserves 2 stars or less -RRB- . There is nothing here that you wo n't find done as well in any Chuck-Norris-Jean-Claude-Charles-Bronson movie . The movie is very long too , and Travolta hamming it up for two hours is tough to take . I guess if you are a fan of the comic you might like it , or if you have happened to live in a cave for the past decade or two and have never seen this type of film before you might like it , but for those of us who grew up Stallone 's `` Cobra '' or Eastwood 's `` Dirty Harry '' , this is just a retread of the same old story .
 I really appreciated the comic book , but this has to be the worst movie adaptation from Marvel . It ranks up there with George Lucas ' `` Howard the Duck '' . I ca n't believe they 're attempting a sequel to this tripe . It only goes to prove where most Hollywood execs have their heads shoved . After watching this movie , I was kicking and screaming like Travolta being dragged behind a vehicle , but I probably had more heart in my screams than Travolta . Avoid this movie at all cost . It 's two-hours you 'll never get back . Besides , there are so many other good superhero movie adaptations , why waste your time watching this one . The `` New Yorker '' critic got it right , and anyone who gave this four or five stars is suspect of actually working on the movie . By the end , the only person being punished is the viewer . With so few movies on Blu-Ray how could this one possibly be already released . Those duplicating machines could have been pressing copies of tons of other great titles , but no , someone took this disposable movie and moved it to the front of the list.The script is poor , and the acting is atrocious . Everyone in this movie should have their SAG card pulled . Luckily the cast has been changed out for the sequel , I guess we should keep our fingers crossed .
 This is the worst film I have seen since battlefield earth!it 's so laughable you should rent it for the pure comedy factor . Its so cheesy I ca n't even explain it , enjoy at your own sanity
 This movie is plagued with bad writing , weak action , and worse of all poor attempts at comedy . There are a few good moments in the movie but overall its really nothing special at all . The `` climax '' to the movie ca n't really be described as exciting . Even if he gets shot he just flinches alittle and keeps shooting . THATS ALL !!! I figured that since It was a rated R film it would get all cool and bloody like blade . Theres blood in it but not enough . This movie is way too weak and filled with many boring unecssary scences .
 Yes , I did not enjoy the movie overall . It had little potential . The main problem with thefilm is that it takes the basis of the origin away . We do not see a Vietnam veteran here , but aF.B.I . agent . Literally , the screenwriter make Frank Castle manhood less.The script is merely copy and paste work from Punisher stories -LRB- Welcome Back Frank , Punisher Year One , etc -RRB- slopped down , with no real background or overall consideration . Too much is crammed where it should n't be . More time is needed for a few charecters , not many . -LRB- Was it really nessisary to have The Russian in this movie ? -RRB- It literally feels he was just set there , John Travolta literally says after a argument , `` Ok , get the Russian . '' In the comics , you see a huge swat team get killed by The Russian before he meets castle . That 's scary . Mentioning his name is n't . Do n't assume everyone 's read all the comics.It would of been sweet for this movie to have a period piece , set right after Vietnam , and showing in the beggining his transformation from the horrors of nam to the death of his family in Central Park . The film makers decide to set the story to today and make it more commercial . -LRB- Hint , it sucks more -RRB- . The film rushes too much after his family 's death . There is no real time to mourn , or even to really care about the characters . The film rushes itself too much to avoid being boring . It 's not boring or slow , but it is dull the whole way through.Thomas Jane actually played the Punisher decently , and could of played him better with better direction . The film makers do n't take the character seriously . This is a result of a quick transformation of Frank Castle before and after with little time devoted to `` Why is he the Punisher ? `` Yes , we see his family get killed , but there is n't a Nam factor , or a past event , that would make you think Castle is demented enough to become the Punisher . There is simply not enough on his past to really convince us he would , or is capable of this type of thing . Yeah , you could be in the FBI , but that does n't make you a psychopath.John Travolta 's charecter is even worse . A very bad cast choice , he neither scared or intimitated me . I could name off a 100 actors at least who could of played this part better than Travolta . It still remains a mystery of why they casted him in this role.I know this is the Punisher , but there should be some concern , or some INTEREST in the charecters . There 's a difference in not caring about a charecter and not being interested in him . The film makers and the studio needs to learn this.It just feels more of a ' 2004 ' movie with current bands on the soundtrack , riddled with random violence , with no real substance . With every good marvel movie , there 's around 5 bad ones . Recently , I saw The ` Unfantastic Four '' Lets hope X-Men 3 heals the wounds . And yes , I gave it two stars just because of that scene where he blows that man up next to the grill . He burns and screams . That was a cool scene I admit , the only one . See it on youtube , and spare yourself from the rest of this turd .
 I do n't know what was wrong with Thomas Jane but his rendition of Frank Castle aka The Punisher quite literally sucked . Who ever heard of the Punisher crying , there 's no crying in a revenge , mad , vigilante , killer movie . I was a huge fan of the comic when I was a kid , well I still am , and that 's where most of this animosity is coming from . but they could have done a much better job than churning out this dissapointing lump of coal . And I can tell you that the actual Punisher would not have been balling drowning his sorrows into a bottle of bourban . He would have turned that sadness and sorrow inside , making it something useful . HATE !!! Cause if your crying all the time and well , if your drunk all the time , you are n't going to make a very good avenging angel . And another thing why was he just living in an apartment under the name Frank Castle , the real Frank Castle would have went underground and Saint would never have known what hit him . He would have been off the grid .
 I do n't detest comic books , but I do feel a sense of alienation to anything in spandex and super powers . I got into the comic book craze because of this guy , Frank Castle . Of course Frank 's way of life and business , though fictional , adheres more to reality than most comic books around . Frank is sick , twisted , demental -LRB- see Batman -RRB- . You have to admire that he uses his wits and intelligence to survive and `` punish '' those who are guilty . It is the perfect tool when the system does n't live up to society 's rules of the land . No super powers , no cosmic rays , no mutations , simply a man driven to the extreme by the murder of his family . Both Frank and Bruce Wayne have that in common , no matter what they do , they will never be able to bring their loved ones back to life . Their practices and tactics are as vulgar and immoral as those of their enemies . To fight the surreal -LRB- and real -RRB- demons within , they have become a mirrored image of those who they torture and punish . You just have to imagine who imitates who , are the `` bad guys '' practicing the vigilante 's ways of doing justice ? I 've been reading the Punisher for 17 years now and I do hope they get this right , I really do . If it 's for the masses and ends up making a gruesome series like the WB Batman , I will feel the need to go back and watch The Punisher with Dolph Lundgren and Louis Gossett Jr. which is cheesy as hell , but it lived to my expectations . Remember Hollywood , `` THE GUILTY WILL BE PUNISHED '' ...
 I was somewhat entertained watching this movie , John Travolta made it more interesting that it would have without him . However , it did not really impress me very much . It 's the kind of movie to see only once , it 's definetely not a collector 's item .
 I was really disappointed with this sucker . I traded in my Extended Cut version to apply a store credit toward this version . What a mistake ! Not only is the quality of this blu-ray transfer no different than the standard version , but 's more grainy with tons of digital noise . The menu system is underdeveloped -LRB- this was one of the first blu-ray releases -RRB- and confusing . There are no special features . I did n't notice one single hi-def image in the entire movie , and most of the background was soft , muddy and unclear . I almost thought this was defective until I read a few other reviews . Stay away from this one . Shame on Lions Gate for even calling this a blu-ray transfer .
 The Punisher comes very close to being camp with silly humor following ridiculous violence . There are moments of actual tension but they are rare and overwhelmed by unconvincing acting , made for TV direction , a laughable score and a bizarre desire to work in references to westerns . In the last few minutes the movie seems to try to overcompensate for all the past silliness but it just collapses under the weight of cliches.If you have a thing for movies that include wacky housemates or you just want to see Thomas Jane standing around in dramatic poses this movie is for you . If you want to see a movie about a man devastated by grief and fueled by murderous rage try Punisher
 There 's amazing sequence of scenes in `` The Punisher
 When former FBI agent Frank Castle 's entire extended family are wiped out by a vengeful con , there 's only one thing to do
 That 's my second Lionsgate Blue Ray purchase , after T-2 ; and i was hoping that being a much more recent film , the picture quality would improve more than the highly dissapointing grainy print of the James Cameron 's film , but this does n't happen . I do n't know what kind of masters this studio is using , but i do n't think you coul call this high definition . If you want to know how to treat a movie in high definition , i recommend you to consult how Disney Studios and 20th Century Fox are doing it . Because for me , this two studios are the two only ones that are bringing high definition into the next level . Even the Sony titles do n't look so good as the Touchstone editions .
 When I saw the trailer for this movie it appeared to me to be just another hollywood product with an already over used formula . That was my first opinion of it . But one day I decided to at least give the movie a chance so I buy it on dvd and as soon as I pressed play I was immersed in what could have been the worst piece of crap I had seen in a long time . I mean there are movies that are ok but forgetable and then there are movies that are just plain ridiculous . The script was retarded , Thomas Jane tried to act , the supporting cast was retarded -LRB- neighbor 's in Castle 's apartment -RRB- and I 'm sad to say that good old John Travolta was so unconvincing it made me sick . It is always a sad day when great characters are made into awful movies . In the end , the action scenes were weak , the story made no honest sense , the characters were idiots and the climax was just a little too predictable . If you want to see a real movie of The Punisher then watch the 1989 film with Dolph Lundgren , now THAT 's action .
 I 've never been so hopeful about a movie that I finished it , yet was all the while so disappointed that I plowed through large scenes at 3x fast-forward so that I could be spared the misery of watching it and still catch the subtitles of some scenes.The actors and actresses of this movie were mostly great -LRB- thus two stars and not one -RRB- -- I think the casting seems right , for the most part . Unfortunately , the great actors on board this film were held back by a script that usually did n't allow them to do much . There were some good lines of dialogue , but they were swallowed-up by all the problems in this movie , a movie that does n't really allow you to even sympathize with the characters . You 're supposed to . At the end , the Punisher asks the other people who live in his apartment building why they help him , why they were willing to suffer for him , and you hear one of them say , `` because you 're one of us . '' Apparently the viewer is supposed to feel like the Punisher is one of them , too , but there are reasons why one cannot.One reason is the camera . It lingers too long on each shot , and makes the viewer feel uninvolved and uninterested . Sometimes I felt like I was watching a high-quality handheld camera that was part of a `` making of '' documentary . There were scenes where the beginning should have been clipped , and the camera should have changed shots to come in from another angle . In one scene , the main henchman of the main villain is pacing back and forth in a store , waiting for a meeting that will never arrive , and the camera remains anchored in place for something like 20 seconds while he paces -LRB- it tracks him a little bit , if I recall , but that 's it -RRB- . At the beginning of the scene , I almost felt like he was going to turn to face the camera and tell the film crew a joke.Another reason is the score . If the camera often lingers too long on a shot , then the score has too many holes with no music , allows for much too much dead silence , and you really feel it . There is one scene in particular that I 'm thinking of when Castle/Punisher is invited for dinner by the other people in his apartment , and it 's not clear if it 's supposed to be humorously awkward or what . The camera does n't know , the actors do n't know , and there 's no score . What is it ? It does n't leave the viewer uncomfortable or feeling sympathy for this motley crew
 It is hard to believe that Hollywood can ruin a franchise twice , but it 's begining to look that way . A year away and things are looking grim already . For starters , I do n't see Microchips name in the character list . I forget his real name , but none of these are familiar . Microchip is Punisher 's old war buddy . He 's a computer whiz and Punisher would be dead many times if it was n't for his fat buddy -LRB- and vice versa -RRB- . It also makes it more believable that he has someone to help him , after all he does go up against the whole criminal underworld.Two is the actor chosen . Never heard of him , but he is blond and young and attractive . NOT FRANK CASTLE ! Frank is hard edged hard faced vietnam vet who 's been thru hell and back . No matter how much the actor -LRB- who cares what his name is -RRB- grimaces , he will never be Frank Castle.It seems they decided to put John Travolta in this . Maybe to make sure somebody goes to see it -LRB- women at least -RRB- . It would have made more sense to put Travolta in the Punisher role . Look at his work in Pulp Fiction . He can be an older , brooding , hardcase out for revenge.Why go on ? Let 's just wait and see if it bombs like Hulk and LXG . I 'm sure Hollywood executives are already thinking twice about future comic book movie endevours . By the time this comes out , I 'm sure they 'll pull the plug on many . They don ; t understand that it 's not that moviegoers do n't want to see super heroes in colorful tights , they do n't want to see their beloved pop icons turned into trash and fodder for the Hollywood grinder . One tip
 where to begin , well first off i hated the actor who played the punisher , and i would be very pleased if i never saw or heard of him again . secondly this movie got really sappy , wich is pretty strange for a movie that was aimed at 14 year old boys , the punisher got all touchy-feely with his neighbors , dont get me wrong i see where they were going they just wanted to show his human side and how he was more merciful and more decent than john travolta , but this just got annoying , especially when it tried to get smart , and the punisher `` tricks '' travolta into killing his wife and friend , in the comic he would have torn in there and slaughtered to get his revenge , also the scene with the weird wrestler dude was completely idiotic , it was like a bad three stooges episode , and those werent very good anyways , i dont see why people say this movie was so violent , it was no where near as extreme as PLENTY of other movies ive seen including mainstream ones , so anywho , thats pretty much it , yeah , dont see this movie , it blows , it looks like travoltas gon na need more help from mr.Tarantino to get his carreer back after this dreck .
 I came in watching this film with good expectations and 2hours worth of decent action . This film was terribly dreadful . The cast is poor , the script is poor , and the story is so inevitable from start to end . This film is degrading for John Travolta -LRB- a respected -RRB- actor . This film is certainly the worst he has been in -LRB- maybe he wanted some extra cash -RRB- . The Punisher himself is unconvincing , and the only thing believable about him is his muscles . This film was a waste of money , and most defintly does not match upto any of the other marvel charecters such as spiderman , or superman . This film was overall a dissapointment , which has even led me to want to write this review about it ... . What a waste of time . TERRIBLE.Rating out of 10 * ... 3 *
 They are changing many things in the transitions from comics to movies . Stick -LRB- Daredevil 's mentor -RRB- did not appear in the movie , his name was n't even mentioned.Spider-man has natural webbing now , wich is cool . The Kingpin is not white -LRB- who cares ? . Marvel wasnt big on movies in the early nineties -LRB- anyone remember the captain america movie ? -RRB- I thought the first punisher movie in 89 was ok , this guy was tougher than bat-man , now i realize the punisher is just a guy with guns , that 's it.Marvel has better superheroes , but i 'm curious to see this new punisher in action . Funny , the guy looks like a younger Christopher Lambert -LRB- Notice it ? -RRB- If there is a punisher soundtrack , i expect it to be HEAVY.Other soundtracks such as Spider-man , Daredevil and Hulk left something to be desired ... oh well . . one can hope .
 Anyone who is a true Punisher fan I believe will not be satisfied with the movie and most likely HATE it . Anyone who is totally unfamiliar with the character or the comics -LRB- much like the film makers -RRB- will get some enjoyment out of it however . The following are reasons why this film should not have been labeled a Punisher film .1 . Frank Castle was a marine not an undercover CIA agent ... 2 . His family was murdered in New York City while on a picnic in Central Park NOT in Puerto Rico which I believe is where this was supposed to of happened .3 . In the comics it 's just his wife and kids who are murdered in Central Park ... in the film it 's his ENTIRE family at a family reunion ... relatives and friends...brother-in-laws , sister-in-laws , cousins , nephews , brother and sister . Watching everyone get shot up by these criminals was way more comical then shocking as well ... It made me laugh for about 30 minutes straight . The whole scene reminded me of a mix between the first Mad Max and the scene in Monty Python and the Holy Grail where the knight runs into the castle and just starts slaying everybody ... men , women , children , chickens ... everything ! 4 . The Punisher is from New York City , NY just like every other marvel character and not Tampa , FL ... The movie should 've taken place in the proper state.The only thing that was consistent about this film and the comic books it is based off of are the following :1 . His name is still Frank Castle ; 2 . The Russian Character sent to assassinate Frank Castle ... However the way the Russian is killed is completely different then in the movie ; 3 . The three individuals living in his apartment building.The most ridiculous part in the movie -LRB- and the last straw for me -RRB- was when Frank Castle shows up at the police conference and questions the police for not bringing his family 's killer 's to justice and then letting them know he has taken justice into his own hands and that he is the punisher . To quote the police officer `` Frank you 're alive ! '' and the police just let him walk away without even questioning him ... Frank had been on a constant killing spree , why in the hell would he show up there when he is wanted for murder ? In the comics Frank was always running and hiding from the law and in no way would he show up outside of a police station and make a speech . Also after doing so everyone in the entire city knows that Frank Castle is the Punisher and they all know where he lives and what apartment number ... This is just a MAJOR flaw in the script due to the fact that he is wanted by the police for multiple murders and he is wanted by the organized crime ring for the murders of it 's members ... Put it this way , if a group of gang members wanted you dead by any means necessary and knew exactly where you lived , would you just stay there until they showed up knocking on your door ? Of course not , you 'd get the hell out of town . Overall this film has nothing to do with the comic books other then the fact it 's a guy out for revenge . Since this is the case they should 've renamed the recent Denzel Washington movie `` Man on Fire '' to `` The Punisher '' ... At least in that movie Denzel Washington is as ruthless as Frank Castle is in the comics unlike Thomas Jane who when interviewed openly stated he never read a Punisher comic book and did n't know much about the character . Even though the original film was really low budget I 'd much rather see that version then this one anyday . A total disaster of a comic book icon ...
 I 'm in Tampa , where they filmed the new Punisher movie . It 's going to -LRB- ... -RRB- . You know why ? It 's filmed and takes place in Tampa ! And Mr. John `` Washed-up and ca n't read a gosh darn good script to save my Scientologist behind yet make $ 20 million dollars a movie and oh yeah thank you Quentin I 'm lucky Pulp Fiction saved me from a life of being remembered as Disco God now where 's John Woo at ? '' Travolta is in it .
 To you , who wrote that The Punisher -LRB- 2004 -RRB- will be the first Marvel Comic-Film that will bomb , I have a few questions for you : Have you seen The Hulk -LRB- 2003 -RRB- ? Have you watched Daredevil -LRB- 2003 -RRB- ? Have you watched Spiderman -LRB- 2002 -RRB- ? Have you watched Blade 2 -LRB- 2002 -RRB- ? Have you watched The League of Extraordinary Gentelmen -LRB- 2003 -RRB- ? If not , then go watch them all and then realise that The Punisher -LRB- 2004 -RRB- will be the LEAST of your worries.And to Jen , I believe in everything you said except that ... The Punisher is your favourite hero?I 've news for you
 I just rented this movie recently -LRB- Thank God that I did n't go to the theatres -RRB- and it absolutely never seizes to amaze me that movies like this and I , ROBOT get made . Who in the hell greenlights this schlock . A previous review says this is a gritty movie . Are you serious ? David Fincher - Seven . Now that 's a gritty movie . Matter of fact , I just read they are doing a sequel to The Punisher -LRB- God help us all -RRB- Why not get someone like Fincher or maybe even Robert Rodriguez in on it . That I would like to see . There was so much wrong with this movie I ca n't even begin
 The title of this video is very misleading . In fact it does not say `` Musical '' anywhere on the packaging . This is nothing more than Meryl Streep reading a childrens book with drawings on the screen and music in the background . There is no `` Musical Performance '' and Amazon.com should not represent it at such .
 BOOOO ! Do n't buy this movie . This new version sucks so bad . It 's not the original story line I remember from the book or the 1985 video adaption narrated by Meryl Streep , with music by George Winston . -LSB- ... -RSB- Buy the old version , it 's better . Seriously .
 Do not buy this or else you will be supporting robocalling.Imagine being a trauma surgeon and having an emergency phone and getting a call about a children 's movie .
 While I tried to like this film , I 'm in agreement with those reviewers who did n't like it . It 's tedious to sit and wait for something to happen . The supposed scares were lame , at best . I ca n't be as harsh on this film , as I have been on others , as it DID try to lend suspense to the proceedings , but it never gave anything that one would expect , by reading the back of the DVD case . There are other low budget horror films that deliver a whole lot more for the money.In defense of this film however , `` The 8th Plague was a notch better than `` Monster '' -LRB- no , not the one with Charlize Theron , the other one , the one with tentacles on the DVD box -RRB- .
 I just do n't get what all these people are talking about , `` Starts off slow , but it gets better '' . What a load of crap . The only good thing about this movie is that it ended . . Poor acting . . Horrible story . . The gore was fake as f & % k. . and the interview with the actors -LRB- was curious to see how embarrasing it was -RRB- , was a joke . . Avoid this movie at all costs . . If you like B movie horror , try out BORDERLAND or HIGH TENSION.Also , I 'm not a total pig , but I wanted to see some skin , the main character has a nice rack , but instead you get to see the ugly skinny girls tits . . But you hate her squeeks and over emphasized moaning so much , you really wo n't care . . THIS GETS MINUS 5 STARS .
 Another low-budget horror movie , but a pretty decent one that makes good use of it 's limited resources . As others have already pointed out , the film 's biggest flaw is the pacing , which is way off and it takes forever to get going.The story is n't too bad for a supernatural zombie movie and could probably be quite good with some extra work spent on it . Acting is wooden and stiff . All the characters seem to accept that flesh-eating zombies are all over the place without showing too much surprise or concern , but with all the zombie movies coming out these days , who can blame them?The gore fx are acceptable , but nothing remarkable . I did smile at one of the characters when he stomped on a zombie skull Resident Evil-style , though . The ending when the two sisters met was probably intended to be tragic and emotional , but instead became comedic when one of them tried a little too hard to look like a zombie . : -RRB- All in all , it 's not a bad film , but there are much better ones around . This one is much too slow for it 's own good .
 Watched about half of the movie -- and I use the word `` movie '' loosely here -- before I decided to commit suicide out of boredom.Don ' t wast your money on this turkey .
 Good actors and great sets can not salvage a lame little story filled with Hollywood clich&eacute;s . I 'm not sure I 've ever seen a film with so many of the hoary old set-pieces
 After waiting months for the dvd due to delays in the release I was hugely disappointed . I was expecting a comedy type video with all the reviews i read on here , but i found nothing funny in the film at all .
 Purchased this in good faith , I 've ordered before and liked my purchases.But this movie nothing , it was like a old silent movie , like the mute was on but it was not.Really was looking forward to watching movie , But ...
 Do n't even waste your money or time ... just not funny AT ALL !! ... total failure ... did not watch it to the end , just could not ... . he 'll never get it any better than Borat ...
 Saw this movie at the theaters . Some older people and people with children left the theater within the first five minutes of opening . It was disgusting and disturbing at the same time.The only reason I watched the entire movie was because I paid for the ticket and felt that I had to get at least some of my money 's worth . You can not pay me to watch this movie again .
 hey just wanted to add my 2 cents i rented this movie because i loved borat bruno however does have its funny moments it goes a little too far with the sexual humor i dont mind the sex bits but this movie has too many total overkill and it took away from the movie any who the scenes involving little oj are the most funny
 This is the first movie I have rented from Amazon 's Video on Demand and I was very disappointed because the volume of the movie was n't loud enough to hear easily , despite the VOD and computer 's volume being maxed . I do n't plan on renting from them again , I will just go to red box ... at least I know I will be able to hear the movie and it 's cheaper !
 Synopsis
 This movie was absolutely awful . As a HUGE fan of Borat , I was expecting a lot out of this movie , but this went way too far . What a complete waste of 80 minutes .
 personally i bought this movie before i saw it and i want my money back i loved borat that was a halarious movie but this i would strongly recomend renting , dont waste 20 $ on it
 You will lose over an hour of your life on this crap . It 's not worth it .
 I went to see this in theaters and I wished i did n't . The first 15 minutes of this movie I wanted to walk out of the theaters because it was distrubing as far as the main character -LRB- Bruno -RRB- having a very homosexual lifestyle , but I was with my brother at the time so I just endured it and stayed . Small parts of the movie were funny and pretty bad as far as being prejudice . Other than that it was pretty awful . I would n't watch it again . Comedy movies are just not funny anymore !
 This is by far one of the WORST movies I ever tried to watch . I rented it - what a huge waste of $ 5 . I could n't even finish watching this piece of garbage , it was so incredibly stupid and just plain disgusting . I thought `` Borat '' was a riot - this was just AWFUL . Do n't waste your time or money on this piece of garbage .
 This movie is the biggest piece of crap and waste of my time . I only bought the stupid thing because my husband likes it . Sacha really needs to find something else to do . I ca n't believe that he has been able to fool so many people in the world with two different characters . And somebody paid him good money to do this . And he will definately go to some fiery inferno when he dies.You know now that I think about it , why am I even wasting my time writing a review for this ? It was crap , put it that way and I would rather have somebody poke me in the eye with hot pokers than watch that or anything of the like again .
 I am no prude by any means so my review is not based on the sexual nature of the film . HOWEVER , if you even have the slightest `` homophobia '' , this film is n't for you . AND PLEASE - NO KIDS ! Very BORING movie and ca n't believe I sat through the entire thing . Guess I was waiting for it to get better ? I love to laugh , and my husband as well , but just did n't get what was so funny ???? In speaking with my friends and family , nobody I know was able to sit through it - just shut it off so I know we are not the only ones . Definitely not worth the time or money . What a waste of talent !!!
 I viewed this DVD for maybe 10 minutes before rolling my eyes and turning it off . I purchased it for an adult friend who said he loved it . I guess I do n't understand my friend .
 The problem with the film is that it 's a rigged game - the deck is stacked . The movie plays out as follows
 I loved Borat and the Ali G show , which both worked because it was mainly about others reacting to Cohens characters - that 's where the humour is . Bruno has far too much of Bruno being crass and stupid.Scenes like the velcro suit at the Milan fashion show should have been hillarious , but were really short and flat.There are brief moments of genius and it gets better towards the end , but I do n't get how it earned the accolade ` Funnier than Borat ' . I was tempted to turn it off after the first few minutes and throw it out , even though it was a Christmas gift - I 'm not sure it 's going to get a second viewing .
 The review at the top of bruno says it 's `` funnier than Borat . '' The writer Owen Gleiberman should never be allowed to write another review ever again . This is n't funnier than Borat , not by a long shot . The humor here seems forced and labored . Sasha Baron Cohen is trying way too hard . Borat was politically incorrect , offensive and funny . Bruno was offensive and just plain stupid . 30 minutes into the film I could n't watch anymore and felt the need to turn if off .
 Sasha Baron Cohen is not as funny as he seems to think he is . I am not a prude but too much of the film is devoted to gross-out gags . I am offended by the time I wasted in watching this film .
 Wow wow wow !! I dont mind a little racism some times , but come on , Borat was great it was really funny . This just went way to far sexually , I even like sexuality but it went over the top . IT was hard to watch to me I did n't even want to fisish it . I am glad I did not spend my hard earned money to see this crap in theaters.Sorry Sacha , This one was too much . He is funny in other things though . I hope the new one coming out wont be this bad it looks funnier .
 I should have read reviews and also thought to myself why is this movie only $ 3 . But I watched it and did n't finish it cause it was just to `` try hard '' . They took the movie Borat , changed the character and tried to make another movie with it . Nope this would have been funny if it was like a bunch of his different characters and bruno was just a 5 minute bit .
 I had high hopes for a serious laugh-a-thon when I ordered this film ... boy was I disappointed.I thoroughly enjoyed both the UK and HBO TV series of Ali-G as well as the Borat movie . Bruno on the otherhand , was tasteless and completely unfunny.I 'd recommend that the reader of this review spend their money on Mr. Cohen 's much funnier earlier works .
 What can I say ... Just plain horrible ... Is it too late to give the DVD back to my sister ... ?
 Terrible terrible experience with Amazon . I bought this on Black Friday . Got a great deal , but they sent me a bad copy of the dvd . For starters , when I got the dvd it was rolling around loose inside of its case . When I tried to watch the dvd it skips allllllllllllll the way through the movie . I have seen the movie before at the theatre when it came out , so the movie is hilarious as far as that goes , just had a bad experience with Amazon on this one .
 I liked Borat , I thought that the duping was credible . I found this film actually not really about duping but about Cohen 's paranoia that probably has been building over the years by his playing Ali G and Borat . It reminded me of BBC documentaries about trying to investigate the Church of Scientology , well Cohen uses a few dialogic tricks or uses his body to suspend what might be a credible interview into a reason to gain an outrageous response , ok , so what ? Going in front of a TV audience with a baby and saying things that will outrage an audience would seem to make the baby , as he grows up , never want to see that footage of him being filmed ... even if it does , he still will not have had a choice about it -LRB- his experience , at such a young age , will be of aggression towards someone who was holding him and displaying him - why ? so Cohen can make a few more bucks ? -RRB- I do n't really care that much about gayness or the non-gayness -LRB- anything about the gayness -RRB- - it was n't really about that . I do n't think Cohen really cared . The gayness - trying to become straight , but not really , just seemed like Cohen being paranoid . The whole thing was a catharsis for Cohen , why watch someone 's attempt at dealing with a psychological state , albeit with a bit of fun ? Things like repeating ` do n't look at my crotch , lets keep this professional ' - make me think just , ` so what ? ' I kept on thinking why am I actually watching this ? If I want paranoia all I have to do is flip around on youtube , or facebook , or spend some time around humanities academics . Lastly it has to be said , about Cohen or anyone else , its not funny to make jokes about Hitler and the Nazis any more . It was ok for people who survived that surreal period in history to make jokes about him , or the SS . Not now . I could n't care less if Cohen 's Jewishness makes him think he is entitled to do that . If the Nazis were as camp as Bruno , it also has to be remembered that the campiness of the Nazis -LRB- if they could be described that way -RRB- created an atmosphere of charisma that lead to just banal murder on an industrial scale . Bruno 's campiness is just banal , and not even in an interesting or funny way .
 BrunoSynopsisI 'm not really sure . Bruno tried to make a sex tape with Ron Paul at one point , but I ca n't really think of a plot ... ReviewBruno is the kind of movie that I like to watch while doing something else . It 's uncomfortable , it 's weird , there 's no real plot to follow . The funniest part in my mind involved male genitalia swinging in different directions , but that 's because I think wang is funny.My ReccomendationWe watched this because it was the only thing on TV at the moment . I would say only watch it if you have nothing else to do
 Cut out all the disgusting pieces , and you might have a good 15 minute bit on the Comedy Channel .
 Big Fan of the Ali G show but forget this movie . First five minutes were so raunchy that I did n't even bother to watch more than 15 minutes of this horrible spoof . Borat was a hilarious movie -LRB- although the naked men running around was a little much -RRB- but I think this movie had to stretch to find filler material to add minutes to the length of the movie ... Sacha . . you can only fool ` real people ' for one big movie ... which is why Borat was great .
 If you enjoy racisim , stupidity , lots of male nudity , and no plot what so ever than this is the movie for you . Seriously I could n't be more clear that this movie is n't worth even thinking about maybe watching . Please join the boycott against these types of movies , actors , and general decline in american entertainment
 Ok , this moveie is chock full of sexual inuendos and absolutly disgusting scenes showing hairy nuts ! I would not wish this movie to be watched by my worst enemy .
 If you were wondering what direction America is going , then take a look at this movie . This is the reason liberals should move to Canada .
 This is the very sort of `` entertainment '' our ailing world can do without , the DNA of what ails the present human condition .
 I really wanted to give Sasha Baron Cohen the benefit of the doubt while viewing this film . I really wanted to understand what he was trying to say . In my humble opinion , this film is disgusting through and through . Except for the VERY short part of Bruno going to interview a supposed terrorist , this film should be rated X rather than R . It is a porno film rather than the smart interesting social commentary I expected . I think i will never watch anything done by Sasha Baron Cohen again . Creepy . . just creepy ...
 S. B. Cohen is a talented comic -LRB- Cambridge graduate -RRB- who spends all his talents on covert reengineering of social norms toward hard-core `` political correctness '' du jour . Cohen is a Socialist-Zionist trained in Israeli Kibbutzim . He has honed his skills in offensive and cruel mockery of anything and everything that is traditionally considered decent . And in his endeavors against decency Cohen takes no prisoners.S . B. Cohen pretends to be seriously unintelligent in tricking people , using their natural politeness and their natural tendency to help a stranger , only to bring them down to his own level of pretended stupidity , and then plays nasty with them , because he is so much more cunning than one would ever suspect . This M.O. became Cohen 's hallmark played throughout the Ali G shows , Borat and Bruno.As much as the people on screen , who had the misfortune to meet with Cohen , unwittingly played into his trickery , so the viewers of his films are being duped into buying his political agendas . Some situations accidentally come out pretty humorous but great majority of the tricks are plain disgusting . Revolting , repulsive , repugnant , abhorrent , and certainly not funny - take your pick -LRB- s -RRB- - with political agendas on the sides , underneath and on the top.Two thumbs down .
 I loved Borat . It may be one of the funniest movies I have ever seen . The idea of drawing out unsuspecting people to expose their barely-hidden racism and ignorance was brilliant , and Cohen executed it flawlessly . The other scenes , like the nude fight , were also hilarious . So I approached Bruno with similar expectations . I should have expected to be disappointed , as Borat 's brilliance could n't be repeated . A few of the sex scenes with Bruno and his boyfriend at the beginning were absurd enough to be amusing , but the movie went downhill from there . Cohen was clearly trying to get a rise out of homophobes , and did n't succeed . The Westboro Baptist Church encounter was pointless - people frequently act flamboyantly in front of the WBC ; they are used to it and are n't going to react . The sequence with the `` pray the gay away '' counselor was n't interesting either - again , the pastor was clearly so repressed that he was incapable of responding to Cohen 's insulting questions and propositioning . The Straight Dave sequence was distracting in that I could n't help wondering how Cohen got everyone to attend - you 'd have to pay people to show up at a show by someone they never heard of . I also suspect that everyone was instructed to start yelling at the end when Cohen was making out with his assistant.Then , at the very end of the film , Cohen lost his nerve . I would have really enjoyed seeing him embarrass real celebrities , but of course Cohen knows who his friends are , and is n't going to alienate anyone important - only unsuspecting rubes.By now , Cohen is so well-known that he ca n't get away with this anymore , thus , in his newest film `` The Dictator , '' he plays a conventionally-scripted character . I would n't expect much from that either - just more Hitler references and humiliation . `` What do I do with this ? ''
 i just watched this trashy flick , as i enjoyed watching him on `` borat '' . but , this is the most stupid and racist movie i ever watched.i will never patronize any of his flick anymore.i really regret buying it , even though i 'm gay !
 I understand that this childish movie was supposed to be funny and intentionally offensive , pushing the boundaries of the rating system . But it was just ok . I snortled a couple times . I supposed if you like Punk 'd and celebrity practical jokes , this might be your movie.The one thing I can really appreciate is how he got people into the film and attempted to twist it into the story . But the story itself around Bruno was a huge let down - including Sacha prancing around like an arse . Whatever . Sacha , you owe me 1 1/2 hours of my life back , you moron . Or maybe I 'm the moron ... I ca n't give it one star because I did choke on the full hour and half -LRB- nearly -RRB- of it . It was like watching a car catch fire along the freeway .
 Do n't waste your time and definitely do n't waste any real money on this . It is not funny , no matter how you try . It would not be funny if you watched it again , pure rubbish plain and simple . Shocking not , just cheap ! If you want a shocking movie that at least IS funny you should get `` Pink Flamingos '' by John Waters . You do need an open mind for that one .
 I absolutely hated this movie ! and I 'm not one to be easily offended but there was just one too many toilet humor for it to be considered funny . I watched it hoping to get the same results as Borat , Bruno was nothing compared to that .
 This movie is simply horrible . I loved Borat and found it hysterical . However , this one does the exact opposite . Instead of exposing homophobia in a funny and light hearted kind of way , Burno creates more homophobia and affirms `` gay stereotypes '' . I feel this movie portrays homosexuals in a negative way . This movie only reinforces what homophobes already think and feel . If you like watching an hour and a 1/2 of literally penis in your face , and this idiot running around half naked -LRB- or completely naked -RRB- then this movie is for you . What he does is not funny and quite harmful to the homosexual community .
 Its hard to tell if Bruno is a modern social commentary on homophobia , or simply one long gay joke , using the homosexual male as a punching bag for cheep laughs and gags . I 'm on the fence , and because I 'm on the fence , I 'm disappointed in this movie . Bruno was a character in the very known but rarely seen Da Ali G Show . His gags always were a play on homosexuality , in that he was often playing on the homophobia of the deep south , conservative , or frat boys , using the fear and uncomfortableness with homosexuality as a funny and social commentary . The movie seems to never balance this comedy in the same way . While there are many very funny parts along these lines -LRB- the gay converters springs to mind -RRB- , they are bookended with jokes at the expense of gay men . Sure , some will find this funny , but its an old type of humor that really promotes the behavior of the homophobic that the movie seems to condemn.Other than this , the movie is watchable , though not particularly great . There are moments that are very funny , but many times I felt that the movie was trying to out gross and out offend Borat . As if the bar had been set , and the only way to be funny is be more shocking than before . This resulted in a number of gags fall flat , or simply exist to offend . Am I expecting too much from the guys who brought the world Borat ? Probably . But that does n't change that this movie was made a mediocre movie as a result.Overall , the movie has its moments , but never succeeds in becoming something special . If you 're looking for a comedy based on shock jokes , you might want to watch it . Otherwise , probably best to watch something else .
 Bruno
 As a whole , this was an absolutely terrible movie . However , with that said , a few parts of the movie were funnier than anything I 've seen in a LONG time . One part in particular had me laughing so hard , I had to put it on pause and laugh it out for 5 minutes.About half of the movies/jokes did n't go over very well , and ended up being filler in the movie , even though that was n't the intention . Unfortunately , with a film like this , part of the humor is the people 's reaction to Bruno 's antics.The shock value in this movie is through the roof . I 've read other reviewers say it and I 'll say it as well
 It seems from the reviews here people either love the film -LRB- social satire , etc -RRB- or hate it -LRB- bad humor , pornographic -RRB- . At least to me , these POVs are peripheral to the main character of this ` film ' , which is Cohen 's psyche.Cohen 's gig is to bring out the foibles in ` fellow ' humans so that they can be mocked . The man is basically a sociopath who makes a living using other people , shocking them and , if at all possible , degrading them . In Bruno and Borat , the man wreaked havoc across lives of dozens of ordinary people so that HE could have his 5 minutes in the sun . That , my friends , is psychopathy . Is it such a revelation that some people are racist and others homophobic ? Do you feel better about yourself after watching those hapless swingers , hillbillies and Ron Paul?Watching the film we laughed - like you did - yet all i feel now is emptiness . There seems to be a fundamental ugliness within Cohen himself , like the man has a dirty soul which soils everything it touches . We laugh , but we laugh from that dark place filled with Schadenfreude of the unlived adolescent . Cohen understands that very well and panders to it , with his hordes of lawyers and enablers . So I would not call this comedy , or ` film ' . It is more of a morality play along the lines of medieval jesters , Fools Nights and saturnalia when human deviancy was allowed to touch the light of the day . Only , with Sacha , deviancy is the norm , and on the surface . Too bad for his friends . And audiences .
 Although this movie has gleaned some astonishingly favorable reviews here on Amazon , my opinion differs signficantly from the majority . In short , this is a boring and empty movie that tries to be funny through deploying bad taste to the extreme but ends up looking like something a 10-year-old might have thrown together . Whereas Borat was genuinely funny in many places , Bruno is just dull and flat and empty . Not worth the price of a rental - in fact , not really worth the time taken to read the title sequence .
 As a fan of `` Its Always Sunny In Philadelphia '' and `` South Park '' , I am totally on board with offensive and raunchy humor . Unfortunately Bruno is just plain stupid . Any idiot with a video camera could have made this movie . The attempt at sarcastic humor is so lame . Sure , there are a few moments in the film that make you smile because its so ridiculous -LRB- like the scenes with the adopted black baby -RRB- but this is not something to add to your movie collection . Some of what made Borat funny are the people 's reactions that he came in contact with during the film . But in this film , you can actually feel sorry for these people . Bruno was being completely vulgar and these people were actually polite for the most part . In contrast with Borat , Bruno is also NOT a likeable character . I was just waiting for the film to end . Just a sidenote , this film also felt more like a movie and less of a mockumentary like Borat . The extra dramatic elements bored me . Too bad for Cohen . I guess this film was just over my head because I did n't get the point of it at all.I will warn you that this film does have very graphic sexual content and male nudity that is very in your face so if you 're usually a laid back kind of parent that allows your kids to watch R rated movies , you may want to watch this one on your own first to see if this is appropriate for your family .
 Dull , boring and sorely lacking in shock value . In fact , the pre-release hype and publicity were much more funny and exciting than this insipid film . I fail to see the appeal . Moreover , there is something of a cruel and sadistic streak to ambushing , intimidating and provoking innocent onlookers into becoming unwilling participants in a humorless farce .
 I rented this movie and I did not pay for it.However , it was such a waste of time , that it was not even worth watching it for free.I have gay family members and friends who I love . I just do n't see the humour . I would think there might be a backlash against gays from folks who see might see the 4 guys in the hot tub holding up what appears to be a baby upside down in front of someone 's face , as gay values . To be gay is not to be a pedophile.This movie presents homosexuality in a gross offensive perverted way . It should have been more appropriately rated XXX instead of R , and a MATURE or ADULT label put on the cover.I truly did not know what was I about to see . Who is responsible for rating this film ? ... And it would be better kept behind the counter or in an Adult section of the video store , rather than being placed in the rental store along with other more acceptable movies.Fun is when folks laugh together . What is funny about folks being embarrassed , offended and trapped into appearing in this movie ... This is the worst movie that I have seen , up there with Hostel and Grizzly .
 If you need to expose yourself in order to expose bigotry , you 're really just provoking it . And thats all the Bruno character does . The movie tries to win a few laughs by trying to corner heterosexuals with an overdose of homosexuality . If you laughed at certain parts of this movie then you think sexual harrasment is funny . Poor taste , the movie is trash .
 i very often watch evey movie I pay for ... could n't do it.this movie had NO plot that made anything funny . It was a ripoff of the last one he made that did not make me laugh . I like the last movie but will not need to watch this crap againdo n't do it even if you want too ... it will be a waste of time and you will find yourself doing what i did ... using your fast forward !
 This is by far the worst movie I 've ever seen in my life . No lie . What a waste of $ 3.99 for the rental . Save your money . ZERO stars !
 Absolutely ridiculous . This movie is filled with a bevy of `` OMG !!!! '' moments , which could be putting it mildly . ATTENTION ! ATTENTION ! THIS IS NOT A MOVIE FOR CHILDREN . Therefore , please DO NOT allow your minor children to get their hands on this movie . Further , DO NOT ATTEMPT TO WATCH THIS MOVIE WITH THEM ON FAMILY MOVIE NIGHT . Please do n't . You will ALL be sorry .
 This movie is absolutely terrible . Unless you enjoy male frontal nudity this is not the movie for you .
 What did I miss ? Were others watching a different movie and I received the wrong DVD in the box ? I was determined to watch the whole movie , as I was sure that something would change ; the only thing that changed was my impression of the film went to worst . How did they trick so many stars to appear in this film that appears to be written and produced by some 13-year old boy .
 In Sacha Baron Cohen 's BRUNO , the British comedian brings his eponymous character , a gay Austrian fashion reporter , to the big screen . After a scandal that sees the cancellation of his hit German-language show `` Funkyzeit mit Bruno '' , the flamboyant journalist moves to America to make it big , and as always with Cohen the comedy mainly consists of interactions with everyday people completely unaware that Bruno is a put-on . I have to say , enjoyed the Bruno sketches on Cohen 's television series a lot more than this film . The problem starts with the way Cohen has redesigned the character . The television Bruno was suave and likeable -- women wanted him and men wanted to be him . You chuckled at how successfully he mingled in the fashion world when his own dress was so different . The new film Bruno , on the other hand , is rather pitiful , and the mixture of German and English he uses is unbelievable and obnoxious . The Bruno television sketches had a nice balance of lampooning the vacuous minds of the fashion industry -LRB- `` cardboard theme '' , anyone ? -RRB- and the exaggerated discomfort of some people with behavior perceived as gay , but in making this film Cohen has chosen to go entirely with the gay issue , which ca n't sustain the whole movie on its own.Hollywood comedies of late seem to be edited in a wildly inconsistent way , where scenes that might have been extremely funny end up heavily truncated and lose their punch . In a gag towards the end where Bruno calls a hotel attendant to his room only to reveal that he 's locked to his lover in an outlandish S&M ; outfit and has lost the key , one gets the impression that this would have been funnier had the camera only been allowed to fully survey the bizarre setup of the room.There were numerous times that I laughed during this film , but I mainly think of it as an opportunity wasted .
 It 's kinda funny . Not nearly as much as Borat , just rate it as ok . Definitely not worth more than a $ 5 pay per view home watch .
 I expected the movie to be funny and stupid because of the creator , but it proved to be a little too extreme for me . It was funny and unbelievable at the same time . I could n't believe that people agreed to participate -LRB- knowingly or unknowingly -RRB- . I did n't like this film that much .
 After seeing and loving Borat , I had to see Sasha Baron Cohen 's next movie , Bruno . My friends who saw the movie in theaters gave me mixed reviews , but none of them disliked the movie , so I expected it to be a tier below Borat.Boy , was I wrong.Problems abound , but the main one seems to be that Cohen is trying to top himself by using a formula set up by Borat . He uses cluelessness to make his character get into a variety of insane situations . His friendship and/or love affair seems to disintegrate due to constant abuse only to be reunited near the end of the movie . Even his targets seem to be the same . The redneck rodeo scene from Borat parallels the redneck wrestling scene in Bruno.The format just does n't work for various reasons . We simply do n't care for Bruno the way we cared for Borat , which makes sitting through this man 's hijinx difficult . Also , the funny situations seem to be staged , and I suspect many of them were . In a world of prank-based reality shows , it is no wonder people are wary of a 6 ' 3 '' eccentric gay man with a put-on German accent.Shock can indeed be funny , but only if it is correctly played , and instead of simply being funny through outrageous actions , it seems that Cohen is trying to be shocking , and that is neither funny or entertaining.The trailers included some of the best bits of comedy in the movie.There are a few laughs that could n't be previewed because of their raucousness , but the few laughs that are present in the movie are n't worth sitting through the rest of it for . This movie was highly disappointing .
 not what I expected . not my kind of humor . oh well . you do n't know until you watch it . win some and lose some . did n't like it at all .
 Br&uuml;no is one of Sasha Baron Cohen 's great characters and without doubt the most `` fabulous '' . The film can not escape being compared to Borat since both are based around an outlandish character and peoples reactions to it and the films are built up in a very similar manner , Br&uuml;no and his sidekick travel about and have a series of adventures.In parts the movie is very funny but too many times it goes way over the top . Certainly this is in the build up of Br&uuml;no 's character but it stops being funny and becomes painful . Seeing how its best parts and cleverly paced humour can be so good it is hard to see such potential wasted.At the end it does n't come close to Borat and the 18 classification is deserved.Possibly a watcher -LRB- not for the faint of heart nor if you object to homophobic humour -RRB- but not a keeper .
 It 's not about the money so much . But I 'll never get those moments of my life back . Or those images out of my head .
 I like his films but this was n't so funny . The one with the dictator was really funny , but not this one .
 While I have enjoyed some of his other material , this particular movie is a piece of junk . Could not continue after a little while .
 Sometimes I wonder why we put our soldiers in harms way to defend the freedoms of our constitution . This video is a gross unpleasant defense of the right to choose homosexuality , or a defense of homosexuality as nature . I do n't mind homosexuality , but what a waste of time , money , and energy ... . Pick up a book and read .
 Borat was bad ... Bruno is worse . A total waste of film stock . Save your time and money .
 All copies of this movie must be recalled , put on a rocket , and fired into the sun .
 Just another assault , by the certain interests and groups in relentless , thousand years old quest , to kill moral , aesthetic , and ethical values of majority ... Be stupid enough , and pay for it !
 I had high hopes that this movie was going to be a riot . However , I was let down . This movie was not that great . It just did n't do it for me . I found it rather dull . I only laughed at a few parts . Not one to buy for sure . I do n't even think it is worth a rental .
 If ever there is an example of success in Cool Hunting , NBC is lost in the woods . In a desparate attempt and willingness to try anything for corporate profit , this made for the trashcan movie , direct to the dump , waste of precious time deserves not a moment of praise.Wait , Wait . Surely as a parent evaluating movies , I can find some redeeming value . What is the most positive thing I can find in this tripe ? Ummmmmm ... color saturation of the digital images is stellar ... . Well I can be sure that quote will make the highlight reel . Usually I can take the bad parts of trash and use them to educate about bad sterotypical images , lack of beauty and meaning , class struggles , etc. . I 'm selling my NBC stock today . I ca n't wait to see the financials . Any success would just confirm the lows that we have sunk to in free speach and artistic expression . Thankfully no celluloid was harmed in the making of this pain in the brain . Look for this in the best of the worst categories soon , IMHO.I found this movie in a Google alerts search for my departed mentor -LRB- robertbruno -LRB- dot -RRB- com -RRB- and find this title an offense to the name of Bruno . I feel hoodwinked like the AliG interview with Chomsky . Watching this movie made me feel like Atticus dealing with Mayella Ewell , angry with sympathy . Was there nothing that Atticus could of done ?
 What a total waste of money . Borat at least had humor . This movie is in such bad taste I have a hard time believing someone would even make it . I 'm ashamed to say I wasted my money . I wish I had known before I bought it that it was disgusting with a total lack of entertainment value . Shame on me .
 I did n't have high hopes for this movie . I saw Borat once , and that was enough . Bruno is the same way . I do n't ever have to see it again . I think this movie was more shock-value-driven than anything .
 Save your money and your time . I get what he was trying to do , but I think all he managed to accomplish was to lower the bar for comedy .
 What an awful movie . Not funny , not witty , not clever , just bad taste . I liked Borat and was looking forward to Bruno . To say that I was disappointed is putting it mildly . It had potential - I liked the idea , but the movie was dreadful .
 A waste of time and I will never be able to get that time back , This was one of the all time worst movies . I didnt mind Borat but this movie was just stupid .
 This movie subtracts from the sum total of human knowledge . It is pointless , disgusting , idiotic , moronic , and the product of sick minds . Cohen does not pass for acting anymore than what I deposit in the toilet every morning . This movie may appeal to mindless teenage slugs . I too was hoping for another Borat type of movie -LRB- which was n't so great either -RRB- . What I got was a complete waste of money . I am having a hard time coming up with anything to say other than the movie is sickening , revolting , and deranged . If you are considering watching this movie -LRB- video on demand -RRB- or buying it , you are throwing away your money.After watching this movie , I have concluded that Hollywood is completely incapable of making a good movie . It 's all trash and idiocy . Hollywood writers should go on a permanent strike . I wo n't be watching any more Cohen movies . The man -LRB- Cohen -RRB- has a serious mental problem .
 Although Borat had its funny moments , Sacha Baron Cohen has create a new movie that is totally gross and disgusting , portrays gays in the absolute worst possible light , just bad , bad , bad . In his eyes all human beings are leg-humping dogs or worse - makes you want to embrace celibacy . The worst porno is more tasteful than this . Do n't waste your time and/or money .
 You know if someone were to warn me tell me to , `` expect the worst '' I still would have been shocked with the stuff i seen in this movie . Ya there were parts in this movie that left me temp . blind and running to the restroom . `` Do Not '' waste your money
 Honestly , I 'm quite a fan of Borat . No , I do n't sit there and make a weekly appt with my dvd player , but it was funny . It was real life with a plot point on how close-minded some Americans are and how different cultures act in different circumstances . Br&uuml;no , however , seemed completely pointless . I suppose the underlying plot was how people react to homosexuality -LRB- and sex/censorship -RRB- , but the way it was presented was not at all like Borat . It just seemed like he wanted to make a movie with a lot of male genitalia flashing about . I laughed at some parts -LRB- hence the 2 stars -RRB- , but mostly was just wondering why he was doing what he was doing and when the movie was going to be over . Too bad . : -RRB-
 This movie was terrible , most of the movie was about a guy going way over board about being gay . I think this movie was a disgrace to all the gay people in the world . When I ordered this movie I did n't know it was going to be about a gay guy making lewd acts that was n't funny throughout the movie . This movie was so disgusting I had to turn it off half way through the movie . If you are into softcore gay porn you would love this movie but if not DO NOT buy this movie it would be a waste of money . I liked Borat , but Sasha made a movie that was not funny in Bruno.Br&uuml;no -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
 I thought Borat was great , which gave us a look into some of the less talked about aspects of American culture
 With so many releases of The Lost World 1925 available , what makes this one the one I should buy ? Does it have a better picture than the restored version ? Does it have a better soundtrack than any of the other versions ? Because if there is one thing this movie suffers from it 's a lousy soundtrack . I 've heard six different soundtracks , and they 're all terrible . Does it have bonus features not found elsewhere ? Tell me , why should I drop up to 15 dollars on a cheap dvd-r when professional dvds are available at a lower cost . You see , after taking a bath with a2zcds `` remastered '' ripoff I am very cautious about what I buy . So once again I ask , WHY SHOULD I BUY THIS EDITION ?
 In BREAKDOWN , Kurt Russell and Amy Quinlan play a wealthy New England couple who find horror in Iowa . While driving cross-country , their car breaks down . The various local people they meet who initially seem helpful are in fact criminals working together . The wife is kidnapped , the husband is told to pay half a million to get her back alive , and Kurt Russell decides he 'd rather fight.I found this a rather lame movie . Its believability goes way down when , for example , Kurt Russell rides on the bottom of a moving truck trailer and easily finds his way up to the cab . There obvious continuity and other errors here
 One of the worst movies I have ever seen from the 90 's the performances were great but the whole plot was n't . - the main character cuts somebody off in the middle of nowhere , when they get to a gas station the redneck con artist are able to disable his vehicle with two wires they go underneath a jeep Cherokee , never heard of it - His car breaks down off the road and a truck driver offers a ride for his wife while Kurt stays behind with the car . Afterwards he is able to reconnect the wires that made his car stall and head to the diner where the truck driver says he was taking his wife - Like much of those dumb teenage horror flicks where the whole town is on the crime , no one tells him anything so goes chasing after the truck driver . - He finds the truck driver and stops a patrol vehicle , the truck driver says he has never scene Kurt or his wife before . Instead of kicking his ass all over the freeway he cries to the officer . He should have demanded that the pull prints off his truck since it would prove that she was in the cab - Then it turns into some dumb ransom crap because a guy that drives a jeep grand Cherokee from Boston is apparently rich .
 This movie was preposterous , an unbelievably unpleasant film . The idea that this roving gang has the wherewithal -LRB- and the organization -RRB- to terrorize people passing through makes no sense . Kurt Russell is fine and Kathleen Quinlan does what she can with a thankless role , but I found the movie got sillier with each passing moment . For instance
 If you were a man whose car broke down in the middle of nowhere , would you just allow your wife to get in some stranger 's truck to get help while you stayed behind with the car ? Does n't it make you suspicious when someone else 's cell phone -LRB- the bad guys -RRB- works in the middle of the desert but yours -LRB- the good guys -RRB- does n't ? So , so , so many unrealistic and stupid things happen in this pathetic and worthless film . Kurt Russell is horrible and the script makes him look like an incompetent idiot who can barely take care of himself and then loses his wife to a group of amateur con-men . Kathleen Quinlan as his wife is not much better . She can do a lot better than this . The only decent part is JT Walsh as the diabolical truck driver and mastermind of the plot to kill Russell and Quinlan . And after their characters ' stupid behaviour in this film it is no wonder that they are good prey .
 This movie was sent to me . I could not watch it because it was the wrong region . Not for the USA . Dissappointed .
 this movie was the most violent one in the world . they show u when kurt russell cuts this bad guy 's head . and they show u all the blood , stomach , its so disgusting . and there r other parts where those violent scenes occur . i think the end was better but still , it was too inappropriate . when kurt makes love with his wife at the beginning , they have sex and they show u them naked . dont buy this movie
 An extremely low quality DVD . No opening titles , imageclouded and barelydiscernible at times , very poor sound -LRB- assorted noises -RRB- , outrageously priced . `` Enhanced edition '' is a joke.Avoid this DVD . Buy the KINO version .
 The movie
 This Battleship Potemkin DVD is a glimpse into the lives of Russians just at the time when the era of the Tzars was coming to an end . Black and white , and a SILENT film , often a bit dull , but it will give you a perspective of Russian life that you will probably not be able to see anywhere else . Especially for fans or students of Russian history .
 Battleship Potempkin is an historic milestone , and is useful for future directors to watch , but the film itself shows too many flaws to be in itself entertaining.Eisenstein , Potempkin 's director , tried just a little too hard on this film , he was a great director because he essentially invented montage and created geography - so he could make the film mostly in the editing room rather than having to follow a script . This shows up just a little too much in battleship Potempkin.In film I want characters . Maybe one 's I can understand or even deprive horrid maniacle characters that make no sense . In Potempkin we get no characters at all , instead we get , in true comunist style , the masses shown as one mind going this way or that way all at once.I also like great performances by great actors . Eisenstein hired no actors -LRB- just extras -RRB- for his parts , and it shows . No performances stand out as even minutely expressive . No performance is close to noteworthy . Eisenstein thought the actors should n't even try.Rather , we get rapid cutting from face to face , with random violence too fast to be understood . Many have told me that this creates an empathatical confused and feargul feeling in the audience , but I just became apathetic.If you would like to see a more entertaining and equally artistic Russian film of this time , you should check out Mother . It is a beautiful story .
 A movie that contains some very clever sequences and shots , particularly those of the massacre on the steps of the city . There is n't much of a story though . It 's more a snapshot of a moment in history , that of the Russian revolution , and where as , it may have had emotional significance for the Russian audience of the time , the same can not be said for the modern viewer .
 Yes , I had seen this propaganda piece and this is all to this flick and its not my opinion but fact of life as everything from Russia is propaganda and I claim it as an ex-citizen of said/sad/junky / lousy place .
 God this film is dull . I would rather eat my own head than watch this again . Sure I know its a classic , but big deal . When will people realise that its not the olden days any more . I only want to watch films about robots fighting dracula in the future , not a bunch of dumb arse Russians moaning about food rationing . Anyone who says they actually enjoy this film is a lier !
 Most of the reviews posted here unfortunately review the film , not the product for sale . Little else can be said about Battleship Potemkin , Eisenstein 's masterpiece and one of the crown jewels of cinematic history . With all this positive karma , one would think that such a film would get a decent DVD release.Unfortunately , Battleship Potemkin does not . Granted , the film itself is wonderful , and one of my all time favorites , but this DVD transfer does not do it justice . The famous musical score , banned in many countries at the time of its release , is absent , replaced with a tinny , bombastic score composed thirty years after the fact . The Odessa Steps sequence has also been severly mangled , omitting many of the shots which stuck in my mind the first time I viewed this film so long ago.Do yourself a favor and buy a good VHS copy of this film until a good DVD comes along , hopefully from a big-name group like Kino Video or Criterion .
 Bonanza was way to soft for my taste . I agree with Pernell Roberts the writing was just plain silly . I preferred Gunsmoke , Rawhide and Wagon train .
 I have n't actually bought Bonanza Season 2 Volume 1 yet and it does not look like I will . I insist on excellent picture quality before buying a DVD and I always research the professional reviews on the Internet before buying . Most of the reviewers on Amazon who comment on how good the picture quality is on a DVD are well meaning but still amateur reviewers who do n't know what a good video picture really looks like . In 10 minutes of researching I 've already found 2 professional web sites -LRB- Home Theater Forum and DVD Talk -RRB- who say the picture quality on Season 2 Volume 1 is n't near as good as the Season 1 sets . As time goes by , more negative reviews will probably come in from other sites.I own both the Season 1 sets of Bonanza and the picture quality was excellent . I 'm sorry to hear that Season 2 does not appear to measure up . We should n't be surprised . Unfortunately , Bonanza is owned by CBS/Paramount , one of the most inconsistent video companies in the world . They have a long history of screwing up their vintage TV releases , from changing the music on The Fugitive to cutting out Jim Nabors 's songs in Gomer Pyle . Thank God the CBS/Paramount dimwits at least had the brains to farm out the video production of the recent Blu Ray Twilight Zone TV releases to Image Entertainment who did a spectacular job . To bad Image did n't get the Bonanza contract.I do n't post a negative review to hurt the feelings of the Bonanza fans on Amazon . I 'm a big Bonanza fan myself and want to see this classic TV show done right . But , all concerned fans have only one weapon to use against careless video companies like CBS ; hit them in their pocketbook . If nobody complains , they will keep turning out mediocre DVD releases . If I can keep a few people from buying this new Bonanza release with my negative review and some other reviewers join me , maybe we can get CBS 's attention . I doubt we can , but we still have to try.Lewis ForroVirginia Beach , VA
 Why does n't someone put out ALL of the episodes ? Especially the comedies like Hoss and the Leprachauns !! This collection is okay though ...
 This poor-quality collection are bootlegs that are put out and the renegades know they are guilty of copyright infringement . Jeers.For the REAL DEAL by CBS/Paramount click and buy here!Bonanza
 The only thing I do n't like about the Bananza movie collection that is on amazon . It dose not tell the actuall shows that is on the DVDs . I have been looking for two special epesodies Hoss and the Leprecons and The Flap Jack Contest . And ca n't seem to find them , if anyone nows what season these to epesodies are on could you please contact me at jesyorkys@hotmail.com because I would sure like to no . And if the people advertiseing these movies of bananza would list the epesodies that would be very helpfull and they might sell better if people new what was on them . God Bless , Jessica Milbourn
 Simply put
 These videos could have been made better . Th e videos are not as clear and the music is n't what iI remember .
 I just watched the dang Troma movie Getting Lucky . And while we 're on the dang subject of luck , let me say that I ai n't got any . My dang toilet wo n't flush , we have a dang pest problem in our house , and I ai n't been laid in a few dang months . And I have a dang bladder problem . I had to urinate two dang times just while watching this crappy movie ! Getting Lucky is from Troma , of course . I 've been a dang Troma fan since Justin Bieber was in dang diapers . Sure a lot of the dang movies they put out are crap , but I loved that dang Poultrygeist movie and a few of the dang Toxic Avenger movies . And Tales From The Crapper starring that dang sexy broad , Julie Strain . However , I did not love Getting Lucky . It 's not very dang funny , and there is n't a whole lot of dang nudity for a teen sex comedy . Heck , I 've seen more dang nudity in a hemorrhoid cream commercial . The dang bottom line is you ai n't getting lucky if you 're watching this dang movie .
 This is my first review on Amazon and I ca n't believe it is for Getting Lucky . God help me ! I bought this film with the hopes of getting a fun 80s sex-comedy romp and instead watched a piss-poor film that I forced myself to finish just so that I could attempt to write a comprehensive review . Well , this film hardly deserved it . I 'd like to clarify my position before I go further
 I bought this DVD because I was going to sell my 16mm copy of `` Way Out West '' , however after watching this copy I desided to keep my film copy . I will say that `` Block Heads '' is much better than the other two .
 I just became aware of the MAGNIFICENT box set of Laural and Hardy films , that is available in England . I must admit that years ago , I purchased both of hallmarks LAURAL AND HARDY CRAPPPY releases , and was very glad to add them to my classic comedy collecction . I was eagerly awaiting more from them , but today while looking through all the titles on those 10 classic shorts , 4 shorts per disc , -LRB- talking -RRB- , for -LSB- ... -RSB- a pop , put out on that GREAT DVD-R way , by some dubious company called Hollywood ` s Attic , and then investigating the availability of Laural and Hardys feature films , also on that GREAT system of DVD-R , buy some other equally dubious companies as Movies Unlimited , Nostalgia Home Video , Hollywood ` s Attic -LRB- again -RRB- , and Nostalgia Family Video , also selling for -LSB- ... -RSB- a pop , thats if you want the luxury of chapter stops and maybe a menu too , WOW !! Then I read the reviews of other people , and what they had to say about the two hallmark releases , and I literally started to get sick to my stomach . All this time these GREAT WORKS are available overseas and not only that but presented in wonderful quality . AMERICANS deserve to have these TREASURES , and in wonderful quality . hallmark has really made me sick . Who ever is in charge of hallmark should FIRE that JERK who is in charge of their DVD department . I WILL NEVER PURCHASE ANYTHING WITH THE WORDS HALLMARK ON THEM AGAIN , I WILL NEVER WALK INTO A HALLMARK STORE AGAIN , I WILL NEVER WATCH ANY HALLMARK MADE FOR TV MOVIE AGAIN . AS FAR AS I ` M CONCERNED THE WORD HALLMARK IS THE SAME AS CRAP !!!
 This second release of films of the great Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy by Hallmark proves beyond a shadow of a doubt how LITTLE -LRB- if at all ! -RRB- this company cares about the material it owns.They have truly made incompetence and indifference into an art form.As with their first release Hallmark has chosen again to use whatever inferior original film elements they have on hand , use the absolute basic of digital enhancement and release these as if they were indicative of the best that were available.I have seen both of these features in their European versions and can tell you without a second thought that these Hallmark releases are close to the worst that could have been released here in North America.Some specific comments : Again none of the original MGM lion openings are in these versions and the short `` Chickens Come Home '' is another `` Film Classics '' 50s release c/w opening `` plaque '' . During the dance sequence in ` Way Out West ' The Boys are shot firstly with their backs to the town.About half way through the camera turns and the saloon is now behind them.At this juncture you suddenly see the picture `` jump '' and The Boys are now dancing out of sequence to the music accompanying them -LRB- !! -RRB- , then just as they start up the stairs another `` jump '' occurs and they go back in sync.Absolutely astounding.Both of these Hallmark releases beg the question : Do they have quality control personnel ?? That is , does anyone ever just simply sit down and watch the finished product ?? The only person that might have `` passed '' them would have been Ben Turpin ... maybe.As I have stated in my review of Hallmarks ' previous L&H release all of these films are available in their original versions -LRB- and in FAR better shape than these mediocre prints/sources would indicate -RRB- . So there is NO excuse for such inferior release product such as this.When one sees Laurel and Hardys ' silent films preserved and released in far superior condition than these it has to make you wonder.When a foreign company such as Lobster Films of France can release an astoundingly clear , fresh and wonderfully transferred print of the ` Flying Deuces ' -LRB- that puts the Hallmarks to shame ! -RRB- , which is in the public domain and been through more hands than in the US Marine Corps , this also has to make you wonder.And lastly when one sees what REAL and proper film restoration is all about with the release last year of Metropolis -LRB- see my review on that -RRB- this has to convince even the most undecided that there is definitely something wrong here.And there is ... VERY wrong.Hallmark it would seem is the WRONG company to have control of the Laurel and Hardy product.They are no more interested in their subject matter than they are in obtaining the best possible prints and doing the proper restoration and digital work needed to produce a fine product that everyone can be proud of.For shame Hallmark .
 I just saw part of this DVD . I have no reason to buy it , since I have the Universal box set . A pal of mine has one of those little players with a small screen . You would think that seeing this disc on such a tiny screen would hide any defects . Wrong!Hallmark has yet again shown nothing but contempt for what is quite possibly it 's greatest artistic asset
 It is a shame that American film classics -LRB- like L and H -RRB- get more attention and love outside of the US than in it.I just bought the Universal Laurel and Hardy 21 Volume Box set which is only available in Europe from Amazon UK -LRB- region 2 -RRB- . This set is EVERYTHING people are saying it is . It is a complete film history of the boys which starts with the boys early silent films -LRB- some solo efferts -RRB- and goes though the Hal Roach Features . All the prints are restored and of pristine quality . A truly beautiful set and a worthy tribute to the boys . There are some missing films -LRB- I assume for copyright reasons -RRB- such as Babes in Toyland , The Devils Brother , Bonnie Scotland and Flying Deuces.To acomadate these DVDs I bought a region free DVD player off Amazon , which is the only way to go if you really want to collect . The DVD player was very cheap . plays beautfully and is well worth the investment . As a side note if you have a region free player all the DVDs in the Universal Box set are also availble as single dics , in case you do n't want to spend all the money at once or just want a few of the films . If you love Laurel and Hardy this is the only way to go ! Anything to screw Hallmark and the corperate monster !! Why did they buy these great films just to sit on them and distribute half-A prints !!!
 Two strikes and you 're out !!! Hallmark has botched the Laurel and Hardy catalog yet again with its new DVD monstrosity . Do n't buy Volume II unless you want less-than-decent quality . A boycott is definitely in order .
 As a public service , avoid Hallmark 's second DVD desecration of Laurel and Hardy 's classic films . Since you can find better prints from European sources , why sacrifice your money on inferior American releases ? Especially when Hallmark is willing to slap anything together for a fast buck . They have no respect for Laurel and Hardy - or film history . Perhaps it 's time to contact the Better Business Bureau .
 `` Way Out West '' is my favorite Stan & Ollie film . It is consistantly clever ; the horse on the balcony , the head under the pail , the bodies in the piano , and of course , the delightful dance sequence . Alas , I sold my really fine VHS version , expecting someone to eventually give justice to this fun romp . When do you think someone , even Criterion , will wake up and realize that quality entertainment can not be compromised , and a loving public will not settle for mediocrity ?
 This is one of the worst movies ever . It is just all around boring and the ideas are old . It is very low budget , so the specials effects are very bad . The DVD has no special features or sound options . You can only watch it in stereo sound -LRB- no 5.1 -RRB- This movie is a waist of time and money .
 if you want to check out an entertaining movie about megalodons , the 60 foot prehistoric sharks then check out shark attack 3 over this film . not much action in this film , more story driven than anything really . not a whole lot of victims and the shark looks terrible , looks like a shark that just cralwed out of its grave or somethin , not sure what they were thinkin when they put it together . would stay away from this film . jaws and shark attack and deep blue sea are the movies to go for .
 The only thing even remotely entertaining about this movie was pretending that I was on MST3K and heckling the ` actors ' and the movie in general . I read a review of Deep Blue Sea a while ago that pointed out that , while it was by no means an excellent movie , it did exactly what a Large Angry Sea Creature movie should do , which is scare you so bad that you end the movie with a tension headache . I agree completely . This movie absolutely failed in that respect . About the worst that happened is one of my legs fell asleep . I did n't relate to or even give a crud about any of the characters . Every time a character bought it , I was only glad that there was that much less bad acting to subject myself to . The two , count 'em , two times the shark actually killed anyone did n't even approach suspenseful . Bad writing , bad acting , bad effects , bad movie . I only wish that I could give this steaming pile a lower rating . Do yourself , me , and every other person who might unwittingly waste 90 minutes of their short lives on this thoroughly awful movie a favor and destroy every copy that you can find .
 so in the end nobody knows what happends and nobody knows about the huge shark!Come on people cant you do anything better!If I could I would feed the cast and crew to the shark if they had acually convinced me that this was a movie!There should have been a love story in it that did n't end in both of them dying !
 what happends next , all of them died ! EVEN THE MAGLADON ! If I could I 'd give movie no stars.I would like to take the movie and play pin the mivie on the fat ass !
 `` Shark Hunter '' another watered down `` Jaws '' -LSB- imitation -RSB- , -LSB- is weak -RSB- , -LSB- and -RSB- there was much room for improvement . An almost original idea , the lack of star power and some dopey screenwriting are what -LSB- harm -RSB- this motion picture . Let 's face it , Antonio Sabato , Jr. ca n't act his way out of a paper bag , and should not be top-billing any film . I would n't cast him as a cadaver in a medical training video . The lone actor who puts up a decent performance is Grand L. Bush , as Harrington . The skeptical sub skipper turned believer turns in a terrific performance of tough guy and comic relief . He is the source of the lonely laughs in this film that is overshadowed by poor acting . The digitally animated shark looks great , but keep in mind how poor the lighting is twenty miles below the ocean surface . They used that to their advantage to create a realistic looking megalodon shark . This film does merit a rental , given you 're not charged more than -LSB- dollar price -RSB- , but if you do n't expect too much , you wo n't be let down .
 This movie -LRB- ... -RRB- !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Their was no violence and yet it was rated R ! Jaws had much more violence and was PG ! This is without doubt a Jaws WANNABEE
 Someone needs to figure out that the world needs no more Bulgarian killer shark movies . Seriously . None more . I have now lost count of how many I have seen , but `` Shark Hunter '' -LRB- released in Finland as `` Hainmets&auml;st&auml;j&auml; '' and in Hungary as `` Sz&ouml;rnyeteg a M&eacute;lybl '' -RRB- was among the most trying for a myriad of reasons , the first being that Antonio Sabato , Jr. stars as Dr. Spencer Northcutt , a marine engineer who at the age of eleven watched his parents and their boat be eaten by a prehistoric Megalodon shark . He 's the only person to ever see one and survive , and that starts his life 's vengeful quest . Throughout the movie , he is temperamental at best and terrible in the role at worst . The film commences with vintage-looking home movies of Spencer and family frolicking in their driveway and on the boat , right before they are eaten , except for Spencer , who is just left bobbing at night in the sound stage pool ... I mean ocean ... in a life ring with nary a hair out of place . This miraculous escape was never explained , but it harkens back to such maritime greats as `` Moby Dick '' and `` Jaws , '' while foreshadowing `` Shark Attack 3 , '' another Bulgarian Megalodon adventure by three years.Right off the bat , the family is unlikeable , and that 's a trend that continues with every character in the film until the very end . The effects are not that great -LRB- the scenes on the family boat look especially bad onscreen , -RRB- although the shark is marginally better than many of the other deep sea CGI-intensive thrillers in the genre . It does n't look real , certainly , but I have certainly seen worse . Sabato is unconvincing as a marine scientist , and his masterwork , the `` Argus 177 '' is an absolutely gigantic submersible that is exactly like what someone who has never actually been on a submarine thinks a research sub should look like . I love the spacious halls , foyers , giant picture windows , and soaring spaces providing a sense of drama on the set . Or I would , except I have been on a submarine and realize how ridiculous the `` Argus '' is . There 's a backstory about Northcutt losing his corporate sponsorship of the `` Argus . '' In fact it 's such a big dramatic twist -LRB- ? -RRB- that his old pal Dr. William Arkins -LRB- Christian Toulali , although the credits misspell his name , the box gets it right -RRB- has to interrupt Northcutt 's class at the university to tell him . Toulali may be a very fine actor when speaking his native French , but when he speaks English here it just contributes to the maelstrom of bad accents -LRB- some apparently intentional , some apparently not , -RRB- and generally bad dramatics.Northcutt wo n't stand for losing the sub he designed , as an awkward dinner with Arkins and the beautiful Cheryl -LRB- Heather Marie Marsden -RRB- makes obvious . Fortunately a Megalodon bites a giant underwater diving installation and makes it blow up . To investigate , everyone in the cast boards the `` Argus '' and sets sail . At least Cheryl is cute . Please enjoy the brief subplot about a `` monster catfish ... as big as a car , '' which , by way of explanation , is revealed to be `` an analogy ... some things are not what they seem . '' Unfortunately this triggers the first of several waves of ludicrous flashbacks for Northcutt . Onboard the submarine there are many premade emotional conflicts that do n't make a lick of sense but do serve to perpetually agitate everyone . For starters , Cheryl is there as the science officer -LRB- or some such , -RRB- a job that entails a lot of whining , and makes her performance difficult to appreciate . She is ultra-grating , and despite her outward beauty , you will likely be wishing her down the gullet of the Megalodon as soon as possible . Providing more irritation is Harrington -LRB- Grand L. Bush -RRB- a mini sub pilot with a chip on his shoulder and a t-shirt that actually reads `` Caution
 This odd apparently joint Bulgarian-US production is quite astonishingly bad . It has all the appearance of being an attempt to cash in on the forthcoming film of the novel `` Meg '' , also based on the idea of the survival of the very large prehistoric shark Carachodon Megalodon in the deepest depths of the ocean -LRB- imagine a semi-trailer full of teeth where the driver usually sits and you have the general idea -RRB- . Poor plot , bad acting , terrible visual effects and a joke of a shark . What more could one not want ?
 This has the typical underwater movie plot . Animal of immense proportions lives relatively undiscovered in the sea . Only one person believes . Chaos ensues . I rented this one along with Dean Cain 's ` Dark Descent ' . First imagine my shock to find out that they are made by the same people . Not the same company , the exact same people . But that was all they had in common . This movie actually had great graphics as far as the megalodon shark was concerned . It was for the most part believable . The problem was that the story was n't about the shark . It was about Spencer Northcutt -LRB- Antonio Sabato , Jr. -RRB- and the vendetta that had ruled his life . Basically , it was like a bad soap . I love creature features , and I love horror , but I do n't like drama that pretends to be something it 's not . This movie gets one star because of Grand L. Bush 's t-shirt . -LRB- Well , and there was no lower option . -RRB- I would only advise renting this if you 're a big fan of one of the actors .
 This is a lot different from Deep Blue Sea or Shark Attack . I sort of liked the way that the shark just floated around the underwater base like a dirgible . The computer effects are better then many similar films but you do n't see as much . If you like this kind of movie you should check this out once with the fast forward nearby . It 's nice to see a pessimistic ending for a change .
 This has to be one of the worst slasher movies i 've ever seen , and i have seen a lot . Ok , the actors/actresses are good -LRB- except for Neve Campbell -RRB- , but the story is probably the worst you can imagine . The ghostkiller just looks silly running around and there 's not even one little suspenseful scene , because all the surprising attacks are so predictable . Yeah , it 's cheezy , but in the end . . , not as bad as The Mutilator .
 A sequel to a mindless teenage `` horror '' `` suspence '' cult film . What can be expected from it ? THis movie is just as unintelligent , boring , unoriginal as the first Scream . Pass on !
 I watched Scream 2 to waste some time . Now I wish I had watched some other movie except for this one . It seems like the horror genre is again being permeated by the slasher affliction that infected the eighties . At first I thought that Scream 2 did so well in theaters probably because of its handsome cast , but then again , Phantoms , a much much better non-slasher sci-fi horror film , had a more handsome cast -LRB- with a lot better performances than in Scream 2 -RRB- but had a poor outing at the box office . I can only think it 's because many teenagers seem to want to enjoy slasher flicks . It 's like they like watching some masked killer cut people up whenever he or she feels like . I have really nothing good to say about Scream 2 except for its self-parody but those times come very rare , too . I 've only seen one good slasher film and that 's Halloween . That film was an example of scaring somebody without using gore .
 I started watching this psudo-horror flick the other night and turned it off after about 45 minutes . Completely unoriginal -LRB- so called -RRB- horror courtesy of Hollywood . What ever happened to real horror flicks ! This movie was about as dull and prosaic as can be expected from a sequel . If you truly want to be terrified , rent or buy the Evil Dead . Now that 's a classic , low-budget or not .
 This movie is n't worth watching a second time . This movie was predictable and did n't have to be made in the first place becuase it was just like the first one with different characters , Its not a well done movie
 If anyone should know better than to follow a great thriller with a sequel , it is Wes Craven . But I guess the almighty dollar wins this battle every time . Scream 2 was anything but fresh and new . The plot did n't thicken , as expected . And the punchline was quite predictable . Male viewers will be attracted to the movie because of the obvious assets that Neve Campbell brings to the screen . Female viewers will be dragged to the movie with their boyfriends and husbands , but in the end , no one will leave the theater satisfied . If 6 or 7 Nightmare On Elmstreet 's did n't teach us a lesson about sequels , Scream 2 will . In closing , if you can rent this film for less than $ 3 , do so . It 's a good chuckle . Otherwise , rent Braveheart again.Chris Dilworth , Syntax Ent .
 The first one was bad enough , but they had to make a second one . Too violent , too freaky , and too disgusting . Only good point is seeing Neve Campbell get hurt .
 Scream 2 is an example of how bad the slasher genre is . It lacks the creativity of other much , much better horror films such as The Evil Dead trilogy and George Romero films . Scream 2 is n't really bad at first , but the main problem is the fact that the killer 's identity is n't very surprising . But then the acting gets very bad , and all the likeable characters are killed off . This movie has a lot of jump scenes -LRB- I mean a lot -RRB- but it does n't make the movie scary , just annoying .
 SCREAM 2 all I have to say about it is do n't waste your money SCREAM was okay but this is the pits . I mean NEVE CAMPBELL just seems to be going through the motions . To me it seemed like she was bored as did the rest of the cast . And there was too much emphises on gore as well I wo n't say which parts just watch and see what I mean and by the way people who do n't like this film are n't moronic and stupid they are just giving thier opinion so cool it !!!
 I think that this movie is not that good , its one of the most overrated movies I have seen .
 Just another slasher flick attempting to be hip . It will probably appeal the most to people who think that talentless ` hotties ' from ` Party of Five ' or ' 90210 ' can act.This is NOT a horror movie . Horror movies have the elements of suspense and the supernatural . Watch movies with Vincent Price or Christopher Lee if you want to see horror movies . Scream2 is devoid of suspense or acting talent .
 so bad it 's funny , no punch at all ahahahahahaha i cant believe it wow . so so so bad it 's so so so so so funny
 The movie `` Scream 2 '' is basically just like `` Scream '' . Neither movie is very effective because when the killers ' identities are revealed , the movie becomes ineffective as a horror film.The killers lack any kind of credibility and are completely unconvincing in their roles . This movie also lacks originality , and in all honesty , really is not much different than the first . In fact , the twist at the ending regarding the first killer 's mother is exceptionally bogus.I really , really , really wanted to like this series because it did have potential , but look at these killers ? What a bunch of pu $ $ ees !!
 I 'm not going to lie , the only reason I saw Scream was because MASTER P was on the Scream 2 soundtrack . I liked it . So I was really anxious to see this movie . I bought it when it came out on video because it was from DIMENSION and all . They make those PHAT Children of the Corn movies . So I saw it , and it reaked . The opening scene was REALLY good and the movie itself was a LITTLE scary , but there was n't anything else good about it . It was n't funny at all . It just had this stupid dialogue and some psuedo-gory murders . SKIP IT ! Rent Children of the Corn V instead .
 A really bad sequel . Do not rent this , you will only waste money . The acting is horrendous .
 I will never buy from this seller again . First of all when he sends my product he sends the wrong thing . Second when I tried to contact him about exchanging it 4 the right one or just returning it he never contacts me or replies to my emails . So now Im stuck with a product I did n't even want from him .
 Aside from a suspenseful sequence with Courtney Cox trapped in a recording studio , this movie is just terrible . Jerry O'Connell tries valiantly , and Courtney and David are fun to watch together , but this sequel forgets that it is n't satire if it 's just as bad as the thing it 's satirizing -LRB- like . . oh . . Friday the 13th Part 5 -RRB- . But worst of all is the ending
 This sequel to the 1997 slasher/thriller has some scares and the end is perfect . However , since the first one was so good , I expected this movie to be a little bit better , but hey ! it 's good . Campbell is a little less convincing , but Cox is getting more convincing . The plot cooks up in many parts , but as scary as it was , I did n't jump once . On a final note , the movie was somewhat predictable . From a scale of 1 to 10 , a 3 .
 This is the worst sequel Ive ever seen ! It is SO not scary ! Inever liked the scream movies , but the first one is a lot better than this one . The only thing good in this movie is that it is full of suspence , but thats it .
 When this movie came out in theatres , I made my dad go out so Icould rent SCREAM 1 . I loved it . So I was really anxious to see SCREAM 2 . I wanted to see something scary and funny like in the first one . The beginning was good and scary , but then the whole movie sucked after that . I did n't laugh ONCE in this whole damn movie ! The only good thing about it is that MASTER P & SILKK song on the soundtrack .
 What happened , Wes Craven ? He almost had a classic with the first Scream ? What the hell was he thinking with the sequel . No suspense , way too predictable ! Wes Craven just killed the whole Scream saga with this junk ! This might very much be the dumbest sequel to any horror movie !
 Scream was a fantastic movie by itself . Scream 2 was so corny . I mean . . the movie was good until the end when you find out who the killer is . The end was a disappointment . This movie had some funny parts in it . You ca n't help but laugh at Dewey . . he 's so funny ! But it still was n't as good as the first Scream . I saw it with my sister and cousin in a theater and the whole time i just kept rolling my eyes at some of the stupid parts they put in there . It 's a shame they spent money making this film . The original movie * Scream * would have been just fine without it .
 Just like the original , the first 15 minutes are great . Then ... . the rest of the movie has to start . Just another boring slasher movie with no real plot or developed characters . The 2 stars are for the first 15 minutes .
 this movie was n't nearly as good as the first one , which was n't scary either . it was more of a comedy than a horror movie . neither of them compare to I Know What You Did Last Summer .
 Being a scream movie , it has to get some credit , but the end of this movie sucked . It was the one of the worst endings to a movie that I have ever seen . Scream 3 is in the making -LRB- I think -RRB- and I hope that they did n't follow the tracks of this movie . AVOID .
 Campbell and friends are in college and trying to get on with their lives when a kopy kat killer strikes . A totally unnecessary sequel with repugnant jokes , dead laughs , and what has to be the worst musical performance by an actor in all of film history ! Some good suspenseful moments and an improvemence by Cox make it better . The sorority twits are kind of funny too .
 This is the sequel to the classic 1996 hit that parodied the cliches of slasher horror films . A typical updated slasher film , yet the brilliance lies in parodying that which it is , a chessey slasher film on a low budget . David Arqutte is a Clive Barker look alike . I gave it two stars because my tastes have changed since I was the geek rooting on the killer . At one dollar , you ca n't go wrong for cheap slasher flicks , except it lacks the drive in aura of Halloween or even the classic icons of Friday the 13th or Nightmare on Elm Street . As a straight slasher film series , this would be great , instead it 's poking fun at the slasher film cliches . A joke it is .
 THAT WAS ENOUGH . I was actually expecting something out of this movie . I guess I was wrong . The final identity of the killer was n't very surprising at all because it 's not noticed that they are revealed somewhere in the middle of the film . I 'm glad some of the people who died , died . -LCB- Many of them deserved it anyway -RCB- . I ca n't remember the plot , but it was n't all that great to me . A few scenes were alright , but overall , this just does not make my day .
 Scream 2 is the SAME THING than the first one . Same plot , same stupid actors , same boring directing and same conclusion . Frankly , this is one huge mistake of cinema industry . When I say the same thing , it 's the SAME THING ! Some parts are so unrealistic that I was laughing ... the characters are dumb and the worst mistake they made in this sequel is that they killed the only interesting character
 Some films , sequels particularly , can be overdone . The sequel to Scream is not really bad , but it is not really great either . It does not equal the originality of its predecessor nor does it really provide the same sense of urgency of the first film . In addition , the characters are not quite as interesting this time . When an original premise is overworked , we are left with what could be considered cinematic leftovers , so to speak . Meatloaf , anyone ? The only really interesting parts here are the over the top performance of Laurie Metcalf and also the performance of Liev Schreiber .
 This movie is not any good ! But if you like violence and blood , then you would like it and also to mention that Sarah M.Geller is in the movie ! But she is so dumb to be alone at college and keeps cursing at the `` killer '' on the phone I mean hang up and call 911 ! Well , you 'll see ...
 `` SCREAM '' WAS ORIGINAL , SLICK , AND STYLISH . AND , SADLY , `` SCREAM 2 '' IS WHAT CAN BE EXPECTED OF A FILM TRYING TO CASH IN ON THE ORIGINAL 'S SUCESS , PITIFUL . `` SCREAM 2 '' IS PRETTY MUCH A REMAKE OF THE FIRST , EXCEPT YOU BRING A FEW NEW VICTIMS , A NEW SETTING , AND A POOR SCRIPT.AND , SADLY , THE SAME AUDIENCE THAT ATTENDED `` SCREAM '' , RETURNED TO SEE THIS POOR EXCUSE FOR A HORROR FILM , THUS INEVITABLY , BRINGING ON A THIRD `` SCREAM '' . I WOULD DISOWN THIS CRAP IF I MADE IT.BUT , TAKE YOUR CHANCE , I DID , AND I GOT BURNED .
 Hip . I hate that word . Any time you read a professional review of Scream it will tell you how hip this movie is . Well who cares , I want to be scared and watch teenagers die not be entertained with how cool everything is -LRB- If I want cool , I 'll watch Happy Days -RRB- . Well the teens do die . Just not very well . As for being scared . Forget it . You 'd be just as scared watching Milo and Otis or the Care Bears . I am not a big fan of any one in this film so all the big names do n't impress me . The story is o.k. infact it 's the best part of the film . It 's just that without being scared and / or entertained then it fails . BTW Was I the only one who got annoyed watching Cox and Campbell shoot one of the killer 's Pulp Fiction style . A . It did n't look right . B. Travolta and Jackson did it ten times cooler .
 This sequel did not meet my requirements for a good one . It lacks good acting and suspense . I knew after the third killing scene who one of the killers was . It was obvious . I was bored at watching this movie . Scream 1 was A 5 star , this was just crap . Sorry wes , but you can do better then that . They were in too much of a rush to get a big load of money after scream 1 . Scream 3 was the best trilogy ender in history , in my opinion . I would only buy this one to have the whole collection . There was really no plot at all . Like I said only , if you want the whole collection , should you buy this movie . Other wise , do n't waste your time or money on this disapointment .
 Scream 2 is horrible , it 's even worst than the first , the producers should be ashame of making Scream 3 ; and the people who said Ed Wood is bad should see this series , at least Ed Wood did n't had money or a clue of what he was doing .
 Intellegent marketing is why this sequel to a perfectly good Scream1 is in existence . First off , I thought Scream1 was a homage movie paying trubute to all the classic slasher films . So why are they already making part 3 then ? Because people are stupid enough to buy a ticket to it . Its ironic that it was stated in Scream2 that slasher sequels always must include more blood and more scares . This sequel does neither and is one long `` who done it '' bore . This movie seemed more like a parody of the original with the copy cat killers seeing the film based on the original wreak hovak . Whatever . Come up with some new ideas before you steal my money . I wo n't even bother to see Scream three because they already stole my 7.50 $ for the movie ticket for Scream 2 .
 All of the humor , scares and sheer entertainment value of Scream are wasted here in this mindless sequel that desperately tries to be as hip as the original . What made Scream great was that it knew how bad horror movies are and made fun of it . Scream 2 tries to achieve this with a lame conversation about how sequels suck that deteriorates into a simple list of sequels ! They do n't even explain the rules of a sequel - Randy is interrupted -LRB- and the fact that they kill him only makes it worse - with him died the very essence of Scream -RRB- . The chases are horribly choreographed - it looks every bit as if what they do is planned . I 'm sorry , I try not to rant like this and right long reviews , but I must say I was disappointed - SEVERELY !
 what would anyone expect from a sequel to a silly and dumb film . This is just as dumb and pointless .
 I can not believe they made a sequel to SCREAM I mean that movie was bad enough , but SCREAM 2 please !!! The acting by NEVE CAMPBELL , COURTNEY COX and the rest of the cast made me want to laugh as did the story which I wo n't get into just watch the film and see what I mean . My advice is if you want to be scared out of your seat see HALLOWEEN or JAWS now those were great horror flicks .
 I can not believe they made a sequel to SCREAM I mean that movie was bad enough , but SCREAM 2 please !!! The acting by NEVE CAMPBELL , COURTNEY COX and the rest of the cast made me want to laugh as did the story which I wo n't get into just watch the film and see what I mean . My advice is if you want to be scared out of your seat see HALLOWEEN or JAWS now those were great horror flicks .
 I saw SCREAM 2 and I hoped it might be better than the original how wrong I was . NEVE CAMPBELL and the rest of the cast act like a bunch of novice'es in this movie plus you can guess who the killer is early on . So my advice is avoid SCREAM 2 you wo n't soon regret it .
 I saw SCREAM 2 and I hoped it might be better than the original how wrong I was . NEVE CAMPBELL and the rest of the cast act like a bunch of novice'es in this movie plus you can guess who the killer is early on . So my advice is avoid SCREAM 2 you wo n't soon regret it .
 Exactly like the fist . Recycled dialogue to match the word SEQUEL instead of SCARY MOVIE . JAMIE KENNEDY should n't have died . And why for the love of God , Allah and the Winds Willing to they NEVER get TEENS to play teens . This always ruins it for me no matter what the content of the film .
 If you have read my review for SCREAM I bet you know how much I hate this ... . Once again director , Wes Craven fills the screen up with ... women , some dialogue bad enough to make me laugh out loud and a the same old dreadful music . I like Horror-sequels that are original like EVIL DEAD 2 but this dos n't have one little bit of originality , it 's just a bloody bore .
 Scream 2 is a horrible movie ! It 's really predictable . It 's plot was so close to the first one , for a second there , I thought I WAS watching the first one ! The only reason for watching it to see Dewey and Gail get it on ...
 You remember the saying about movie sequels , do n't you ? That they are never as good as the first one ? Well , that is an understatement in the case of this sorry excuse of a movie . Maybe my expectations were way too high after the first Scream , which I loved , I do n't know . But take my advice and do n't bother with this stinker .
 Neither Scream 1 or 2 are true to the horror genre but they do help to defile it . Watching this movie for free would n't even be worth it .
 `` Scream '' was a chilling and sometime 's funny teen horror flick with lots of imagination . `` Scream 2 '' is just another sequel that has no imagination . The new characters are terrible and the ending is far too corny .
 Je n'ai pas vu ce film mais je pense qu'il est pourri sauf peut etre l'actrice qui est physiquement bonne .
 Neat , Scream 2 is out . Better go watch it then I thought and went to a cinema to see it . About 2 hours later I came out , stunned . Not by the quality of the movie though , but rather by the lack of it . This movie is soooo boring . It 's not scary either . How can it be when its so predictable to tell where the killer is -LRB- `` Hellooooo . I 'm in the closet . La , la , la '' -RRB- If this girl in the seat next to me had n't screamed her guts out I would most likely have gone into a deep sleep .
 Scream 2 was almost the same thing as it 's first . The usual : mystery phone calls , blood , gore , etc. . This time Sydney Presscott -LRB- Neve Campbell -RRB- is in Windsor Collage and suddenly it starts again in the patern in Woodsboro California.See Scream 1 before Scream 2 because you wont get it .
 Craven used to be known to make REAL horror movies . Sometimes they were experimentation horror films . But now he has fallen for Hollywood 's love of cheap scares and loud , loud , loud soundtracks . This film only has one musical cue that is n't criminally loud noise . But it 's music stolen from Hans Zimmer 's Broken Arrow soundtrack . A soundtrack I love . This kind of made me annoyed the first , and only , time I saw this -LRB- well over 2 years ago -RRB- . The photography in this film is the worst I have ever seen . Almost everything that is n't in the immediate foreground is blurred and out-of-focus . Horror films offer so many opportunities for creativity in all areas of film production . But as this film is made to appeal to mass audiences the style has to be simple . Even terrible.There is nothing worthwhile about this film and nothing to recommend . The part that I hate most seems to be what most people -LRB- for some reason -RRB- like the best . A class full of film students discusses if sequels are better than originals . That 's it . You see ... this IS a sequel , and they talk about sequels . Wow ! So what ! That 's the irony ! And it 's not worth a penny . I have never seen a more simpleminded and superficial so-called `` horror '' film as bad as this . The fact that it thinks it 's so cool just makes it worse . The true horror of this film is the horrifying ignorance to the audience.Watch Urban Legend instead if you want to watch a Campus `` who 's the killer ? '' flick . It 's junk but it 's better than this.The DVD is in Dolby 5.1 and is letterboxed at 2.35:1 .
 Scream 2 was a big let down from the surprise instant classic Scream . There were many reasons why - 1st of all Kevin Williamson since Scream has been writing so many movie scripts along with a hit TV series , he hardly has the chance to put any quality in them . I 've even heard that he 's getting help from another writer for Scream 3 because he has too many scripts to write . If he took his time and waited a few years this could of been a good sequel . Another flaw is that this movie should of made fun of sequels more than it did in it 's one college discussion and coffe house scene . That was a big thing about the original , having the characters make fun of the genre they 're actually in - which was unique . Also unlike the 1st one where every killing had a motive - there is none here , besides a suggestion of a copycat killer who kills by names of the victims in the original , which the idea is mentioned and then seems to be forgotten through the movie . The killer 's motive to kill Sidney is so played out and the actor they got to play seemed ridiculous for the part . The death scenes went to fast and had no real suspense , unlike the nail biting introduction in the original . The end was disappointing.The whole movie tries too hard and wants to rake in money and it loses all the quality of the original . Even the soundtrack tries to hard with big name bands - Sugar Ray , Dave Matthews , Master P. , Collective Soul , Tonic , etc. . The original 's soundtrack was so good because it had talented bands that were hardly known and I actually enjoy that soundtrack better . The movie tried to be bigger than it was . Scream was suppose to be a small little fun movie and wound up being good . They should of tried that for the sequel . Also it was totally unbelievable how all the actors from the original meet up in one scene , they should of gradully brought in each . And what was with that background music , it did not help at all . However I did like the whole Stab idea , and two scenes where actually really good , the sound room scene and the car scene . If your looking for a good recent horror movie and you liked the original Scream , I suggest The Faculty .
 The ending to a horror movie can make or break it & just like ' I KNOW WHAT YOU DID LAST SUMMER '' URBAN LEGENDS ' & many more flops since Wes Craven 's original & excellent slasher parody ` SCREAM ' Craven 's follow up ` SCREAM 2 ' is ridiculously broken by its ultra lame ending . It was a decent slasher flick most of the way through & then destroid by its ending ! I truly believe that this is one of the movies that marks the beginning of Wes Craven falling off the great horror director wagon ! I mean come on look at his most recent flops ` RED EYE ' & the absolute intolerable ` CURSED ' . What happend Wes !
 I am not a fan of the Scream movies . I only bought the movie because I like Liev Schreiber .
 I have to give the original Scream some credit , even though I did n't like it too much , it revived the horror series and even inspired old horror sequels to start resurfacing -LRB- Halloween H20 & 8 , Jason X , Bride of Chucky -RRB- . But the things it also did to the wonderful horror genre are inexcusable . It seems like every new horror movie now borrows it 's cast from Buffy , Dawson 's Creek and Party of Five . Scream 2 does nothing to drop that trend , in fact , it just gets worse . The film takes place 2 years after the original , where -LRB- a very tired looking -RRB- Neve Campbell and the survivors of the first flick are starting over . However , a movie is made about the Woodsboro events called `` Stab '' and soon things start to stir up again and a new killer -LRB- s -RRB- is out to prove that all of today 's violence can be blamed on the movies -LRB- Just watch , you 'll see . -RRB- Scream 2 is ultimately a very subpar sequel . Everything just feels like a rehash of the original . The acting in this one is very poor , you do n't really believe that these things are happening to the characters . The script is in desperate need of help and Courtney Cox looks really weird . The only upside this movie had -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- was that there was much more gore and the killings were more creative . ...
 I was a big fan of the first Scream movie - and consequently , Kevin Williamson . However , with this and other projects like Dawson 's Creek , he 's proved himself what he really is ... This movie is just a retread of the first film , except what works there does n't work here . Williamson 's writing has the feeling of an intro creative writing workshop . Much has been made about his young characters being too smart - in actuality , they 're exceptionally dumb ... they just have a thesaurus . In Scream he found a gimmick , in Scream 2 he 's beating a dead slasher .
 Not a review as such more of an observation.having bought Scream 2 already and the box set what on earth is there to get now . Surely a collector is the person who buys the movie when it first hits the stores ? Maybe not - maybe a collector means they know you will buy the same film again and again and can keep releasing different editions . Maybe that 's why I now have two copies of Seven , terminator 2 , Scream -LRB- trilogy -RRB- and the Exorcist ... naughty naughty
 Sidney is back , and being persecuted again . The best thing in this film is the opening sequence starring the fabulous Jada Pinkett . From there however , the film goes steadily downhill . Even Rebecca Gayheart ca n't save this one . One of the main problems I had with the film , was the casting of Sidney 's boyfriend . He is completely unlikeable fratish jockish dull , I could go on . His character is completely unlikeable . The killings are more elaborate , yes . But the film goes on TOO long , and the play within the movie really sucked and just detracted from the film . There are a few tense moments , such as when Gail Weathers is being chased by the killer , but overall , not much tension . I wo n't reveal the end , but believe me the identity of the killer this time is completely ridiculous . A weak effort overall .
 The screeneplay actually is not quite childish like in the first , and the directing of the film is better . If anything is watchable in this film it might as well be the acting or the gory special effects . I saw this one in a dollar theater , and no one there was scared that I know of , but like I said slasher films I not meant to be scary they are meant to be a gory good time . Check out my summary reveiw on this site on the DVD version of this site if you want to know my opinon about the frist scream of my review titled as `` cheaziest slasher film I have scene . ''
 for a Warren Miller flick , I found it disjointed and of course there was great photography in it ... but do n't expect the flow or the human personality touch of his other films ... felt like this film was rushed/pieced together .
 The sound is terrible . It is not a clear picture , faces almost unrecognizable . The music is a complete disaster.It is like this ... made in someones basement with a brownie box camera.Harriet Russ
 I know it is very very late to critique this film . The horse has long since left the barn and the farm but when a film is this atrocious an additional warning can not be amiss . The performances , cinematography , etc. are exactly as you expect them to be for a film this expensive . But it is all for naught . The screenplay and the idea behind it are so awful that no amount of technical excellence could salvage it . A collection of morons decided to extract the heart of Becky Sharp . The very thing that has kept people reading her adventures for 200 + years was judged as inadequately upbeat for the American public . It is a deeply insulting film . Their Becky is sweet . Vanity Fair is a cinematic hatchet job ; they gut Becky .
 One of our silly reviewers commented ; `` I could not understand what made Becky Sharp so mean and why everyone did not like her . `` For crying out loud - I 'll tell you why : BECKY KILLS JOS IN THE CLOSING PAGES OF THE ACTUAL NOVEL ! This Hollywood romance movie shows her falling in love with her umpteenth suitor who whisks her off to India where she is greeted with elephants that could n't be happier to trot her around blissful Indian peasants who are somehow less poverty stricken in 1815 than they are in 2006 . How beautiful an ending -- but wait ; if you stop the movie and select the special features , you can chose an alternate and even more ridiculous ending where the son that she abandoned , angrily reproaches Becky who suddenly arrives to reclaim him ; but within thirty seconds the screenplay dictates that he experience some bizarre epiphany so that he grabs his mothers hand with tender love and everyone lives happily ever after.HOW CAN YOU HAVE AN ALTERNATE ENDING TO A NOVEL ? THERE IS ONLY ONE ENDING AND THEY DID N'T EVEN APPROACH THE ACTUAL ENDING WITH EITHER CHOICE!Remember , in the book that these clowns are adapting , Becky is actually murdering someone while both of these alternate endings are being occurring.Here 's the trick ; when any literary work is 70 years old , all rights of the author , family or publisher are relinquished to the public and Hollywood executives , producers and marketing directors know full well that a very small percentage of their audience actually read the classics or even read at all ; so they `` adapt '' the world 's masterpieces to appeal to the box office so that the memory of the work is lost to several generations.That is why movies adapted from modern novels have different titles from the books they are based on , and are qualified with the phrase `` based on the novel ` such and such . ' `` Suspend your disbelief for a moment
 I am very sad to say that both the screenplay and direction are utterly abominable . Both play havoc with the very core of Thackeray 's masterpiece . Mira had tried to manipulate albeit very unsuccessfully with each and every character that they , as a result , appear absolutely farcical , and evoke no sympathy for Amelia nor hatred or grudging respect for Becky Sharp . This is utterly unacceptable ! Mira and the screenplay writer have made a garbage of this masterpiece ! The core of the novel was emotional interplay between the various characters that is abysmally missing in the movie version ! The girl who played Amelia is quite horrible with no talent to speak of but being WHITE , British and trifle pretty , will make her the toast of the town . Reese is of course a powerhouse of talent but is severely restricted by the boring screenplay and poor direction!Better to watch the BBC 's version of this novel !
 It 's seems that history , in any context , is so boring to people in this day and age , that even movies are being doctored to be more appealing . NOTICE
 Thackeray entitled his book Vanity Fair in reference to the Vanity Fair from another famous book , Pilgrim 's Progress where the travelers encountered a fair that indulged one 's vanity thereby becoming distracted & losing sight of their ultimate destination . This movie does n't match the title nor the novel.First off , I was instantly turned off by the cast of characters . George Osborne looked like a spiked-hair surfer dude in Victorian covering . Amelia was too peppy and flamboyant to be the sedate,soft-spoken , shy , and very serious girl we know as Amelia . Rawdon 's actor could somewhat fit the part except he did not develop from the charming , obnoxious rake into the reformed husband and loving father that made his character so enduring and tragic . And finally , Rebecca Sharp was supposed to be a crafty , devious , deceptive , yet charming , talented little actress that leaves the audience second guessing her true intensions , making you loving her , yet despising her . She was a snake , selfish and self-indulgent . No matter how talented Reese Witherspoon is or becomes , her sweet , button-nosed , baby-doll face can not represent the Rebecca Sharp of William Thackeray 's novel . Who 's great idea was it to have Reese play this part anyway ? Do these people put any thought into casting such a great and formidable novel?Reese as Becky was charactered as a poor little nobody who was struggling against her station against the harsh , arrogant , excusiveness of the upper-middle to the upper echelon 's of there society . Portrayed -LRB- inaccurately -RRB- as the poor victim who eventually becomes prey to the omnious , powerful , almost vampiric manipulation of Lord Styne , then falsely accused by her husband , Rawdon , of adultery to Lord Styne when he was portrayed more as forcing himself and his will upon her . Lord Styne was supposed to be a buck-teethed , extremely bored , almost baffoonish man with a long ancestrial history of aristocracy , who was bewitched by a very captivating Becky , who was able to acquire a whole lot of money , in which she hid from Rawdon , purposefully , and failed to bail him out of debtor 's prison intentionally so as to have alone-time with her Lord Styne.And what is with the mystical , sultry exotic portrayal of India ? First with the park Becky , Amelia attended with Jos Sedley -LRB- Amelia 's brother -RRB- which was adorned to mimic India with their Indian scarfs & animals & decors ? Then with showing Major Dobbin during his tenure in India , how he became almost wild in look and behavior , almost as though he became one with the beasts of India . What has THAT have to do with the story ? Nor was such a thing alluded to in the book because that was probably not a typical experience of a British military man stationed in India . They were there to manage the colony not have some kind of mystic spiritual experience.During the entire movie , I squirmed , sighed , groaned , got up and did chores because I just could n't stand it anymore ! I watched the entire movie even though I wanted to abandon it during the first 15 minutes , solely so I could give this negative review . I recommend the A&E ; version of this movie . That movie was true to the book , characters fit perfectly , and the movie stood on its own in story and plot .
 Victorian England meets Bollywood with a splash of Sham-Wow ! The people who made this movie cared more about visual style than actually telling a story , any story , let alone the story in the book . There is no continuity of storyline it is rendered in leaps and bounds , a good majority of the acting is very very bad , and the characters are badly miscast . The costumes were awful , the hairstyles copied from Spock , and the aura was the Roman Empire under Tiberius and Caligula . How bad was the actor who played George ?!? The only `` bright spot '' if you can call it so , is Reese Witherspoon . I would say her acting is acceptable and sometimes good , but she is no Victorian Woman.The book is a masterpiece and this movie is one HOT mess .
 There are positive things to say about this version of Vanity Fair . The costuming is beautiful , the sets are lush , and quite a bit of the cast is wonderful , however , I do not understand why the character of Becky Sharp was dulled down so much . In the book , Becky is conniving , manipulative , self centered , and malicious . In this version of the story , Becky is a plucky , impish heroine , just trying to make her way in the world . I did not care for Reese Witherspoon 's portrayal of Becky Sharp . She seemed to be out of her depth with the rest of the cast . I tend to like Witherspoon 's work , however in this movie , she just did not seem to fit . Her portrayal of Becky seemed cutesy and cloying . Watching this movie , I did not believe Witherspoon 's Becky capable of the actions the character takes . And perhaps this is a petty concern , but was the audience supposed to just not notice that Ms. Witherspoon was visibly pregnant throughout this movie ? No amount of clever costuming or well placed props were successful in hiding it.In my humble opinion , the 1999 production of Vanity Fair from A&E ; Home Video is a far superior production . It is far more true to the novel.This movie was entertaining enough , but in the end it was simply disappointing . If you are a fan of the novel Vanity Fair , you will most likely be disappointed by this production .
 A few things that solidify this film as an unfortunate waste of your 2 + hours :1 -RRB- The austere , oh-so-tasteful solo piano at the film 's opening . To paraphrase Pauline Kael , you know you 're in for it from the word `` go '' .2 -RRB- Reese Witherspoon playing a nineteenth century Brit , who is fluent in French as well . `` Je t ` aime , my lord ? Oh my God , like no way , that 's totally gross ! `` 3 -RRB- British soldiers dashing about during the Age of the French Wars with `` bed head '' courtesy of Toni & Guy .4 -RRB- The innumerable references to India , which seem to occur exclusively to remind us that the director is from India . They certainly contribute nothing of value whatsoever to the plot , which is confusing enough already .5 -RRB- The bizarre , anachronistic break down Indian musical jam session , which accompanies what appears to be a suggestive belly dance , in the midst of a proper drawing room performance for royalty in the most stiflingly conservative era of British history . It was very Janet Jackson Rhythm Nation -- I 'm impressed with the PA system they had available to them back then . And that plucky Miss Sharp -- she 's chock full of talents ! She speaks perfect French -LRB- which she supposedly learned from her mother , who died when she was like , five -RRB- , is an accomplished teacher , sings , paints in an Impressionistic style before Impressionism was invented , and now dances like Paula Abdul . It 's amazing what they teach 'em in those orphanages ! 6 -RRB- The way Becky 's friend Amelia , who never manages to age or mature an ounce over 20 + years , clings inexplicably to the memory of her complete putz of a thankfully dead husband for a couple of decades , all the while insanely ignoring the unrequited love of a perfect gentleman , who is also her closest friend . See if you do n't want to smack her for the entire film . This goes on interminably , until , of course , Becky handily convinces her with two terse sentences over a reunion tea that her husband really was a jerk , and the twit instantly realizes she 's been a wack-job for her whole life and runs -LRB- literally ! -RRB- straight from her crumpets to the arms of the milqetoast who 's been waiting for her for eternity and a half . This has to be the most breathtakingly ludicrous denouement in the history of film .7 -RRB- The men in the German casino near the end of the movie , who appear to have tinker toys braided into their hair . These are the flourishes that seem to win period films like this Academy Awards for `` art direction '' and `` costume design . '' I imagine it is about as authentic to the styles of the period as it would be if filmmakers 200 years from now modeled our present fashions on Tammy Faye Bakker or Jocelyn Wildenstein .8 -RRB- The way Mira Nair exposes herself as a complete hack of a director by showing us a modestly amusing shot of Becky riding an elephant in India with her scrappy little monogrammed trunk strapped to the back , then underscoring the presence of the trunk with an extreme closeup JUST IN CASE WE MISSED IT THE FIRST TIME . I imagine that these sorts of acts of unsubtlety have got to be amongst the things they warn you not to do in film school on the first day of class.Vanity Fair is a mess , a howler , and it lasts for an eternity . Skip it .
 My husband and I were lucky enough to see this as an advance screening , but the lucky part was we did n't have to pay to see it . The costumes and settings are absolutely fantastic , lush and colorful . The acting was wonderful , and was inevitable because of the astonishing list of actors . Especially if you follow British Theater , you recognize actor after actor . And Reese has more depth to her acting than I had realized.But the complaint is the editing , the sheer choppiness of the story line . By the end of the movie , my husband and I had joined others in the theater who were laughing at supposedly serious parts . For example , someone falling madly in love with someone they hated one second ago.I recommend A&E ; 's version instead . It is over 5 hours , but the story lines are so complex , it just does n't work otherwise .
 This is one of the most boring movies I have ever attempted to watch.I kept watching and waiting for something interesting to happen . Afteran hour or so , I gave up .
 This is a horrible movie . It disasterfully cut out all details which might shed a bad light on the main charecter . The movie skips from scene to scene without any connection or explanation . If I had n't read the book I would n't know what was going on . My husbend was at lost . This movie made us furios - it reminds us of the way Micheal Moor portraied Geourge Bush with half trues and lies . The movie represents half the story and makes Becky sound like a victim . I just waisted 2 valuable hours watching an annoying distortion of a literature master piece . This is inexcusable !
 Time seemed to halt while this movie was playing . I remember thinking that it must have gone on for two hours , looking at my watch , seeing it was only 30 minutes , and wanting to cry.Go if you have insomnia . Its confusing as hell .
 The BBC tv series is closest to the book.This film is not much more than a colorful cartoon for those who ca n't read or will not read a book . It is supposed to be for the modern audience . Perhaps it is but it failed to make a profit and critics laughed at it one might say . Even the trailer on Youtube is worthless by my judgement , How can something so pretty be such a mess ? Dunno . It 's not Becky Sharp and not Vanity Fair in my humble opinion.It has value if you want to see how a great novel can be cleansed by scrubbing away all truth and reality . Hmmmmm , perhaps that is the way to treat modern viewers -- or is it?Still it has merits . Although one of the merits may be how not to make a movie .
 I really love Reese Witherspoon , but this film is completely different than the book , and I think you should not change something unless you can make it better . I find it hard to belive that someone could improve the original story . This movies portrays Becky and all the females in a completely sympathetic light . In other words , they modernized the story , made it politically correct , and took out all of the humor , wit , and edginess . What was left is a dull , preachy , bland waste of time . Do n't ruin a masterpiece !
 . . is that she is meant to be something of an anti- heroine who will go to literally any lengths to ` better ' herself . Cold , conniving , calculating manipulative and so unscrupulous that she is eventually reduced to the immoral and depraved.Reese Witherspoon is none of the above , she is just too lovely and sweet . Her naive , passive and even innocent persona in this movie does not fit the character of Becky at all - instead it just makes her look like the poor little victim of other people 's nastiness.As an example in this version Becky seems to show genuine affection , tenderness and love for her son Rawdon Jr , which is great for a normal person , but is not true to the heartless Becky who does not have a maternal bone in her body.Don ' t get me wrong , I like Reese Witherspoon but she is not suited to this role at all and some the quality of acting on the part of some of the other characters seemed little better.As is too often the case this version has too many big names and Hollywood gloss but is lacking in substance . The BBC versionVanity Fairis , in my view much better .
 I read the novel about six years ago , when I was fresh out of high school , and I was curious to see how the movie stacked up . It 's cases like these that the say is true that the book is always better than the movie -- especially when the book in question is a classic . Of course , you ca n't always expect the movie to quite stack up to the book , but I must say that I was disappointed by this adaptation.Reese Witherspoon plays Becky Sharpe , the orphan girl who aspires to rise higher than her station in life . She then spends time with her friend Amelia 's Sedley 's family , along with Amelia 's fianc&eacute;e , the arrogant George Osborne -LRB- played by a beautiful but miscast Jonathan Rhys Myers -RRB- . Later , Becky goes to be the governess for the Crawleys , where she meets Rawdon and runs away with him . Becky 's tale gets overshadowed in the second half of both the novel and the movie as Napoleon threatens to invade.The exoticness of India and the bucolic setting of England make fine contrasts for one another , and the costumes in this period piece are beautiful -LRB- though oddly enough , in this movie , fashions do n't change from the 1810s to the 1830s , and the characters do n't seem to age much , either -RRB- . But the actors seem a little too modern at times -LRB- especially Reese Witherspoon -RRB- . The tone of Thackeray 's novel was sarcastic at times , and the character of Jos Sedley was so ridiculous that he was actually pathetic . Here , he 's just another bland , boring character . George Osbourne was much more malicious in the novel . It 's a very watered-down version of the book , especially since Becky in this movie is shown to be a sympathetic character . And it just does n't work . Through this movie , the whole point of the novel was missed out on completely .
 When the credits rolled on Vanity Fair , I turned off the DVD . I took a deep breath and fought the impulse to sue somebody . Because if ever there was a case of fraud being perpetrated in the movies , then this was it.Oh , sure , I understand that compressing Thackeray 's masterpiece into 120 minutes would be a daunting challenge . But this is an abomination of an entirely different magnitude . What was a cynical , yet dead-on satire of social climbing in early 19th-Century England was turned into a vapid , romantic period piece . The very heart of this book , as a result , was surgically removed , leaving only a plodding automaton to take its place.Need an example of how off-base this movie is in its development ? You need look only so far as the movie 's advertising slogan
 I 've generally admired the films of Mira Nair . Her cinematic abilities are evident here . But they 're to such a wrong purpose.This is a horrid and ludicrous adaptation of Thackeray 's Vanity Fair . It is a nearly complete whitewash of the novel . It ends with a brightly colored Indian celebration or such with Becky Sharp and Jos Sedley . This differs slightly , let us say , from the novel 's ending where Sharp is responsible for the ruin and death of Jos. I guess the dog had eaten those pages of the book.Reese Witherspoon is an adequate enough actress , though with limited emotional range . She ca n't hold a candle to Natasha Little 's amazing performance in the BBC mini-series . But the acting is not the main problem here . It is the adaptation , which bears hardly any moral relation to that of the novel.Demi Moore was bitterly criticized for a similarly styled adaptation of The Scarlett Letter . But who ever expected anything from Demi Moore ? Oh Ms. Nair , director of the so justly esteemed Salaam Bombay , I expected more from you.See the excellent BBC mini-series instead .
 This movie has the worst cinematography I have ever seen in a film . 90 % of the shots are of people from the waist and up . The viewer never gets a long shot or a full length shot of any scene whatsoever . There are virtually no establishing shots to give the viewer an idea of what the setting is or what exactly is going on . Most of the close-ups are cropped so badly , chopping off the tops of the actors ' heads. , and there are way too many close-ups of Reese , even though I am a fan of hers . Even when the cast of characters are dancing , we never get a chance to see any footwork whatsoever . They could be roller skating for all I know in their underwear . The only feet action you see are the closeups of the feet of the Indian characters , for some strange reason . This is an injustice for the costume designer and the hair person , even though the hair is not too spectaular in this film . What a waste of beautiful costumes , when you are not given a chance to see them . I get the feeling that the director was trying to make this a non-Jane Austen-y flick . If that 's the case , she should have chosen another book other than Vanity Fair.About three-quarters way into the movie , the tempo suddenly switches and the film becomes out of the blue a Madonna-esque music video . I felt like I was watching Madonna in one of her past lives ... There 's also a lot of singing from Reese that I felt could have been edited out . They really did n't serve any significant purpose in the story . I really did n't want to sit and listen to pointless singing unless the movie is a musical , which I believe it is not.I 'd recommend that you skip this movie and listen to the audio-book version of Vanity Fair instead , if you 're not going to read the book . At least you 'll get an idea of the setting rather than watch a bunch of talking head shots .
 VANITY FAIR , a novel by William Makepeace Thackery , is brought to the screen in this 2004 film adaptation by the great Indian filmmaker Mira Nair . Unfortunately , for me , the beautiful , rich colors in the cinematography are the most compelling -LRB- and memorable -RRB- part of the story . Ordinarily , I find examinations in the British class system quite compelling . I loved the latest film adaptations of EMMA , SENSE AND SENSIBLITY and PRIDE AND PREJUDICE and found them wonderful , engaging and very witty . They were also derived from wonderfully-written Jane Austen novels . VANITY FAIR fell short in so many ways , for me.Becky Sharpe -LRB- Reese Witherspoon -RRB- is a social-climbing young lady who comes from a very poor background and must rely on her wit and flair for manipulation to ascend her rank in the rigidly set class system of 19th century England . This follows twenty years in Becky 's footsteps , from the time that she merries gambler -LRB- and would-be doctor -RRB- Rawdon Crawley -LRB- James Purefoy -RRB- to her chance encounter with The Marquess of Styne -LRB- Gabriel Byrne -RRB- who is a collector of her father 's paintings.Though , Mira did a great job with painting a beautiful picture with color and art direction , the acting , the story and the adaptation completely fell flat . I found myself not caring what became of Becky Sharpe , long before the film was even halfway over . Not a good sign and it is a shame because Reese Witherspoon is a wonderful actress . I reccomend that you steer clear of this Nair film , and watch some of her other works to get a better sense of her talent for storytelling -- these include SALAAM BOMBAY , MISSISSIPPI MASALA , and MONSOON WEDDING .
 If it was possible to give this film a minus 1 I would have . Thackery must have rolled over in his grave at a very poor attempt at writing a screen play for his masterpiece novel . My DVD copy will go in the trash bin .
 Sorry , this came on satellite one night and my girlfriend said she had wanted to see it . She knew that I do n't like Reese Witherspoon in general , but I was intertested in the story . Well the problem was that Reese Witherspoon was just not believable , and every time she appeared on the screen it was tough not to change the program . To the film 's credit it is beautifully filmed but there is just nothing to grab a hold of . The only merits I gave it were the sub-plot involving Amelia and her apparently rotten husband . Whenever those actors took over the story it was actually engaging . Merit goes to the scene when the father breaks down in anguish over the grave of his rotten son , whom he had disowned , who has fallen in battle . But then it 's back to the Reese Witherspoon show and tedium with her poor attempt at a British accent and very narrow acting range . After a while the performance seems hung on her sideways mischevious smile , though nothing she does or says backs it up . Nice try . The storytelling is also not good , and sections jump from premise to conclusion without so much as one pause for pathos . With some plot developments , if you blink , you miss it . Way too long at 140 minutes , but such a story needs a long telling ... perhaps a series on BBC could do it justice ... The end result of this film treatment is a mindless story with the parts clunked together .
 I bought this thinking I liked period dramas . I 've discovered , I do n't . I ca n't even sit through them -LRB- much like Emma a couple of days ago -RRB- , so I 'm not holding out much hope for Pride & Prejudice.Normally I really like Reese , she 's good in Cruel Intentions & the first Legally Blonde film . This ? She disappears a lot of the time , only to pop up at the oddest moments , and she 's very obviously pregnant -LRB- with her second child , Dylan -RRB- during it ! They tried to cover it up as much as possible , although at least she had cleavage-enhancing outfits a plenty , you can sometimes see the outline of a bump . But she 's not as good as she was in Legally Blonde.I also thought Johnathan Rhys Meyers would be good in this too , he was lovely in Bend It Like Beckham -LRB- mainly the Irish accent -RRB- , but his character is a bit of a prat in this . And the hair what a mess !!! I just was n't impressed by this , and managed to sit through an hour before I gave up . I hope Pride & Prejudice is better .
 I recently just saw this movie the other night and i was totally excited about seeing it !!!! When i watched it i was bored to death there was no real good story to this movie and i thought that Reese Witherspoon could have done another movie rather then this one !!!!!!! I would n't go and rent this movie again or even buy it !!!!!!! All i can say is that i wanted more and what i got was just another bad flick !!!!!
 In the interest of full disclosure , and though I will not use the dreaded words `` CF '' , my wife and niece who I saw this with , liked it . We may have another Cold Mountain on our hands , with viewer reaction breaking down along gender lines.For me , however , is n't Vanity Fair really just Gone with the Wind all over again ? Talking movies here , not the books , of course . Vanity Fair the novel has it all over Gone With the Wind the novel , and came a century or so beforehand to boot . But as a movie GWTW came first with this story and told it much more memorably.Vanity Fair is elaborately and elegantly shot . It gets the early 19th British century mostly right , but no one in it seems to grow or learn anything . Near the end , when Becky Sharp 's friend Amelia says , `` What a little fool I 've been , '' and Becky/Reese -- who is terrific and pretty convincing , proving she can play pluck in any century -- replies , `` We 've all been fools , '' I leaned over to my wife and said , `` And the biggest fools are us for watching all of this . `` I knew Vanity Fair ran over two hours , but sometime after I lost track of which grandfather was taking care of which baby I started to feel like I was trapped in an unannounced bloated director 's cut -LRB- i.e.
 To enjoy films , you do n't necessarily have to read the original books upon which they were made . Having said that , I must say there are something wrong , something inconsistent in the newest version of ` Vanity Fair . ' The book was written by William Makepeace Thackeray in 1848 , but the film 's heroine Becky Sharp looks more modernized one , tame version of pop culture icon Madonna . Becky is a material girl , but she could be popular if she wants to.This is far form the original 's Becky , but I can watch and be happy if the film is good . The change would not be a big problem if the filmed version has put something substantial and intriguing in the film . As far as the colorful costumes and gifted actors go , Mira Nair 's ` Vanity Fair 's is very enjoyable . Some may disagree with Bollywood-like dancing scenes and American-born Reese Witherspoon 's casting as Becky Sharp , but it is all right with me . -LSB- BECKY AS LIKEABLE HEROINE -RSB- But Becky Sharp has become totally different character , and she remains curiously uninteresting . The film not only changed the unflinching , predator-like social climber into a likable , tragic heroine whom the society treats badly ; it also lost a sense of pathos and biting humor . The film 's story is faithful to the book up to a certain point -LRB- except the weak ending -RRB- , but the faithfulness shows the misjudgment on the filmmakers ' side , leaving the content pretty hollow.One example will show you what I mean . At one crucial moment that concludes one of the chapters of the original book , Becky cries , `` O Sir Pitt ! '' and confesses to him that she has already got marries . This is one of the best -LRB- and surprising -RRB- moments in the book , revealing the great -LRB- and in a sense cruel -RRB- irony of Becky 's fate . In the film , Reese Witherspoon 's Becky does the same , but with no sense of irony . The scene is blandly done , and the film goes as if the director and actors did not know the true meaning of what disappointed Becky is saying . The film has many memorable sequences from the original -LRB- like Doctor Johnson 's dictionary or the confusion in Belgium -RRB- , but they fail to bring to life the hilarious and suspenseful sentences of Thackeray . -LSB- THIS PARAGRAPH CONTAINS MILD SPOILER -RSB- One more thing . The ending , which is all cluttered . Alternate ending is no good either , and the reason is simple . Again Becky 's character . They altered the nature of the relation Between Becky and Lord Steyne in order to make us relate to her . In consequence Becky 's behaviors look more strange . How can you make Becky an innocent victim when she accepts money from Lord ` Stain ' -LRB- played by Gabriel Byrne who speaks like a rogue ? -RRB- Why Joseph Sedley shows up at the right moment ? What was Dobbin doing while he was not on screen ? Where did Rawdon Crawley go?Even with long running time of 141 minutes , it is hard to cover all the elements found in ` Vanity Fair . ' Mira Nair added so many things - exotic colors , modern ideas like feminism , and etc.-and they are no problem themselves . But the weakness -LRB- not the change -RRB- in Becky 's personality is unacceptable , and other characters like Dobbin are only mildly interesting . In short , ` Vanity Fair ' needs a `` wicked woman '' or more seductive lady as heroine , and this Becky is not wicked enough .
 If you like speed reading -LRB- a page every couple of seconds -RRB- , then you 'll like this movie . Think fast forward through the book and you 'll get the sense of the movie .
 This movie looks beautful , acting is fantatic , screenplay . . sucks . It 's long , boring and somewhat confusing.I only bought it for Robert Pattinson . He is only in the extra 's the alternate ending.Vanity Fair -LRB- Widescreen -RRB-
 I did not read the novel , but I bet the adaptation is pretty bad . This is a strange movie . It seems that a lot of staff was trying to be fit into the movie and not successfully at all . The movie spans more than 10 years , yet noone except the children gets physically older . The motivations behind characters ' actions are a mystery - most of the time a viewer is dumbfounded . For example , one moment George Osborne cant stand his fiance , the next - he marries her . Hah ? The 2 stars are for the pretty and colorful costumes and scenery . Also , I thought all the young men did not look very manly , with all the feathery clothes and `` rooster '' hairdos :-RRB- What 's with their hair ? `` Persuasion '' of 1995 is of exact same period - no funky hair in there .
 The MOVIE `` Vanity Fair '' is indeed a beautifully filmed movie , but if a film advertises to the public -LRB- and our children that are in the learning phase -RRB- that it represents one of the world 's important classics then why should n't we insist that it follow the actual storyline as closely as possible , or that they change the name . This movie came as close to `` Vanity Fair '' as `` King Kong '' does to `` The Planet of the Apes '' . It is true that American audiences would not pay nearly one hundred dollars to treat a small family to a night at the movies to see America 's -LRB- and my -RRB- sweetheart portrayed as the ruthless , conniving , murderous prostitute that the real Becky was . That is an economic given ; but that does n't give film makers the right to change history.Once again , this is not William Thackeray 's book , and rarely have we seen a movie that replicates a classic book . They are ALL terrible because they CAN NOT replicate them . The novels are too rich , the characters deeply yearning , plot building page after page . IT JUST CAN NOT BE DONE . Watch the features of `` The Lord of the Rings '' . The director describes the conflict perfectly . The heart of a classic novel is what sustains it for generations and the Holy Grail of cinematic achievement to even approach acceptance with an adaptation of such a novel.Instead of ABUSING and RAPING , the film industry should stop using the titles of classic novels to dupe the public . At the very least they should qualify their films with the statement `` based loosely on ... `` The exotic dancing scene was a bit odd but most will let it pass with an `` nnnnnn '' squeezed through their noses . BUT THE MUSICAL ACCOMPANIMENT ! C'mon . Yeah , okay , modern sequencers were used for the movies ambient and background music but when you bring it forward as part of a dance you lose all credibility . 19th century Becky was `` bringing it '' with a house band dog.Will we accept car chases and pole dancers in a Hollywood version of `` Wuthering Heights '' ? Now that would make for ... -LRB- wait for it -RRB- ... a very interesting movie .
 I was really excited about this movie , that is until I sat down to watch it . It is so confusing and long I had to stop it and try watching it again later . Even the second time around was bad . The story line is hard to follow and the characters are not well developed . Do n't waste your money !!
 ` Vanity Fair ' is , for the most part , a failure . Though it may be beautiful to look at , and director Mira Nair successfully emphasizes the connection between Great Britain and India during the empire 's colonial era , there is not much beneath the surface of its exotic sets and costumes.Reese Witherspoon plays Becky Sharp , a poor painter 's daughter who climbs from the depths of the social pyramid of old England to its top , but does so without an ounce of integrity . In William Makepeace Thackeray 's novel of the same name , Ms. Sharp is not meant to be sympathetic , and her surroundings are brutally portrayed in what is obviously satire . It seems Nair was distracted by her goal of creating a near-mythical world of refinement and beauty , as she completely missed what seems to be the point of Thackeray 's masterpiece . There is absolutely nothing satirical about her version of the story . Even worse , there is no consistency in structure . At first , ` Fair ' seems to be about Ms. Sharp 's ascent to money and culture , but then focuses on an uninvolving romance that Sharp so blatantly destroys . Is there something worse than that about this film ? I can name a number of things
 If you had n't gathered it from the movie itself , the bonus documentaries on the DVD will make it clear that this edition of Vanity Fair has at its root a fatal flaw . It attempts to portray Becky Sharp as a sympathetic , even admirable person . A plucky , Madonna-style powergirl . As a result , this is an extremely watered-down version of what Thackeray actually wrote . There is nothing nice about his novel , which is tremendously compelling and hilariously funny , but also coldly cynical . Becky is a brutal predator , who does n't care a hoot about her child or her husband , and goes about exploiting everyone around her with the greatest zeal.She 's closer akin to Hannibal Lecter than to Scarlet O'Hara . Reese Witherspoone 's portrayal of the non-heroine blunts all the edges , and leaves us with a fairly uninvolving character whose motivations are not always easy to grasp . Other characters are similarly polished up . George Osborne is n't nearly as callous in his behaviour to Amelia as he is in the novel . Dobbin is far too outspoken and powerful a figure whereas with Thackeray he is the prototype of an utter wet noodle . The absurdity and cowardice of Jos Sedley is smothered in layers of oriental mystique . The dazzling Indian finale , shamelessly over the top , that we get by way of obligatory happy ending , would have us believe that Becky has gone off with him on a life of happy traveling , casting infatuated glances in his direction . In the book however , she simply leeches on him , and Jos besieges his acquaintances to protect him from her ! `` You do n't know what a terrible woman she is '' . That woman is not in this movie.In this way , the film completely misses out on the essence of the story . It basically becomes a vehicle for a string of sumptuously executed pretty pictures . In the explicit attempt , voiced by Mira Nair herself , to bring the story to the screen as one relevant to modern audiences , rather than being just the next period piece , the exact opposite is achieved . This is beautifully executed but very tame and oldfashioned costume drama . Not even the ridiculous oriental dance scene starring Becky , which shows a complete lack of understanding of early 19th century mores , can change that . Of course , Thackeray 's story needs no modernization at all - it is as recognizable today as it was 200 years ago .130 minutes are not enough to do justice to the book either . All plotlines are reduced to their bare essentials ; the psychology driving them is completely lost . One moment George Osborne is shunning Amelia , the next he marries her ; one moment he is insulting Becky Sharp , the next he 's inviting her to elope with him . At times it is almost as if you can hear the actors gasping for breath while hurrying along to get everything crammed in in the alotted time -LRB- two hours is already longer than most movie audiences can stand nowadays if the film is n't peppered with a proper barrage of CG special effects -RRB- . That none of the acting stands out as particularly distinguished , with the exception of Eileen Atkins 's portrayal of aunt Mathilda Crawley , is hardly surprising under these circumstances . Another thing that does n't help believability is the fact that characters appear to have eternal youth . While we see toddlers growing up into adults , Becky , Amelia and others look exactly the same at the end of the movie as they did at the beginning.The one thing that may make this movie worthwhile to watch nonetheless , for some , is simply the visual beauty of it . Costumes , locations and sets are generally stunning , and the streets of London are teeming with people , animals and coaches . Given that the whole crew was even dragged to Jodhpur , India , to shoot a few minutes worth of footage , it is however hard to understand why the Brussels episode was shot in the courtyards of Hampton Court Palace , which constitute an unconvincing decor to anyone who knows what Belgian cities look like.What a strange experience it must have been for Natasha Little to play Jane Sheepshanks , the moost goodly character in the story , and witness the insipid Becky of Reese Witherspoon , after having herself starred as the perfect embodiment of Miss Sharp in the BBC dramatization of the novel . That version is superior to this one on every count
 I am a Reese Witherspoon fan . I enjoy her work and many of the other cast members in this fiasco . It was fun to see Natasha Little in this version after doing such a wonderful job as Beckie in the BBC production . I read a review of the new movie a week ago , and thought I would go with an open mind . IT CA N'T POSSBILY BE THAT BAD!For those of you who have read William Makepeace Thackeray 's masterpiece of human nature , deceptions , schemes , and manipulation be prepared for disapointment . Beckie is generally kind and creates a minimal amount of mischief . The movie did n't project much of her cold calculation and planning . It was almost as if Beckie 's character was a do-gooder or a happen-chance stair climber . The couple of things carried out well were Beckie showing her `` plucky '' nature and George Osborne playing a snobby jerk -LRB- in fact , I was eager for his demise ! -RRB- . But the entire relationship between Amelia and Dobbins is almost an after thought . You can almost see the writer saying `` Oh right , they get together in the end - how am I going to squeeze that in ! Let 's do that here . `` I am sure most of this sad representation is because directors have to limit a movie to less than 3 hours . So in turn , the all of the emotions you should feel - the ones where you are rooting for Dobbins , or want to kick Beckie , Rawdon , Pitt , or think , eesh , Ameila get a clue - throughout the movie are lost in this version of this classic . Go buy the BBC version -LRB- available on Amazon and A&E ;-RRB- and have a better evening at home .
 While the books are classics of a genre , Vanity Fairthe movie , is a long and pointless period piece . Theacting is uneven , and the weight given to plot issuesinconsistent . Small moments are fleshed out with greatfretting , while major life changes of great gravityare fliply offhanded in a moment . There are passages , where significant emotional reversals transpire overthe course of two or three sentences of dialog , and nosign of wear or consequence . The wardrobe and sets aresplendid , but they do not carry this otherwise dry moviethat skitters across the veneer of meaningful exchanges.A trash novel `` chick flick '' of nearly the worst order.A much better choice for your dineros would be `` TheNotebook '' or wait for `` Sideways '' to come out . The latteris excellent .
 As a stand-alone film , Mira Nair 's `` Vanity Fair '' might be an enjoyable romp , but as an adaptation of one of the greatest works of literature , it fails miserably . A look at the extended title of the book brings to light one of the more visible failings . Thakeray intended for this to be `` A Novel Without a Hero '' . Nair and Witherspoon -LRB- notorious for her insistence on having her interpretation of character motivation supercede the written script -RRB- fail to realize that Becky Sharp need not be a likeable character to be an interesting character . Had they explored more of what the book illustrated - her persisent selfishness and tunnel-visioned ambition - there would have been no need for the out-of-character acts of continual selflessness and condescension which made the viewer dislike Becky for her rather schizophrenic behavior . I found the character 's mixed ambition and distorted logic distracting and disappointing.The anachronistic song and dance scene tacked on near the end of the film was visually beautiful , but both inappropriate and out of character for the personalities taking place . No genteel woman would have appeared scantily dressed in a public theatrical forum . No ambitious social climber would have risked the reputation so painstakingly built up to incur the wrath that would surely be the reaction of the audience in watching her perform theatrics . It just cemented how badly the book was interpreted by screenwriters , director and lead actress.A story based upon Becky Sharp , but not `` Vanity Fair '' itself would have proven a better film had Nair chosen to honor the ` spirit ' she found in the written novel . This film , as an adaptation , does more to dishonor the spirit of the work that in the featurette she claims to have loved for so many years .
 Reese Witherspoon is adorable but she 's not Becky Sharp . Becky , as anyone who read the book , saw the original movie or watched the BBC production knows was a powerful character . This woman was completely selfish a terrible wife and a worse mother a greedy , grasping monster and yet she was also so fascinating . This was a character you loved to hate . Reese Witherspoon plays Becky as a spirited waif.By changing Becky 's character and her motives the film guts the heart of the story and without that what 's the point ?
 The sets and costumes are gorgeous ; however , I wish more time had been taken on the screenplay , and/or editing . I , like some other reviewers , was a bit confused by the startling transitions - there did n't seem to be a flow or reason to them at all . I 'm wondering if they cut out what might have been explanatory scenes , in the essence of time . Still , the movie clocked in at almost 2 1/2 hours !! So I guess the transitions were my biggest problem , and left me and my boyfriend wondering what in the world was going on . Also , it seemed everyone in the movie aged except for Becky Sharp . Maybe it was a nod to her youthful and witty nature , but come on - a little realism would be nice!Bottom line - if you 've read the book , see it -LRB- it might be similar -RRB- . If you have n't , and you 're looking for a movie that 's beautiful to watch , check it out . If you 're looking for a great storyline - skip it . Rent `` Sense and Sensibility '' instead .
 There are some really eye popping costumes and sets in `` Vanity Fair . `` Reese Witherspoon wears a dress that is the color of lapis lazuli . Amazing.And then there are the sets , which imagine Regency England as awash in Indian craft fair items . You want to go shopping.And there 's a lot of hustle and bustle . People in costumes dance the quadrille ; people in costumes march off to Waterloo to defeat Napoleon.What there is not in this movie is a coherent plot with narrative drive . There also are n't too many believable , coherent characterizations.Who is Becky Sharp ? I do n't know , and I 've seen the movie in which she is supposed to be the main character . I 've been reading other posts and it appears that other viewers have the same questions . Did Becky love her husband or did n't she ? That 's a central point of the movie . You think that it would convey that much to the viewer.Who is Becky 's lover , for that matter ? Rawdon Crawley is played by James Purefoy , an amazingly good looking and charismatic actor . Given how lovely he is , you want to like him . But in the beginning of his relationship with Becky , he 's not given a scene that shows his character . We do n't know if their interest in each other is lust , or love , or ambition , or a superficiality.For some reason , maybe in order to be cleverly stylized ? The script writer and/or director kept numerous key scenes off camera . Important characters marry , die , reject their lovers , reconcile with their lovers , reject or reconcile with their business partners or their own flesh and blood ... all off camera.The viewer only knows that something has happened because someone says something like , `` Oh , did you know that so and so died / married / left his/her spouse ... '' And the viewer feels cheated . Why did n't I get to see that ? How can I connect with any of the characters or the plot if it all happens off camera?There are some fun scenes , but they never work together ; they all seem to come from radically different movies.There are crude scenes spoofing the airs of the British nobility ; these would work in a Monty Python flick . There are scenes of brutal betrayal , there are scenes of love and longing , there are glittering parties and violated corpses on a battlefield ... but they never seem to be servicing the same plot in which develops a coherent cast of characters.Mira Nair 's heavy overlay of Indian touches -- from a manservant with a Krishna Tika on his forehead to a meal of whole hot peppers in an English country house -- calls awkward attention to itself , and just does n't really come off . But , then , nothing in this movie really does.The one unalloyed joy in this movie was Rhys Ifans ' performance as a lovestruck soldier . Ifans was , of course , unforgettable as the gangly goof in `` Notting Hill . '' Given how convincing he was in that performance , it 's hard to believe that he could be as convincingly gallant , wistful , and yearning as he is here . But he does it ; he 's as good as , and reminiscent of , actors like Ronald Coleman and Leslie Howard when they played similar parts.But there 's that problem again . Ifans ' retro heart-on-sleeve performance and Reese Witherspoon 's inescapably all-American and all-21st century brass and sass just do n't work as part of the same movie .
 Even with borrowed special effects shots and one of the most unimpressive -LRB- and thus inexpensive -RRB- spaceship sets in cinema history , the filmmakers behind this dud of a film still ran out of money before it could be completed in 1967 . Five years later , somebody else decided to actually finish the thing - without any of the film 's actors or actresses . The difference is exceedingly noticeable , turning what was a pretty lousy movie into a hopelessly bad cinematic experience . That five-year delay does answer some puzzling questions I had about the film , though - such as why the lift-off procedures of the astronauts were so unrealistic . By the time this film came out in 1972 , we had already been to the moon several times , yet the astronauts here did little more than buckle themselves into Lazy-Boy recliners for liftoff . Of course , this does n't explain why the spaceship completely changes shape four different times as the movie progresses -LRB- sometimes it 's a rocket and sometimes it 's a rotating space station -RRB- , why the script is so incredibly bad , or why no one mentions the well-known fact that Venus is completely uninhabitable for humans!This spaceship that changes shape and size is the culmination of the work of Project Astra and was designed to carry seven men to Venus . That was the plan , anyway - until the military learned about China 's possible use of a Doomsday Machine to wreak havoc along all of the Earth 's fault lines . We do n't know why the Chinese would want to destroy the Earth ; apparently , it 's just one of those `` you know those Red Chinese '' sorts of things . All of a sudden , though , the Venus mission 's schedule is bumped up , important secondary checks are neglected , and -- to the great consternation of the crew - three of its astronauts are unceremoniously dumped for three female scientists - one of whom is actually a Ruskie . It does n't take a genius for the remaining male astronauts to figure out what is going on here - even though none of them believe the Chinese would be stupid enough to destroy Earth . The resulting crew interactions are interesting , as one of the `` highly professional scientists '' suddenly grows several sets of hands , one of the women actually compares the whole mission to a hayride , and the whole story starts to turn into a bad soap opera . Things really get crazy when the ship has to start dodging big ole pieces of exploded Earth and the odd man out figures out that only three of the seven crew members can actually make it to Venus . Then , just when something actually starts happening , the original production ends , and you 're forced to endure two faceless actors in a dark room doing absolutely nothing for what seems like forever.One of the very few interesting things about Doomsday Machine is the fact that both Casey Kasem and Mike Farrell make an appearance . Farrell appears only briefly , while Kasem is the communications officer back on Earth -LRB- and , no , he never tells the astronauts to keep their feet on the ground and keep reaching for the stars -RRB- . There are some hilarious little treats like the crew 's ingenious way of dealing with a radiation threat by basically just hanging a big piece of aluminum foil on one wall and a vivid example of why females working in secretive installations should not wear their hair in pigtails , but the only actual reason to watch Doomsday Machine is just to add another notch to your bad movie belt .
 listen to the commentary , lts the next best thing
 Too much foul language . It put me off following the plot . I have never known people to speak like that . Have a friend that worked on a GM assembly line , speaks real English .
 This review is for the product - the film is an under-rated gem that deserves a full restoration and proper DVD release , but instead Universal has relegated it to this garbage `` Vault Series '' line . What you get when ordering any film in this series is a DVD-R , not a commercially made DVD - with a basic case/cover that anyone could make at home . It 's despicable and following on the heals of Warner Bros. similar attempts , a rather frightening portent of what 's to come . The only recourse we have is to send a message that this is NOT ACCEPTABLE . Do n't pay $ 20 for a 25 cent PC pressed copy ! Universal should be ashamed of themselves!To be perfectly clear , what you get is essentially a home-pressed DVD COPY , not a commercial DVD . There are no menus - you put it in and the film starts , that 's it . No extras , no subtitles , and non-anamorphic middling transfers . Lost is the excellent Paul Schrader commentary from the long out of print Anchor Bay disc . Putting excellent films like this , Tell Them Willie Boy is Here , A Bronx Tale , and others - many of which were previously already available on DVD ! - is absolutely insulting ! They are n't worth the cost of shipping them , but they have the audacity to charge $ 20 a pop ? Absolutely appalling greed that depends on uninformed consumers ordering blindly . Boycott these and they will go away !
 This movie was bad . The acting of the main male vampire was so lame , he looked like he was trying too hard . The rest of the `` vampire clan '' was ok , with the exception of the main female character IMO she acted well . The parents were also bad . The only reason why I watched this movie was because it is based on a true story . The movie does n't explain very much at all . I would have liked to know more , like why did they think they were vampires , why did they follow this lame guy around , etc. . Do not watch this movie , I suspect reading about the real story would be more interesting .
 Note
 Poor script and terrible acting which only served to drive this stinker further into the grave . The long and short of it is it 's a vampire movie with no bite !
 First I 'd like to say that , not only is this movie as low budget as it get 's , the dvd format used does n't even work in all dvd players . Luckily I rented this before I bought it , and was able to get my money back . If you want a movie that is sumized in ten minutes but then takes the rest of the movie to replay that ten minutes over and over and over ... . then this is the movie for you . This makes `` The Blair Witch Project '' look like the best movie ever made . It felt like I was watching a really , really long episode of `` Unsolved Mysteries '' . If this rating system had negative stars I would give it a negative 5 stars .
 For those people watching this for fun , sure the movie might be okay . For those of us who knew some of the people involved , the movie is very far from the truth . The actors and actresses did good jobs , but they were not casted very good and did not portray the actually people . Did have some truth to the story , but there was also a lot missing .
 This is not a vampire movie.It is the story of a repressed boy who kills out of boredom .
 In 1996 the world was stunned as a group of teenagers embarked on a journey that would leave one an orphan , one on death row and the others in prison . Televised , sensationalized and novelized , it became the story of Roderick Ferrell , a sixteen year old self proclaimed vampire whom to this day sits on death row for the murders of Rick and Ruth Wendorf.Now you had to know someone , somewhere , would just have to make a movie out of it . Vampire Clan -LRB- 2002 -RRB- is that movie . Entertaining ? Maybe if you 're 13 , think Marilyn Manson is goth and Satan is cool . Accurate ? I 've never seen four delusional loser vampire wannabe kids look so good on film . But then again , that happens when you hire a pretty cast.The murders were n't committed by some enigmatic tall dark and handsome figure . They were committed by an underweight greasy teenager from a dysfunctional family that spent far too much time playing role playing games and smoking weed . Nothing to idolize here folks.I 've seen far too many teenagers with an angst complex come out of this movie starry eyed and in love with the on screen Rod . This movie was n't made to inform , it was made to entertain . Wake up , read the books and learn .
 This movie was not a good movie at all !!!!! Do n't waste your money on this ! !! 11 year olds try to act gangster it is just so stupid : -LRB-
 My twins insisted I watch Standing Ovation with them . They absolutely love it . They are 8-year-old girls . I 'm a 48-year-old guy ... nuff ' said.Its kind of like watching a Disney musical but without the production values or talent . It reminded me of stuff I used to see in the 80 's . Since I 'm an Amazon Prime customer , I got to watch it for free and I still think I was ripped-off .
 In 1988 , film director Stewart Raffill , released the infamous product placement induced film ; Mac and Me -LRB- the E.T. Rip-off -RRB- . 22 years later , he releases this UNREALISTIC film . first of all , the acting was not very professional . 2nd , the plot makes no sense . and 3 , none of the cast members are famous . I just do n't understand how anybody can come up with such a very dumb film like this , or why movie theaters even bothered to accept this sorry excuse for a motion picture.It is no surprise that most of the videos on youtube received so many negative comments . the trailer was n't very appealing . This movie had very little advertising and promotion . many say that it 's too similar to ` School Gyrls ' . I would n't know because I 've never the movie . I did see standing ovation and was quite sure that the unknown cast members did not know what they were doing . when I saw the movie , others who came to see it left the cinema within minutes of start time . I stayed throughout the whole movie to see if it got any better and ... IT DID N'T ! ! ! the one star i gave is exclusively for DaCav5 and their song ; ` The Runway ' . that is the only part of the film THAT WAS ACTUALLY DONE RIGHT . the rest was 100 % poorly done . most of the music was tolerable , but was n't compatible with the dance numbers . The one number that I found to be most outrageously pathetic was the Dream video with the firefighters . I do n't believe that anybody would want to give it a thumbs up . Also , the scene in the retirement home was blatantly UNREALISTIC.Some scenes in the move were also UNREALISTIC . A frog would n't be able to survive in soup that is as hot as 47 degrees Celsius . Also , nobody can train insects to be obedient . And there is a scene when everyone is getting out of the taxi . 20 passengers CAN NOT fit into the backseat of a car . IT 'S IMPOSSIBLE ! ! ! There are more UNREALISTIC scenes , but I 'm only mentioning those that make the least sense.the one scene that made me cringe was the horse race betting scene . the girl just walks into the place and security does n't immediately do anything about it . she even tries to place a bet but is told no because of her age . It surprised me that nobody other than the cashier and the security officer told the girl to leave . I think that the scene was uncalled for and ... UNREALISTIC.There WAY are too many things wrong with this movie . The cast did not do a very good job . Despite the epic failure , the cast and crew are still full of excitement . they are way too optimistic in my opinion . Many positive reviews are either from those who were involved in making this movie , or those who are in desperate need for mental help . I would n't recommend it to anybody of any age , PERIOD!As for the `` Generic '' cast members , I hope they are never seen or heard from in movies again . The privilege to be an actor/actress is a given and none of these cast members have any right to be in a movie.So once again , Stewart Raffill has managed to create another bad movie . only this time , he has made a movie that has the worst opening in all of United States history . the only thing that I 'm glad Standing ovation lacks is excessive product placement.Standing Ovation ? No . it 's more like The 5 Talentless Girls . A movie that is UNREALISTIC.if you desire to watch a movie that is junior high age , I recommend The Diary of a Wimpy Kid , Stand By Me , or Now and Then -LRB- oh how I miss Gabby Hoffman and Christina Ricci -RRB- . If a musical is what you desire a musical , wathc High School Musical -LRB- sure it 's annoying , but at least it 's professionally done and REALISTIC -RRB- .
 srsly its awful total waist of time , it was free for me but i only got through the first 15 minuets im sorry but it sucked
 Who the heck gave this movie 5 stars . I do n't even think it deserves 1 star . It 's so awful ! The acting is horrible , the story line is horrible , it 's just bad .
 This movie was HORRIBLE ! Neither myself or my 10 year old could make it all the way through this movie . It was very poorly written and acted , it was boring and half the time it did n't make any sense !
 WHY WASTE YOUR TIME ? If you are having a bad day , then wait until you see this stink bomb . My younger siblings love this movie , but I have a strong feeling when they get holder it would be one of those things they would look back on and say `` Why did we think this was good ? '' This movie is n't even worthy of a Raspberry Award . It 's not even that it does n't have celebrity talent , but that it has no talent . My siblings can sing and dance better than these kids and the youngest is two years old . No personal attack on the kids in this film , because they were hopefully doing something they love and had a great time . However , there is beautiful young raw talent out there that could have made this film enjoyable . The film tried to do this underdogs will triumph thing , but I actually thought the mean girls were for a change more talented . Actually , the most talented group in the film had maybe 15 seconds in the movie during the competition . For those , who dare to watch the film even after this I will let you figure it out . Hey you may be more entertained by playing `` Let 's find the mysterious talented act with 15 seconds in the spotlight '' more than the movie itself .
 Let 's just put it this way - this film is awful.No one in this film is famous . No one in this film needs to be famous.Well , I take that back . The only famous person involved in this film is the director , Stewart Raffill , famous for Mac and Me , a blatant E.T. ripoff that won him Worst Director and Worst Picture . It 's too bad more critics did n't see this film ; or it would have probably won Worst Picture this year over The Last Airbender . But I guess most critics could n't even bring themselves to watch it.One of the funniest things about this film is how over-confident it is . Standing Ovation is n't a good name for a film like this . The singing is mediocre -LRB- and not to mention half of the dubbing is wrong -RRB- , the dancing is unoriginal , and the movie ca n't decide whether it 's a performance-based musical or a regular musical . There 's a random musical number in the middle of a restaurant , but other than that , there is no singing other than performances.Maybe if this film were a play at a local theater , it would get a standing ovation . But it wo n't in theaters . I 'm sure none of the 400-500 people who saw the film stood up out of their seats , unless they were leaving early . All of the 5 - and 4-star reviews of this film are by people involved in it . Do n't believe them , believe the fact that this film has a 7 % -LRB- I believe -RRB- on Rotten Tomatoes , the fact that the film 's attendance dropped 94 % after the first weekend , and the fact that it had the worst opening weekend ever for a wide-release film.You 'd be better off watching High School Musical 3 .
 EVERY SINGLE 5 STAR REVIEW IS FROM SOMEONE WHO WAS INVOLVED IN THE PRODUCTION OF THE FILM . DO NOT BUY THIS IT IS TERRIBLE . STAY AWAY !
 Where do I begin ? I love this movie !!! With its hilariously bad acting , non-stop musical monstrosities and completely unjustified self-confidence , Standing Ovation is the Citizen Kane of Stinkbombs . I have n't laughed this hard in months , but trust me , I am laughing AT Standing Ovation , not WITH it!The Queen of this horrific train wreck is pint-sized Alanna Palombo , who goes by the name Alanna Wannabe -LRB- `` And I 'm GON NA BE !! '' she shouts repeatedly -RRB- . Alanna is like the Olsen Twins ' evil cousin who used to torture small animals , probably by singing to them . Her character constantly complains that people do n't love it when she horns in on their performances and flounces about like a possessed Raggedy Ann doll . `` All I Want To Do Is SIIIING !! '' she belts out , leaving viewers to only want to find a toilet . The story of a pre-teen group of girls -LRB- The Five Ovations -RRB- who go up against a group of wigged Mean Girls , called the Wiggies if you can believe it , is bad enough . Then you throw in the working class angst of little Brittany , whose father left her and her brother to subsist with their gambling-addicted grandpa , and the tiny Italian stereotype named Joei -LRB- Joei DeCarlo -RRB- , a mini mafioso with a purse full of electric eels , scorpions and yes , even a cobra , and Standing Ovation blasts into the stratosphere of crackpot genius . It 's a Bad Movie to love and cherish , and there is n't a bad little boy or girl who is n't getting a copy of this DVD with their coal in their stockings this Christmas .
 This set of discs came with scratches on each disc and something about the storage case was n't right the product numer on the binder of the case was unreadable most episodes had pixelation in the backround I played these on a panasonic blu ray player on a three month old Samsung 60 '' LED also tried on my Samsung blu ray and 55 '' LED with the same results . I have a sneeky suspicion the discs were copied were archived , and the originals were packaged up and sold on Amazon as new . From now on I will purchase DVD 's & Blu Rays the first week of release from Amazon exclusively and not from a second party!ThanksDennis
 I was a big fan of CSI New York and really looked forward to Season 7 having thoroughly enjoyed seasons 1 - 6 . They must have changed writers because instead of the interesting , thoughtful crime solving they are getting into `` touch-y feel-y '' drama which is not only annoying but disappointing on many levels . I particularly do n't like the writing they 've done for the new team member Jo -LRB- Sela Ward -RRB- . She 's given to all manner of 1970 's style feminism . It 's dated and old . The investigative format of the first 6 seasons has also been replaced by Rambo-like action of its lab techs and chief MacT . There 's a lot of childish theatrics . I do n't understand why they changed the format of the program but it is disappointing to say the least.As always , the acting is good but unfortunately the actors do n't have a good script to follow . I watched the first 11 episodes of Season 7 and will not watch the remaining 12 or 13 . Needless to say , I will not purchase season 8 .
 I was absolutely disappointed with Season 7 . I was an avid fan of CSI NY . This series has many flaws . The most egregious for me was that 3 episodes from previous series are re-hashed , the only edits are StellaB is replaced with JoD , but the story is the same . How boring it is to watch a whodunnit where you already know the answer . Flummoxed that the producers thought they can take us for a ride like this . In many stories MacT tries a macho image a la Rambo & goes in with guns blazing . Not the cool , reflective , intellectual crime solver that I have grown to like . In fact , in many of the stories in this season , the `` whodunnit '' kind of mystery solving is missing . This is not the hi-tech , crime solving stories that we are used to from the previous 6 series . We also have a very artificial attempt to create a `` human '' image for JoD with an adopted daughter - feels totally contrived & does not touch any chords . A husband & wife team working together - Danny & Lindsay , has the potential to either create sparks or confusion , unfortunately the story provides neither , very tame . MacT ends the series on a very sombre note , so perhaps it is the end of the CSI NY franchise or MacT ????
 I loved the first National Treasure movie for its tight scripting , interesting blend of fact and fiction , good hearted humor and sheer entertainment value . Sadly , this second installment fails on most of these counts.Despite the return of the original cast , the story here simply does not hold together . It is not believable in any sense of the word , as was the case in the first movie -LRB- which is what made it so compelling -RRB- ; the puzzles are outlandish and over the top and the capers silly . It moves along at a good pace and is entertaining , if you can forget how much worse this movie is than the first one . But it leaves you with an empty feeling -- that it could have so much more with a little extra work.Too much of this movie seem contrived . Bringing the mom of the Nick Cage character into the story simply muddied the waters , as did the supposed separation of Nick and love interest . The whole thing at Mt. Rushmore was just silly . All the underground stuff , the secret passages and rickety falling platforms and ladders seemed too too much like the original , except that in the original movie , you might believe it could happen . In this movie , it made no sense and frankly , I did n't care . Lost city of gold ? Somewhere under Mt Rushmore ? Uh , yeah . -LRB- Last time I check , none of the native Americans were masters of mechanical devices and traps ... which you might think the Masons would be good at ... hence it worked in the first movie , not here -RRB- One assumes there will be a third movie in the series . Unfortunately I also assume it will follow the path of Pirates -LRB- same producer , studio -RRB- . First movie great ; second movie , gosh I wish it was better , third movie , what the heck were they thinking -LRB- aside from throwing anything on the screen to make a few million more -RRB- ?
 Love Nicolas Cage , but this movie only makes me more suspicious of sequels . The original was quite watchable , overall ; but this one never got me `` into it '' . At least I 've got a Cage in my collection , now . It just was n't very interesting , let alone exciting ... sorry to say .
 Got a defective DVD in the mail from them . I sent it back as instructed and they refunded my return shipping but I have yet to receive a replacement DVD .
 This is the most idiot movie and the most rediculously foolish plot . I care not to elaborate much more , but the one thing I would like to say is I do n't know why an actress of Helen Mirren 's stature would be in this movie .
 Simply preposterous . A complete waste of time . It made about as much sense as your average Scooby Doo cartoon . Not even the nice Blu-Ray presentation could redeem this cinematic turd .
 Two copies of National Treasure 2 would not play on Windows Media player 10 nor on my Cyberlink player on my computer that I watch nearly every movie on . The problem is copyright protection that Disney put on the disc which makes it incompatible with my system .
 Honestly one to the worst sequeals in memory National Treasure 2 is just plain dumb . From the missing mom of 32 years to the `` kidnapping '' of the POTUS this movie went from dumb to super dumb . You would think that these characters from the NT1 might have a little more clout after finding the greatest treasure of all time , but no , seems they ca n't keep their money , ca n't sell books and as far as finding bootay , well that would not happen for a rich and famous guy anyways ... right ? See how stupid my last comment was ? That 's how stupid the entire movie was . Not even worth a rental , this movie certainly goes on my top 100 worst movies I have ever seen . I wonder if Mannequin 2 is available at the video store ... it might help me cleanse my pallette .
 This has to be one of the worst sequels I have had the mis-fortune to sit through at the cinema.A complete milk on the first film with a complete lack of any other original ideas , it should have gone directly to DVD and then we could pick it up in the bargain basement items .
 Just got my dvd copy today -LRB- 5/20 -RRB- , the cheaper , under $ 15 version . No Goofy cartoon and the transfer was atrocious ! The picture was so choppy in places ! I will be exchanging it later this week . Hopefully my copy was just a fluke , so for right now . . one star . . UPDATE : Returned original copy for a new one . The picture was improved , choppiness gone , but still nothing special as far as transfers go . I 'm not changing my rating because of the lack of Goofy 's cartoon . That was part of the original movie-going experience and Disney chose to leave it off the dvd version . At least , I assume it was Disney . . maybe Goofy wanted to big of a cut ...
 There 's so much wrong about this pitiful film I do n't know where to start ! As an adult , I found National Treasure
 I 'd really like to buy this , but why only full screen . The collectors edition also says it is in full screen . I only buy movies in wide screen
 National Treasure 2
 This movie combined with the bad scrip writing , the overacting and the repeated plot makes it a more of a torture device than a ` family fun ' action drama . Most of the jokes are n't funny and the suspenseful parts are dull , drawn out and listless .
 This title do n't bring the short `` How to Hook Up Your Home Theater '' , with Goofy . I confess I bought this blu-ray only to have that gem . Brazilian buyers may like to know that the disc presents Portuguese subtitles , not mentioned in the package .
 This movie rated a ' 1 ' -LRB- lowest -RRB- for sexual issues on one web-site and a Christian movie review web-site says that it is `` better-than-average . '' Well , there are technically no ` scenes ' of immorality , but the entire sub-plot was around -LRB- SPOILER -RRB- Ben Gates getting back together with his live-in girlfriend . This is n't just a little side-note , but a main point of the film . Completely distasteful and contrary to biblical morality . Do n't allow the absence of actual nudity and sex lull you into thinking that the film is positive or has an OK message.Language was very clean , but other than that , the film was mostly stupid . How finding the lost city of gold would clear Ben 's family name completely eluded us .
 This is one of the worst sequels to a movie I have seen in a while . Ridiculous premise and really a sad commentary on Nicolas Cage agreeing to make such a film given his skills . Jerry Bruckheimer and Disney should have animated this one and sent it straight to the Disney Channel . The plot line and action sequences were implausible and predictable . I would only recommend this film to someone with an Alzheimer condition .
 I enjoyed the first National Treasure movie , and thought I would give this one a try . I was very disappointed , though . The dialogues are weak , jokes are mediocre and predictable , and some directing was inconclusive -LRB- time lines , etc. -RRB- . The actors try hard , but just ca n't pull it off on their own.I give one point for some fun `` treasure hunt '' scenes , and nice shots of D.C. landmarks -LRB- like Mount Vernon , Library of Congress , White House -RRB- . My advise
 The first movie was ok . This one is so overdone it just seemed ridiculous . The car chase scenes go on and on . This movie was like a bad made for TV action movie.Defintely not worth buying , and is n't even worth renting .
 I rented this movie because I really enjoyed the first National Treasure - sort of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade meets The Da Vinci Code with a smattering of The Goonies thrown in for good measure.But for the entire time while watching National Treasure 2 , I had a `` you 've got to be kidding me '' expression plastered on my face . The reason being that the plot structure for the second movie is EXACTLY the same as it was in the first movie . There was even a time during the denoument that I thought the DVD was flawed and it somehow switched over to the end of the first movie . It was that similar.The only real difference between the two movies was the addition of the great -LRB- and still luscious -RRB- Helen Mirren as Ben 's mother . Disney must have paid her a fortune for there is no other reason for her to have done this movie.A real waste of time if you already saw the first movie .
 this movie was your standard issue entertaining enough action adventure movie with good car chases and a decent enough story line and then all of a sudden the president of the united states goes off on a wild goose chase with Ben Gates underneath Mount Vernon looking for what ? f *** if the president knows and then after getting taken for a ride the president of the united states gives some dude he 's never heard of before who just wasted his time top secret government information and its in the library of congress ? Stop , you 're killing me , for real . The movie is impossible to take seriously from that point forward .
 I loved the fun and originality of the first one . This one lacks both . It would have been nice for something fresher than this sequel . Actually it 's not even a sequel ; it 's the same story done again with a bad script . Too bad . Expectations were low but the film exceeded them . And where was the treasure ? Certainly NOT in this film .
 Sadly this is a waste of money ! It has no punch like the first movie and left us wondering if there would be any excitement in this movie . You could easily fall asleep watching this one .
 I liked the first film to some extent even though it was so bogus , but this sequel just went on forever . The plot is even more unbelievable this time around and the actors look like they are just cashing in a check . It 's making a ton of money , but like I Am Legend -LRB- a better but equally flawed film -RRB- it fails to deliver the goods .
 Unnecessary sequel to the 2004 blockbuster sacrifices logic for globetrotting chases and obnoxious comic relief . A solid cast tries to keep the serial-style lunacy afloat , but `` National Treasure 2 '' lacks the fun and intrigue of its predecessor . Mount Rushmore was better served in Alfred Hitchcock 's `` North by Northwest . ''
 I admit that watching the first NATIONAL TREASURE movie was a guilty pleasure , but here ends my enjoyment of anything National or Treasure . Sequels are tough to pull off -LRB- can anyone say `` Indiana Jones 4 ? '' -RRB- and one has to wonder why Hollywood continues to pump them out even when the script fails on almost every level ... and such was the case with National Treasure 2 . If anyone can tell me how finding this new treasure helped solve the Gates family 's problem related to their relatives ' association with the Lincoln assassination , please let me know . Because that was what this film was all about , right ? I mean , we start off with Thomas Gates -LRB- Joel Gretsch , The Legend of Bagger Vance -RRB- being approached by the men who set up President Lincoln 's assassination , who in turn kill Thomas for refusing to give up the secrets to an ancient language in a document they have . We then move on to the current day where this document comes to the attention of the Gates family by the sinister Mitch Wilkinson -LRB- Ed Harris -RRB- who presents his evidence that Thomas Gates was the mastermind behind Lincoln 's death . So Ben Gates -LRB- Nicholas Cage , Ghost Rider -RRB- , his father Patrick -LRB- Jon Voight , Transformers -RRB- , Ben 's estranged wife Abigail -LRB- Diane Kruger -RRB- and Ben 's trusty friend and sidekick Riley -LRB- Justin Bartha , Failure to Launch -RRB- head out to clear the family name by finding the lost treasure of pre-America . But how , exactly , this will clean-up their family name is n't clear ... or even explained . A pretty big hole in the story 's central plot.This plot hole combined with everything we 've already seen in the previous NATIONAL TREASURE film makes this second installment tedious and full of non-surprises . The only positive spin the film can claim is Justin Bartha 's Riley character who infuses almost all of the comedy by having a monopoly on the best lines -LRB- `` Ben , if it were you trying to convince me , you 'd have less evidence and I 'd already believe you by now . '' -RRB- . But that 's it . Even the dastardly character Mitch Wilkinson -LRB- Harris -RRB- does n't stay dastardly ; only moments before he turns `` good '' he was holding a knife to Ben 's mother 's neck -LRB- Helen Mirren , The Queen -RRB- , making his character completely unbelievable now . Gah!National Treasure 2 is a true disaster , with such poor characterization and plotting that it makes the entire film feel like it 's laced with fool 's gold with nary a piece of treasure in sight .
 I was soo looking forward to this film , but ... it lacks the historical magic and the exciting rollercoaster chase of the first , plus it presents a rather lackluster finali . I do not want to give the ending away , but PLEASE , has the author or director ever been to Mount Rushmore ? A Mayan/Toltec ruin in South Dakota ? Hello ! History ! Too farfetched for my blood . And the bickering between the main cast of charaters quickly lost it 's luster.Ack , and so many plot holes . Still , it is far and away better than amnay offering sof late . I give it a C.
 It starts with a retro-looking Goofy cartoon that seems hand-drawn but probably is not . It 's mildly funny.And then there 's the movie `` National Treasure
 ** 1/2In `` National Treasure
 I was very disappointed in this movie . I loved the first one , in fact it 's one of the best movies I 've ever had the pleasure to watch . But this one mostly sucked , with a few good parts that made me hope more was coming . The story line is extremely stupid , the clues are completely rushed and non interesting , and the mystery is almost non existent . A lame excuse for a sequel . The bad guy in this movie is retarded . His reasons for doing what he does , and the things he does do just show you how little creative thought went into the movie and it 's plot . I did find enjoyment in some segments of the movie however , so I 'm not going to say it 's completely unwatchable . Just take what you can get out of it and try to forget the rest . Hopefully a third movie will bring back the things that made the first one so great .
 With a picture like this , the stakes should be high . In this case , the stakes revolve around the reputation of someone who died 140 years ago . `` I 'm doing this for the reputation of my great-great grandfather . '' Really ? A lot of fun stuff and good cast but without having much at stake it just never gets off the ground .
 I thought it was quite boring as it was so similar to the first one in plot and development .
 Ronixus Notes -LSB- ... -RSB- They could have thrown in a couple of dragons and it would not have made the movie more implausible than it already is.Breaking into the Buckingham Palace , screwing around with the Queen 's desk , conniving to get into the Oval Office , manipulating the US President 's schedule and kidnapping him at the same time , then while at it convince the President to reveal the location of a top secret government document - such daunting tasks . Well this trio - Ben , Riley and Abigail certainly made it appear easy.The movie began with a premise deeply rooted in reality - a scene during the Civil War where Lincoln had been murdered . Then all hell broke loose . The climax of all improbabilities is when they discover the age-old treasure lying under Mt. Rushmore . How could someone not stumble upon such a large stash of treasure in more than 100 years ? Could n't they have chosen a less conspicuous spot?I just ca n't believe the genius of Riley . He 's hacking into security systems of virtually everything . How they managed to evade capture from the cops when the entire nation is watching them , is beyond me . This is too much to take in . What 's worse , there seems to be a part 3 in the making . OMG .
 While I thought the first National Treasure movie was great , I was a bit disappointed when I saw this one.Some people complained that in the first movie , Nicolas Cage 's character seemed to figure things out too quick , like the riddle they found on the Charlotte . My defense for that is that they ca n't just show him sitting there thinking for over a half hour , because it will slow the film . But in this movie , the answer just pops into his head right away ; he does n't even seem to have to think at all.Some things in the movie are too predictable . For instance , we find out in the beginning that Abigail has broken up with Ben and kicked him out of their house , so obviously we know that they will end up back together . The same goes for Ben 's parents . We see them together and they ca n't stand one another , so we know that they will also be together again.I think that Ed Harris is a great actor and I was glad to see him in this movie , but he does n't make a good nemesis . He 's just all over the place . First he 's just a jerk , then he 's a villain , then he 's a nice guy and is more like Ben 's partner , then he pulls a knife and is bad again , then he 's the hero . I just do n't buy it.Last of all , the treasure hunt in this movie was pointless to me . When Ben and his father find out that Ben 's great-grandfather might have been involved in Lincoln 's assassination , they say that if they find this treasure , it will prove his innocense . What ? How does finding this treasure prove anything?Sorry to spoil some people 's fun with a bad review , but I just did n't like this movie . So I guess I 'll just pretend this sequel was never made and keep on enjoying the first movie , which I thought was great .
 Not as good as first one , plot too complicated , did n't make sense . Just bought it because part of it filmed in Black Hills , where my husband grew up .
 Dragged on and on . Very predictable . Could have been better . Do n't bother with this one . Blab blah blah blah blah .
 While not the greatest film ever , National Treasure -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- had a few good things going for it . It was a feel good adventure film that lacked bloodshed , profanity , or sexuality of any kind . I am against censoring these things from films , but I respect the feelings of fellow moviegoers who enjoy milder entertainment . It also had a patriotic , but not jingoistic , hero who was willing to risk spending the rest of his life in a federal prison to see that the ultimate good was served . Which is a breath of fresh air from all of these `` stylish '' antiheroes who when viewed from a moral standpoint , are little if any better than the villains.Other than trying to scare up a few box office dollars , I can think of no other reason why this sequel was made . It suffers from the same problem as 99 % of all sequels because it recycles rather than continues the story of the preceding film . It follows the same formula as its predecessor - one clue leads to another clue , which leads to ... rinse and repeat . The only things different are superficial details and the addition of Benjamin 's mother to the fray . There is just nothing here that contains even a molecule of originality.Adding to that , it is as ridiculously predictable as a broken clock being correct twice a day . You 've seen this all before whether it be the strained relationship between Ben 's parents or how Ben gets himself into trouble with the FBI - and how both problems are resolved . It really makes me wonder if they were going for a sequel or a rewrite of the first movie.What is really depressing about this film is that when it is compared to the recent cinematic trends -LRB- needless remakes , Eli Roth torture films , potty humor comedies , and Americanized J-horror -RRB- , it 's actually not a bad movie . Then again , looking good by default does n't make something good in fact . This is not the worst movie ever made . Far from it . It just has a long way to go before it can be called good .
 Sometimes you can forgive , even appreciate , when Hollywood offers up a formulaic story that offers few surprises . This film is n't one of those instances . Pedantically predictable .
 This film comes off a slick marketing stunt and skin-deep alibi for why the NY Times - called `` the Grey Lady '' in its heyday - fell on its own double-edged corporate media sword . It denies the stunt with a bit of skill over the usual reasons for failure -LRB- paradigm shift of online news , web classifieds competition , etc. -RRB- A good deal of the story is told through the NY Times and life of former drug addict turned rehabbed and righteous reporter - David Carr . Choosing this kind of character to build sympathy for a corporate product is a very old PR tactic . The pick of what appears an everyday hardworking ex-underdog as spokesman to buff-clean the toxic NYT `` news '' record could hardly be accidental.Now to the core reasons for the fall ... NYT 's utterly phony `` reporting '' on the need for an Iraq War by a `` she-acted-alone '' scapegoat operation starring Judith Miller goes well beyond the inexcusable . This is as close to a criminal act for any news source in memory -LRB- a million plus dead in Iraq along with thousands of Americans over a trillion dollars in blood money to a swollen Big Oil military-security complex -RRB- . Withholding the story of illegal spying on American citizens by Bush/Cheney to insure Bush victory for 2004 is another obvious example for why the paper has vaporized most of its credibility.To suggest as others have that `` everyone in the media was doing it '' and nobody else knew better is an arrant crock for a transparently cooked `` war on terror '' -LRB- backed by 935 official lies passed on by the U.S. corporate media as of 2008 according to the Center for Public Integrity -RRB- . Bloggers all over the web were posting real reporting as opposed to NY Times fraud and deception on Iraq . This , without the vast budget and resources of the NY Painted Hooker . -LRB- The facts were available from people like UNSCOM inspector Scott Ritter -RRB- A sample of the NYT being busted for soiling itself in action ... The NYT `` Covers '' the Susan Lindauer Hearing -LSB- ... -RSB- Yeah , the NY Times occasionally turns in a good story but when the bought message becomes the medium , it 's not worth the paper it 's no longer printed on . No , the NY Times is not uniquely crooked . But it has become the Tokyo Rose of the corporate media snake pit.Cute moments aside , this film is whitewashed propaganda .
 This film examines the decline of the newspaper business from the point of view of the smug , self-important reporters who have been polishing the brass on the Titanic over the past dozen years . They blame everyone but themselves for their failures . Monster took our job ads . Craigslist stole our classifieds . Bloggers are scooping us . It 's everyone else 's fault but their own . Nonsense . If their reporting was anywhere near the quality it used to be , people would still be buying the paper on and offline . Of course the NYT lost revenue streams . That 's what happens in business . This film reveals the cause of their looming downfall . A failure to adapt brought on by snobbery and short term risk aversion . The chose to trim the meat with the fat . The result can be spelled out in four words . Iraq , Iraq , Iraq , Iraq .
 I went into this movie thinking I was going to see a general look at the struggles of the newspaper industry . Instead this movie appears to be a one sided agenda driven story , with the goal of convincing the viewer that the New York Times is still relevant , and why . I do n't believe that was the goal for this film , but considering that the story is seen through the eyes of one NYT newsroom instead of a more general point of view , it leaves you wondering about the other side of this important story.One question that I believe is central to this media debate is the value of paid reporters and who they work for . This documentary correctly asserts -LRB- through the voice of NYT reporters -RRB- that you ca n't replace on the scene reporters with bloggers working from home . However , the film never investigates the possibility that the news world can get along without a centralized regime that revolves around the New York Time 's shoe leather reporting . Can other media outlets -LRB- and yes , including web based operations -RRB- provide shoe leather reporting as well as the Times ? Can the The Grey Lady -LRB- and other legacy media giants -RRB- evolve into the modern instant access news outlet that the public craves ? What about the TV network news giants , will they still be relevant as the `` Me '' generation grows up and takes over ? If you want the answer to any of these questions , do n't bother watching this film.If instead you are a fan of the New York Times and you are hoping to hear evidence that the paper is still on the right track , buy some popcorn and enjoy this movie .
 This movie was not only an insult to legitimate Rabbi 's ; but it was also an insult to everyone that is a minister ; that considers themselves a man , or woman of God . This is nothing more than another Liberal attempt to smear God , and make mockery of the faith of all believers .
 I saw this and thought , what the heck , why not check it out . The first 3 reviews that for some reason all 5-stars and higher on the page than the two 1-star reviews intrigued me.Well , I 'm not sure if this is just some sort of weird Internet joke they 're pulling on us or what , but the movie is horrific.There are n't any good fight scenes in this , first of all . You can tell that people are pulling their punches because of how poor the action is . The editing makes the combat even worse , showing you that the choreography just did n't flow . And , finally , it 's just extremely boring.The gunplay is also , just like the fighting , blatantly fake . There are better video edits on gun flare and people ` pretending ' to fire the guns on YouTube than here . Heck there are pretty much better short films on YouTube made by college students on YouTube.The movie also is n't stocked full of really good looking people.The story is bad . Horrible even.The quality of the film itself is bad . Grainy , almost non-HD film , definitely not with a quality camera made for filming outdoors or in action scenes . Even poorer considering how much it makes your realize that there is a lot of post-editing done.Don ' t waste your money , do n't fall into the Internet joke of the -LRB- as of this writing -RRB- 3 5-star reviews . This movie is bad , it 's not worth $ 1.99 rental , do n't even think about buying it , just close your browser window . Now !
 High school kids make better films !!!! $ 0.10 is too much for this title ! To say it is a ripoff is to be too kind !! To give this film even one star is to insult all other one star films !
 I rented this movie based on its single review . What a mistake ! The photography looks like it was done using 8 or 16mm film . The action is jerky is places , the color badly balanced and the focus is not very sharp . The dialogue is stilted and the main actor sounds like a young Arnold Schwarzenegger . I do n't know if that is intentional or not.This movie was a waste of an hour and a half of my time . Not recommended .
 Ugh . Total waste of time . A basic mashup of Craven 's older -LRB- and better -RRB- films cause he clearly he has no imagination left but had to spew something out to cover rent.The first 5 minutes were actually good . The remaining hour and a half is a confusing mess of poor acting , poor script writing , poor cinematography , poor gore -LRB- or lack there of -RRB- . Do yourself the favour and check out the new film Chain Letter . While not ground breaking either , it makes the most of what a fun slasher should be like .
 My Soul to Take is easily one of the worst horror movies ever made . It 's hard to believe that the movie is done by Wes Craven , who did Nightmare on Elm Street and the Scream movies . The film is poorly shot and just feels like a straight to dvd movie . The pacing is horrible with teens randomly killed by a masked man that 's more laughable than scary , the acting sucks as well.I could n't wait for Scream 4 but not after seeing this awful movie . My Soul to Take , makes it appear as if Craven has forgotten how to make a good horror film . Cursed may have hinted to it , but My Soul to Take makes it more clear . The movie is so bad , that your soul might try to leap out to escape .
 Why and how the condor fits into this story does n't make sense but then again nothing else does either . The first ten minutes or so are tense and exciting fooling the viewer into thinking they are in for a fun thrill ride-it does n't happen , even so within that ten minutes is one of the dumbest sequences I 've seen in a long time.Would a policeman fire multiple shots into a knife-weilding maniacs back when that policeman knows that standing in front of and facing the madman is a 6 year old girl?The bulk of the movie is badly paced , all fits and starts-kinda like an arthritic chipmunk on crutches . 7 children are born the same night the serial killer `` dies '' and 16 years later his spirit returns to off the birthday teens , even his spirit moves between them so one or more of the kids is murdering the others . But which one ? Maybe it 's the one who has a fascination with American condors-maybe it 's the oddball-maybe it 's , who cares?The climax of the movie is ok but ruins itself by slowing down and going on too long making one think something is going to make you jump but just like that arthritic chipmunk it just limps off.And I have to confess I did n't understand all the importance of the American condor in the film . I guess maybe there is supposed to be some connection between a condor and a serial killer.A very disappointing film from Wes Craven -- but Scream 4 will be released soon .
 Not even the likes of Wes CravenCould save this film from bad movie haven `` Cursed '' and `` Shocker '' - those were awfulBut this one 's so bad , it should be unlawfulIt amazes me how people could be suckered inBy a movie that should be in the bargain binEven the 3D , with picture so flatWill make you say `` enough of THAT `` The mystery surrounding a small town killeris what is the plot of this cringe-worthy thrillerAnd especially the characters , which we 've seen beforeAdd to this movie being a flat out boreThe dialogue is awful , the acting just sucksYou 'll await the end of this waste of hard-earned bucksAnd even the twist , which is just a guessing gameIs predictable as hell , and flat out lameBoring , depressing , unworthy and dullYou 'd be better off staring at the nearest wallLet 's hope Wes can improve with Scream 4Which hopefully will be good and not such a bore
 This movie is about a serial killer with multiple personalities who gets caught . Wait ... No , it 's about a group of friends who include a weirdo , his best buddy , a blind black kid who gets around everywhere in the town without a seeing eye dog and who is really Forest Whittaker 's son , and several other teenagers who were born on the same day as the killer who may all be killers themselves -LRB- ?? -RRB- . Darn ... that 's not right either ... OK . This movie is really about a boy who is mentally disturbed and has a weird penchant for dressing up like a condor bird and freaking other people out for no reason.Actually , I give up ... I went to see this at the movie theatre . The film was shown in the smallest room at the darkest end of the emptiest theatre hallway . The movie itself was so incredibly insignificant that the theatre people did n't bother to put the sign up at the door to even let us know that we were in the right room . After that , the movie started and people began to get up and leave , one by one until it was just me and my best friend . My friend and I suspected that we were fools for staying , yet once we realized the movie was never going to make any sense it was too late ... One week later the movie was no longer featured at any movie cinema in the U.S. , but the worst thing is this
 Please , do n't waste your money . This movie was so bad on so many different levels . I love scary movies , this was not scary and not in the least bit entertaining either . Confusing , hard to maintain interest . The premise of the plot was good , but so horribly executed . The acting was also very bad . If I could have given it NO stars I would , but the lowest possible rating was one star .
 The movie was not quite what I was hoping but for the cheap price that I got it for I ca n't complain much so if you can get it for less than $ 5 get it just because it is Wes Craven ...
 And I 've seen `` Vampire in Brooklyn '' and `` Cursed . '' This film , however , is humorless and dull . I wanted to like this movie , but I just could n't . I knew I was in trouble when my brain shut down during the many conversation scenes between the main character and his best friend . And the finale was all over the place , with characters popping up one after another and tying up plot holes with forced dialogue . I felt like I was watching a spoof of a whodunit .
 My Soul to Take marks legendary horror helmer Wes Craven 's first foray as a writer/director since 1994 's awesome New Nightmare , but sadly enough , the film lacks any of the inventiveness , personality , or plain guts that made Craven such a force to be reckoned with in the first place . The plot revolves around a group of teens , all of whom were born the night that a schizophrenic serial killer known as The Ripper was killed . Now one of them -LRB- Max Thieriot -RRB- appears to be exhibiting similar behavior , and those around him are dropping like flies . Drawing heavily on his own A Nightmare on Elm Street , My Soul to Take instead finds Craven injecting the film with some atrocious dialogue , horrible acting , bland and boring pacing , and some unbelievably sloppy editing as well . It really strikes me hard to see Craven behind something so bad as this film . I was never a fan of his much loved Scream series , but I 'd take any of those films over this piece of crud . Do yourself a favor , no matter how much of a fan you may be of Wes Craven 's classic horror films , avoid My Soul to Take at any and all costs .
 This is supposed to be a film by one of the top directors in Hollywood ... but what a mess!My first problem was with the dialogue . Some of the delivery was mumbled and difficult to hear . Then , the one character tends to make something an opposite , and that got confusing . For example , he gets punched in the gut , and instead of saying it hurt , he would say it felt good . I realize this was his way of getting through tough times , but sometimes this logic was applied to out of the ordinary situations and it became confusing.The next issue was continuity . This film had NONE . All characters suffered this . Watch their hair . In one scene , a hair style can change shape , color , and styles , and no one notices . It can go from flat to fluffy in seconds ! Another boo-boo is one character sneaks back into the house after curfew . he dives into his bed fully dressed , his arm above the covers ... in the next second , his arm is completely covered!And the biggest insult is when a knife goes in someone , since when does it sound like two knives scraping together coming out ?
 Where to begin ? Right off
 My Soul To Take this will be a rant this movie is so forgettable it was suppose to be released in 2009 but they had to have it in 3D so it was released last year & honestly f v c k 3D . Directed by Wes Craven which I 'd except this kind of directing out of Rick Bota . Stars Max Thieriot as Bug , John Magro as Alex Dunkelman , Nick Lashaway as Brandon O ' Neil , Paulina Olszynski as Brittney Cunningham , Zena Grey as Penelope Bryte , Emily Meade as Leah & Christopher Place as The Riverton Ripper . Story is this there 's this killer on the loose & some guy named Abel is making toys for his soon to be son however Abel is the murderer . He has personality issues . He kills his wife in bed the cops kill him the baby is fine & they happen to have a Daughter Leah who is messed up by the events . The Ambulance Abel is in crashes off the bridge or whatever . 16 years later you have a group of local teens that all happen to be born on the day Abel was killed . Except for Zena Grey I do not care for these characters cause `` When I do n't care about the characters I do not care about the movie . '' That is always a major flaw that & this movie has a awful storyline . So each year these kids have to take a stand against The Spirt Of The Riverton Ripper . Which is the worst slasher villain in a long time . Gho s tface is more rememberable . They choose Adam they call him Bug . The police stop the party & 1 of the teens is killed by The RR . The next morning your introduced to Brandon O ' Neil star jock & big a s h o l e . He beats up Bug & his friend Alex cause of this girl Bug likes . Penelope stands up for them . You have a rather dumb sce in Science Class where Alex dresses up as a bird & I do n't care what kind it is . Penelope is killed by The Ripper so the only likeable character is dead . You have Bug 's Sister Leah tell Brittney that her brother has killed people & he has been institutionalized . Bug 's cell phone fell into Brittney 's purse . Later on that Brandon guy is chasing Brittney through the woods & he wants to have his way I guess . There killed by The Ripper & it looks like it all points to Bug . I 'll get to the finish cause I hate this movie . It 's Bug 's 16th birthday & his sister gives him the rocking horse that Abel made & Leah has the house he made . She tells Bug that Abel was our father & the killer is Bug 's friend Alex Bug saves the day he 's held as a hero & that 's the movie . This movie was boring & cliche . Cliche films can be good with good acting & directing . Awful directing by Wes Craven . Max Thieriot was bad . John Magro was bad . I 'd rather had Zena Grey be the lead . Nick Lashaway was bad . Paulina Olsznski was nothing special . Emily Meade was ok . Awful directing bad acting what else can I say .
 Right off the bat this move is confusing and misleading . Who is this guy the killer is talking to on the phone ? What was he `` supposed to tell her ? '' Was he schizophrenic or was he possessed ? We never find any of this out.Later our main character `` Bug '' is in school getting beat up and is angsting about girls for about 30 minutes . What does this have to do with the killer ? I do n't care , get back to people being killed ! Okay so every kid born on the day that the killer died is being murdered exactly 16 years later . Why ? Why are they being killed ? What does this `` evil soul '' gain from it ? What did it wait 16 years ? What 's so magical about the number 16 ? We never find out and it 's never explained.Later we find out that the `` evil soul , '' made a deal with Bug 's father . Why ? What was the deal ? What was each side getting out of the deal ? It 's never explained , we 're just expected to accept it.Also , why is Bug obsessed with the California Condor ? It 's never explained and it never had any impact on the story other than the fact that he makes a costume of one and goofs around in school with it . The mother does say that it 's a bird of `` Spiritual rejuvenation that cleanses the earth of the dead so that new life can begin . '' Okay ... and ??? Seriously , that 's the only explanation we 're ever given about this character trait.At the end of the movie when Bug kills his friend who was possessed by the killer , the cops show up . Explain this to me , why do the police believe a 19 year old punk girl with a criminal record when she says that her retarded 16 year old brother who is in a house full of dead bodies , is covered in blood , AND holding the murder weapon is innocent . No questions asked , he 's just instantly applauded as a hero who killed the killer in self defense . Seriously , he 's not even held for questioning or taking into custody , not ONE question do the police ask about what happened . They just show up , nod their heads at him and clean up the bodies and the blood.This had me scratching my head for about 15 seconds until I saw , `` Directed by Wes Craven . '' Then it all made sense . The police in his movies are always dumber than a box of rocks.Mr . Craven , this was utterly stupid , stick to writing movies about Freddy Kruger , it 's the only thing you can do remotely well .
 Well there 's 107 minutes of my life i wo n't get back -LRB- yes , i kept hoping it would redeem itself but it never did -RRB- . Hands down has to be the most terrible slasher flick I 've ever seen . Seriously , not even worth the rental fee !
 From `` The Hills Have Eyes '' to `` Scream '' Craven has reenergized the genre with many of his films helping to reinvent a genre that had run out of steam several times . He 's also directed his fair share of bad movies and `` My Soul to Take '' falls into that category as it is predictable and almost amateurish compared to many of his other films.The premise itself would n't be so bad except even for a horror film it has too many coincidences and implausible plot points . It 's as if Craventook a mental vacation while directing this film forgetting everything he learned from ALL the films he 's directed and many of the missteps here are what I would expect from a first time writer/director . Many of the shots are clumsy in both set up and execution and the exposition is n't handled very well either with most plot points telegraphed as if the audience had an I.Q. of 50 . The Blu-ray looks quite nice with a solid looking presentation . The problem for many people will be the fact that this is a flipper disc . Did n't Universal learn from their past mistake using dual layered , flipper discs ? They were n't popular , prone to problems that occurred due to the pressing process , easier to damage and , in general , a bad format idea . I hope tha this horrible format bites the dust and soon.I also have to wonder WHY this was shown in 3D ? None of the shots take advantage of the format and it clearly was just a move to capitalize on the popularity of the format at the time.Audio sounds fine throughout.The special features are underwhelming as well with stars Max Thieriot , John Magaro , Emily Meade and director Wes Craven discussing the making of the film and oblivious to how bad it is . We also get about 20 minutes of deleted scenes , two alternate endings and an alternate opening for the film . None of these would have improved the film which has the premise for a solid TV episode -LRB- if not for the implausible elements which continue to build throughout the film -RRB- and a predictable whodunnit element . `` My Soul to Take '' is an awful horror film lacking any thrills and , at times , it looks like it was written and directed by someone who does n't understand the genre at all.Skip it.A serial killer suffering from dissocative personality disorder -LRB- misidentified as schizophrenia in the film which is a DIFFERENT condition -RRB- ends up killing his wife before being shot by police . He disappears after being rushed to the hospital after making a vow tha the would return to kill any children born on that night . His daughter survives.It is suggested that , perhaps , his soul would inhabit one of the seven babies born the night he died .16 years later someone is killing those teenagers born on that night using the MO of the Riverton Ripper -LRB- as he was called -RRB- and many of the clues suggest it could be Bug -LRB- Max Theiriot -RRB- who also appears to suffer from multiple personalities as well .
 The trailer for the movie was awesome , and and the actual idea of the movie was great . The execution of the movie -LRB- and the executions in the movie as it were -RRB- was terrible.The acting was completely off and many of the times the lines just felt forced from the actors ' mouths . More often then not , the actors were never really scared , a little weird in and of themselves , but not afraid . They said they were , but they did n't convey they were . I do n't want alot of screaming from the actors when they see a dead body of their friend , but for a couple of them , they were n't even shocked.Much of it just ended up feeling cheesy and disconnected from the rest of the story.I do n't recommend buying this , which I did . Its worth about five dollars or less.I could n't believe something like this came from Wes Craven . I was prepared for a great movie , and left feeling extremely disatisfied.As for the actual product
 this movie was awful , if you have A.D.D. then maybe you 'll luv it but other than that , you think you are getting a thriller with some scary moments but in fact you are getting part comedy and half crazy . do n't buy this , it was a waste of 20.00 dollars !
 ONE OF THE WORST MOVIES EVER ... THAT 'S ALL IM SAYING . WAKE ME WHEN IT 'S OVER . THE MOVIE INDUSTRY HAS FALLEN TO HELL . THIS MOVIE WAS JUST SOMETHING TO MAKE SOME MONEY . SAW IT WHEN IT CAME ON CABLE . LOL AND NOW THE MOVIE INDUSTRY IS MAKING REMAKES OF REMAKES AND REMAKES OF THE REMAKES THEY JUST MADE ! GO FIGURE ...
 What a mess of a horror flick . Nothing makes sense in this and the violence felt very tame . Avoid this one and you 'll thank yourself in the end .
 This film is without doupt , in my opinion the single most terribly directed movie of all movies I have seen in the past 11 years , and believe me , there has been a lot.I can not honestly picture just what got Wes Graven and team to produce the whole thingy in the first place.Well , because I have n't read any interview or anything taken with him and the film crew which might explain all the fuss and all the mess.The five star reviews here must definately be by people who really like this film.Well I do n't . I feel this is no attack on the senses and that the worst part of the film is the music.Wes Graven knew he had done much better movies than My Soul To Take -LRB- consider A Nightmare On Elm Street.The music sucked , the film sucked , they forgot to let the guy make his promise - I can not honestly know if I saw any part of the 10 or 20 minutes or so I saw of the film , that was up to any good.If the universe has an explanation for what went wrong , maybe Stephen W. Hawking has the answer.Hollywood , what is the matter with you ?
 I ordered this DVD and I expected it to play correctly and it ended up stopping and going half way through the movie . I didnt save the receipt because I thought it would play like all the other DVD 's I 've ordered but it didnt . I wasted my money on a broken DVD .
 I thought it was the end of flip disc once blu ray disc came out.Nobody wants flip disc it looks stupid and I like 2 see the art work on the disc .
 Wes Craven has always been the type of director who makes genre classics -LRB- A Nightmare On Elm Street Scream -RRB- or genre dogs -LRB- The Hills Have Eyes Part 2 , Cursed -RRB- . When it comes to his films no middle ground seems too exist whatsoever . My Soul To Take falls under the category of dog . This film is a watered down slasher movie with supernatual overtones . No suspense , no gore , a confused plot and hideous performances .
 What happend to Wes Craven?His movies used to be so good.I guess he does n't have the touch anymore.This movie was bad in so many ways.I think it 's time for ol' Wes to retire.Do Not waste your time or money on this cr@p!you'll be sorry if you do !
 I expected to really be scared , or in suspense with this movie , but I did n't find that , it dragged a little , it was different , but the only real suspense is finding out who really was doing all of the killing not a real shocker once you find out . An okay movie that probably will not get watched twice .
 I was really looking forward to this as Wes Craven was writing and directing like he did back on Nightmare On Elm Street . However in the end it just did not deliver . It was shot really well and the concept was great , but it did not equal the sum of it 's parts . It got confusing and lost its focus half way through . it was n't terrible , but I was just hoping for more .
 This movie made me sad . I 've loved Wes Craven films for years and was really looking forward to seeing this . Wow , was this was a bad movie.Things start making no sense almost immediately . The dialog is completely inane . None of the characters are likeable , or sympathetic . The story makes very little sense . It 's not scary at all . The special effects are laughable . The only character development comes at the end of the movie . The ending is a giant jumbled mess.I do n't need my horror films to be full of gore to enjoy them , actually quite the opposite . But a decent , plausible storyline is a must.This was a terrible disappointment
 I definitely suggest reading a few reviews before viewing this one . As with all trailers nowadays , they can be very misleading . My Soul To Take , a poor excuse of a film from someone whom I thought was a talented director , is no different when it comes to its trailer . I missed this in theaters and I actually wanted to see it . So I was semi-excited to view it for first time . Well that enjoyment lasted for about 25 minutes . Opening scene was great IMO , but the movie went downhill from there , attempted to get confusing , became cheesy with CGI killings and one liners , as well as being predictable . I wo n't add any spoilers so you can see for yourself , I dont like ruining anyone 's viewing as I do n't like mine ruined . This movie seemed rushed , and should not have been . There was definite potential here , just poorly executed . I 'm not big into cheesy horror , and this was one of em . I enjoy all the screams , the original nightmare , original hills have eyes , even original last house on the left , but this one seemed like an outlier , being something completely different from Craven . Sometimes different can be good , with this movie , different was not best choice.If you really want to watch it , just rent it so you do n't dish out 20 or 25 bucks . It 's not something you 'll want to watch over and over like Craven 's others . I hope that I 've been helpful..-Cam
 We learned two things while viewing this movie .1 . -RRB- Never ever harm one feather on the American Condor and 2 . -RRB- we wo n't watch another Wes Craven film.We enjoyed most of Wes Craven 's work . We enjoyed The Hills Have Eyes , Last House on the Left , Nightmare on Elm Street films -LRB- most of them anyhoo - a few were stinkers -RRB- , Shocker -LRB- we got a giggle from the villian -RRB- , People Under the Stairs , Cursed -LRB- we think it is suppose to be a comedy -RRB- , the Scream movies -LRB- very funny -RRB- among others ... so we are indeed fans of his work.However , this was not up to par . It took a while to get started and quite frankly I do n't understand the whole school rating system and life story subplot ??? The witty banter amongst highschool students was rather lame and gave no substance to the movie . Characters
 Buried in this mostly-mess of a slasher movie are some interesting bits about the condor in Native American mythology and the idea of multiple souls being housed in one body . Unfortunately , neither of these concepts get developed satisfactorily by old warhorse Wes Craven -LRB- Nightmare on Elm Street , Scream -RRB- , as by-the-book teenager slashing occupies way , way too much screentime.One of the oddly jarring things about this movie is that it confuses schizophrenia and multiple-personality disorder in its tale of a schizophrenic serial killer with multiple personalities , one of which is a serial killer . Frankly , it 's sorta dumb . Seven teenagers born the night the serial killer -- blandly named the Ripper ! -- died in the small town of Riverton are now 16 . Apparently , that means they 're of legal age to get slaughtered.But is the serial killer dead ? Is one of the teenagers possessed by the evil spirit of the serial killer 's serial-killing personality ? And why is there an entire subplot about the evils of high school that plays like a bush-league version of Heathers?Yes , there are many mysteries here , including how a slasher film ended up with a jaunty cartoon for its end credits . The abrupt tonal shifts and ridiculous developments kept me interested , though not in a way that would make me say , ` This is a good movie . ' Too many rote killing scenes and too many characters one does n't care about .
 Utterly amazing that anybody could think this clunker was a breath of fresh air , but I digress . All this was , was a big old mess of nothing . Introducing characters who are spiteful , mean , and lacking opposable thumbs AND then building your `` story '' around a child 's game of `` tend-like , '' does not make for good entertainment for anybody . Questions are asked -- but NEVER answered , e.g. was `` Bug '' schizophrenic , possessed , or just had a bad case of gas ? Well ... you 'll NEVER know . Another shockingly bad plot `` twist '' was an entire TOWN gets together to celebrate the grisly murders of seven people . What happened to the Fourth of July ? With yet another piece of doo-doo to add to his credit , it seems Wes Craven is fastly gaining pace with George Romero to see whose career tanks first . Right now , I 'd say they 're neck and neck.The movie is rated R for language and violence , and is a complete waste of time . Rent -- if you must -- but do n't buy .
 Every year on `` Ripper Day '' -LRB- the day where a serial killer known as the Ripper died -RRB- seven friends who share a birthday get together to `` ward off his spirit '' . This year something different happens . During the annual `` Ripper day '' festivities Bug -LRB- Thieriot -RRB- is chosen to `` fight off the ripper '' , after he fails his friends say its all a joke anyway and not to worry . But then things go wrong . This movie had a very neat idea
 The front cover says `` Spine Tingling . '' When , where , or how was this movie spine tingling . The acting was terrible . The movie was boring and slow and offered nothing that we have n't seen before in horror films . Severe lack of effort here in casting , plot , and dialouge . This movie was n't scary at all , just a cheap slasher film .
 I went to see Scream 4 this weekend just gone and just loved it . The Scream movies were the start of my love for horror films and Wes Craven . When I got home after seeing Scream 4 I decided to keep to the Craven theme and chucked My Soul To Take in . I watched the whole thing and wished I didnt even bother . Especially after watching Scream 4 it doesnt even come close in comparison and I can not believe it is even a Wes Craven movie . Go see Scream - it is brilliant . My Soul To Take is NOT !!
 Prey for Rock 'N' Roll tries hard to be a gritty docudrama about the emotional fallout of aging in the music industry when you have n't come close to succeeding in the first place . Instead the film falls into forced melodrama . From the graphic violence , to the stereotypical lesbian band members , to the end on a high note climax ; Prey For Rock 'n' Roll is horribly formulaeic . The viewer knows what to expect from beginning to end , and that 's not why I go to see films.Sure Gina Gershon looks the part as the tattooed biatch in motorcycle boots . But one listen to her and her band , and one can see why they never made it big . Derivative punk , mediocre lyrics , and `` playing '' that lacks innovation will stymie the efforts of any wanna-be -LRB- which is what Gershon and her band are -RRB- . Honestly , I ca n't remember the name of the band or any of the characters in the film as the film fails to create characters that we , the audience , might actually care about . We are given stereotypes to identify with , not people . The only glaring exception being Gershon 's character , a character so unlikable you hope fervently that she gets her richly deserved comeuppance . Then again maybe life has already done that for Gershon 's character ; by failing to make her the rock star she so desperately wants to be.All in all , Prey For Rock 'N' Roll is a trite and mediocre film you watch when you 're bored and there 's nothing else to watch or to do .
 This poorly written , poorly acted movie has so many flaws I do n't know where to begin . It 's chock full of rock and roll stereotypes and the usual , predictable plots . An aging lead singer of a chick rock band , overplayed to the hilt by Gina Gershon , is suffering a rock and roll midlife crisis in her forties . She does n't know if she wants to keep the band together . The band consists of a bass player portrayed by the gorgeous Drea De Matteo , who is the coked up loser in the band who resorts to servicing her dealer in the bathrooms of the clubs the band plays in when she can no longer support her habit . -LRB- Yawn -RRB- Lori Petty plays the lesbian lover of another band member I cared so little about that I did n't even bother to find out the name of the actress who portrayed her . -LRB- ! -RRB- -LRB- Another yawn . -RRB- Gershon remains true to type
 This movie is a below average movie . You can tell that the budget was limited for this movie . Do n't get me wrong , Gina Gershon does a good acting job , but some of the others actors just do n't pull it off . The best thing about this movie is that it shows how unglamorous being in a band can be , and what hard work it is.It 's too bad that this movie had such a limited budget . Gina does an OK job in singing , but the movie is titled incorrectly . The band that this is about is a punk band , not a rock & roll band . So , the title is very misleading . Punk and Rock & Roll are not the same genre , so it should have been titled `` Prey for Punk '' . Gina is a good singer when she sings slower melodies , but she does n't know how to sing punk or rock & roll.She is incredibly attractive though . So , if you just want to see her looking hot , then buy this . If you want a good quality film , skip this one .
 The opposite of love is not hate , it 's apathy and that 's how I feel about this movie . It 's not great , but it 's not terrible , it 's just so ... mediocre . Gina Gershon 's Jacki is not a has-been because , at 40 , she never was . The rest of her band is equally as flat and why was 3/4 of the band gay ? An honest bore
 Let 's here it for female rock chicks man , they rock the hizouse but the movie is really perdictable and it 's safe to say that Gina Gershon -LRB- Bound , Driven -RRB- has really dug herself out of a hole from Showgirls and Driven and what a performance she gives in here . Marc Blucas -LRB- Tv 's Buffy The Vampire Slayer , Wes Craven Presents THEY -RRB- has a decent role as the brother named Animal of the drummer of the band , played by Shelly Cole . Drea DeMatteo -LRB- The Sopranos , Tv 's Joey -RRB- plays the bassist of the band who has a alcohol problem and also a rapist boyfriend . Also starring Lori Petty -LRB- In The Army Now , Tank Girl -RRB- as the lead guitarist of the chick rock band .
 Why do I. ... a man ... have to write this scathing review of this repulsive example of an explotation of women flick ? Where is the outrage of women ? Where are they ? Is it possible that they did n't watch this clinker ? I hope so ! If a man made this pile of trash they would have him shot . So because a woman produced it that makes it ok ? First of all besides having all the elements necessary for a flop ie ; bad acting , poor script , bad direction , and egomaniacs running this `` Z '' movie -LRB- not even good enough to be called a `` B '' movie -RRB- , the whole thing is just ... well what 's a good musical term here ... `` Out of Tune '' ! Gina Gerson -LRB- looking putrid tatooed from head to toe -RRB- looks like a Skank in the lead role . As do the other female leads . The only exception is georgeous actress/model Shakara Ledard who should get an Academy Award for having to french kiss Gershon who appears hygenically challenged for this role . Everybody else better `` prey '' that none of their friends or worse `` Hollywood Agents '' ever see this hunk of junk ! You want an excuse to see girls kissing there has to be a better vehicle than this -LRB- if that 's all you want -RRB- . This movie is an insult to our intelligence . It 's a bomb ... plain and simple !
 what a horrible movie , i only watched half of it and it had me ready to throw my TV out the window , possibly the worst film ever made , complete crap music , plot , acting , it 's a lesbian pop avril band , all copies should be burned , utterly , utterly , grossingly terrible !! avoid like the plague ! BAH !! TOTAL GARBAGE !
 While I 'll give Gina Gershon credit for trying to come up with a new way of telling the rock dream , I have to say that this piece of product comes up short on original ideas . I know she spent a long time getting to this realization , but more time should have been spent on writing a decent screenplay . The heroine/madonna , herion addict , lesbian couple seems played out.The energy is there , but when you add awful lines about addiction and why these women have stayed so long in the business , not to mention that if they have been prey to to this lifestyle called Rock N Roll , I just do n't buy it . Give me something to beleive in .
 I only got this one because Gina Gershon was in it . It was okay , I have only watched it ONCE since I purchased it back in ' 04 ... if that does n't tell ya something I do n't know what will.I would n't recommend this , you 'd be better off to get the movie BOUND instead .
 This video is not what I expected . Just wanted a quick refresher but this video is absolutely horrible . Do n't waste 51 + minutes of your time , read the book or get a quick reference guide .
 this movie was awful , if you have A.D.D. then maybe you 'll luv it but other than that , you think you are getting a thriller with some scary moments but in fact you are getting part comedy and half crazy . do n't buy this , it was a waste of 20.00 dollars !
 ONE OF THE WORST MOVIES EVER ... THAT 'S ALL IM SAYING . WAKE ME WHEN IT 'S OVER . THE MOVIE INDUSTRY HAS FALLEN TO HELL . THIS MOVIE WAS JUST SOMETHING TO MAKE SOME MONEY . SAW IT WHEN IT CAME ON CABLE . LOL AND NOW THE MOVIE INDUSTRY IS MAKING REMAKES OF REMAKES AND REMAKES OF THE REMAKES THEY JUST MADE ! GO FIGURE ...
 What a mess of a horror flick . Nothing makes sense in this and the violence felt very tame . Avoid this one and you 'll thank yourself in the end .
 This film is without doupt , in my opinion the single most terribly directed movie of all movies I have seen in the past 11 years , and believe me , there has been a lot.I can not honestly picture just what got Wes Graven and team to produce the whole thingy in the first place.Well , because I have n't read any interview or anything taken with him and the film crew which might explain all the fuss and all the mess.The five star reviews here must definately be by people who really like this film.Well I do n't . I feel this is no attack on the senses and that the worst part of the film is the music.Wes Graven knew he had done much better movies than My Soul To Take -LRB- consider A Nightmare On Elm Street.The music sucked , the film sucked , they forgot to let the guy make his promise - I can not honestly know if I saw any part of the 10 or 20 minutes or so I saw of the film , that was up to any good.If the universe has an explanation for what went wrong , maybe Stephen W. Hawking has the answer.Hollywood , what is the matter with you ?
 I ordered this DVD and I expected it to play correctly and it ended up stopping and going half way through the movie . I didnt save the receipt because I thought it would play like all the other DVD 's I 've ordered but it didnt . I wasted my money on a broken DVD .
 I thought it was the end of flip disc once blu ray disc came out.Nobody wants flip disc it looks stupid and I like 2 see the art work on the disc .
 Wes Craven has always been the type of director who makes genre classics -LRB- A Nightmare On Elm Street Scream -RRB- or genre dogs -LRB- The Hills Have Eyes Part 2 , Cursed -RRB- . When it comes to his films no middle ground seems too exist whatsoever . My Soul To Take falls under the category of dog . This film is a watered down slasher movie with supernatual overtones . No suspense , no gore , a confused plot and hideous performances .
 What happend to Wes Craven?His movies used to be so good.I guess he does n't have the touch anymore.This movie was bad in so many ways.I think it 's time for ol' Wes to retire.Do Not waste your time or money on this cr@p!you'll be sorry if you do !
 I expected to really be scared , or in suspense with this movie , but I did n't find that , it dragged a little , it was different , but the only real suspense is finding out who really was doing all of the killing not a real shocker once you find out . An okay movie that probably will not get watched twice .
 I was really looking forward to this as Wes Craven was writing and directing like he did back on Nightmare On Elm Street . However in the end it just did not deliver . It was shot really well and the concept was great , but it did not equal the sum of it 's parts . It got confusing and lost its focus half way through . it was n't terrible , but I was just hoping for more .
 This movie made me sad . I 've loved Wes Craven films for years and was really looking forward to seeing this . Wow , was this was a bad movie.Things start making no sense almost immediately . The dialog is completely inane . None of the characters are likeable , or sympathetic . The story makes very little sense . It 's not scary at all . The special effects are laughable . The only character development comes at the end of the movie . The ending is a giant jumbled mess.I do n't need my horror films to be full of gore to enjoy them , actually quite the opposite . But a decent , plausible storyline is a must.This was a terrible disappointment
 I definitely suggest reading a few reviews before viewing this one . As with all trailers nowadays , they can be very misleading . My Soul To Take , a poor excuse of a film from someone whom I thought was a talented director , is no different when it comes to its trailer . I missed this in theaters and I actually wanted to see it . So I was semi-excited to view it for first time . Well that enjoyment lasted for about 25 minutes . Opening scene was great IMO , but the movie went downhill from there , attempted to get confusing , became cheesy with CGI killings and one liners , as well as being predictable . I wo n't add any spoilers so you can see for yourself , I dont like ruining anyone 's viewing as I do n't like mine ruined . This movie seemed rushed , and should not have been . There was definite potential here , just poorly executed . I 'm not big into cheesy horror , and this was one of em . I enjoy all the screams , the original nightmare , original hills have eyes , even original last house on the left , but this one seemed like an outlier , being something completely different from Craven . Sometimes different can be good , with this movie , different was not best choice.If you really want to watch it , just rent it so you do n't dish out 20 or 25 bucks . It 's not something you 'll want to watch over and over like Craven 's others . I hope that I 've been helpful..-Cam
 We learned two things while viewing this movie .1 . -RRB- Never ever harm one feather on the American Condor and 2 . -RRB- we wo n't watch another Wes Craven film.We enjoyed most of Wes Craven 's work . We enjoyed The Hills Have Eyes , Last House on the Left , Nightmare on Elm Street films -LRB- most of them anyhoo - a few were stinkers -RRB- , Shocker -LRB- we got a giggle from the villian -RRB- , People Under the Stairs , Cursed -LRB- we think it is suppose to be a comedy -RRB- , the Scream movies -LRB- very funny -RRB- among others ... so we are indeed fans of his work.However , this was not up to par . It took a while to get started and quite frankly I do n't understand the whole school rating system and life story subplot ??? The witty banter amongst highschool students was rather lame and gave no substance to the movie . Characters
 Buried in this mostly-mess of a slasher movie are some interesting bits about the condor in Native American mythology and the idea of multiple souls being housed in one body . Unfortunately , neither of these concepts get developed satisfactorily by old warhorse Wes Craven -LRB- Nightmare on Elm Street , Scream -RRB- , as by-the-book teenager slashing occupies way , way too much screentime.One of the oddly jarring things about this movie is that it confuses schizophrenia and multiple-personality disorder in its tale of a schizophrenic serial killer with multiple personalities , one of which is a serial killer . Frankly , it 's sorta dumb . Seven teenagers born the night the serial killer -- blandly named the Ripper ! -- died in the small town of Riverton are now 16 . Apparently , that means they 're of legal age to get slaughtered.But is the serial killer dead ? Is one of the teenagers possessed by the evil spirit of the serial killer 's serial-killing personality ? And why is there an entire subplot about the evils of high school that plays like a bush-league version of Heathers?Yes , there are many mysteries here , including how a slasher film ended up with a jaunty cartoon for its end credits . The abrupt tonal shifts and ridiculous developments kept me interested , though not in a way that would make me say , ` This is a good movie . ' Too many rote killing scenes and too many characters one does n't care about .
 Utterly amazing that anybody could think this clunker was a breath of fresh air , but I digress . All this was , was a big old mess of nothing . Introducing characters who are spiteful , mean , and lacking opposable thumbs AND then building your `` story '' around a child 's game of `` tend-like , '' does not make for good entertainment for anybody . Questions are asked -- but NEVER answered , e.g. was `` Bug '' schizophrenic , possessed , or just had a bad case of gas ? Well ... you 'll NEVER know . Another shockingly bad plot `` twist '' was an entire TOWN gets together to celebrate the grisly murders of seven people . What happened to the Fourth of July ? With yet another piece of doo-doo to add to his credit , it seems Wes Craven is fastly gaining pace with George Romero to see whose career tanks first . Right now , I 'd say they 're neck and neck.The movie is rated R for language and violence , and is a complete waste of time . Rent -- if you must -- but do n't buy .
 Every year on `` Ripper Day '' -LRB- the day where a serial killer known as the Ripper died -RRB- seven friends who share a birthday get together to `` ward off his spirit '' . This year something different happens . During the annual `` Ripper day '' festivities Bug -LRB- Thieriot -RRB- is chosen to `` fight off the ripper '' , after he fails his friends say its all a joke anyway and not to worry . But then things go wrong . This movie had a very neat idea
 The front cover says `` Spine Tingling . '' When , where , or how was this movie spine tingling . The acting was terrible . The movie was boring and slow and offered nothing that we have n't seen before in horror films . Severe lack of effort here in casting , plot , and dialouge . This movie was n't scary at all , just a cheap slasher film .
 I went to see Scream 4 this weekend just gone and just loved it . The Scream movies were the start of my love for horror films and Wes Craven . When I got home after seeing Scream 4 I decided to keep to the Craven theme and chucked My Soul To Take in . I watched the whole thing and wished I didnt even bother . Especially after watching Scream 4 it doesnt even come close in comparison and I can not believe it is even a Wes Craven movie . Go see Scream - it is brilliant . My Soul To Take is NOT !!
 Ugh . Total waste of time . A basic mashup of Craven 's older -LRB- and better -RRB- films cause he clearly he has no imagination left but had to spew something out to cover rent.The first 5 minutes were actually good . The remaining hour and a half is a confusing mess of poor acting , poor script writing , poor cinematography , poor gore -LRB- or lack there of -RRB- . Do yourself the favour and check out the new film Chain Letter . While not ground breaking either , it makes the most of what a fun slasher should be like .
 My Soul to Take is easily one of the worst horror movies ever made . It 's hard to believe that the movie is done by Wes Craven , who did Nightmare on Elm Street and the Scream movies . The film is poorly shot and just feels like a straight to dvd movie . The pacing is horrible with teens randomly killed by a masked man that 's more laughable than scary , the acting sucks as well.I could n't wait for Scream 4 but not after seeing this awful movie . My Soul to Take , makes it appear as if Craven has forgotten how to make a good horror film . Cursed may have hinted to it , but My Soul to Take makes it more clear . The movie is so bad , that your soul might try to leap out to escape .
 Why and how the condor fits into this story does n't make sense but then again nothing else does either . The first ten minutes or so are tense and exciting fooling the viewer into thinking they are in for a fun thrill ride-it does n't happen , even so within that ten minutes is one of the dumbest sequences I 've seen in a long time.Would a policeman fire multiple shots into a knife-weilding maniacs back when that policeman knows that standing in front of and facing the madman is a 6 year old girl?The bulk of the movie is badly paced , all fits and starts-kinda like an arthritic chipmunk on crutches . 7 children are born the same night the serial killer `` dies '' and 16 years later his spirit returns to off the birthday teens , even his spirit moves between them so one or more of the kids is murdering the others . But which one ? Maybe it 's the one who has a fascination with American condors-maybe it 's the oddball-maybe it 's , who cares?The climax of the movie is ok but ruins itself by slowing down and going on too long making one think something is going to make you jump but just like that arthritic chipmunk it just limps off.And I have to confess I did n't understand all the importance of the American condor in the film . I guess maybe there is supposed to be some connection between a condor and a serial killer.A very disappointing film from Wes Craven -- but Scream 4 will be released soon .
 Not even the likes of Wes CravenCould save this film from bad movie haven `` Cursed '' and `` Shocker '' - those were awfulBut this one 's so bad , it should be unlawfulIt amazes me how people could be suckered inBy a movie that should be in the bargain binEven the 3D , with picture so flatWill make you say `` enough of THAT `` The mystery surrounding a small town killeris what is the plot of this cringe-worthy thrillerAnd especially the characters , which we 've seen beforeAdd to this movie being a flat out boreThe dialogue is awful , the acting just sucksYou 'll await the end of this waste of hard-earned bucksAnd even the twist , which is just a guessing gameIs predictable as hell , and flat out lameBoring , depressing , unworthy and dullYou 'd be better off staring at the nearest wallLet 's hope Wes can improve with Scream 4Which hopefully will be good and not such a bore
 This movie is about a serial killer with multiple personalities who gets caught . Wait ... No , it 's about a group of friends who include a weirdo , his best buddy , a blind black kid who gets around everywhere in the town without a seeing eye dog and who is really Forest Whittaker 's son , and several other teenagers who were born on the same day as the killer who may all be killers themselves -LRB- ?? -RRB- . Darn ... that 's not right either ... OK . This movie is really about a boy who is mentally disturbed and has a weird penchant for dressing up like a condor bird and freaking other people out for no reason.Actually , I give up ... I went to see this at the movie theatre . The film was shown in the smallest room at the darkest end of the emptiest theatre hallway . The movie itself was so incredibly insignificant that the theatre people did n't bother to put the sign up at the door to even let us know that we were in the right room . After that , the movie started and people began to get up and leave , one by one until it was just me and my best friend . My friend and I suspected that we were fools for staying , yet once we realized the movie was never going to make any sense it was too late ... One week later the movie was no longer featured at any movie cinema in the U.S. , but the worst thing is this
 Please , do n't waste your money . This movie was so bad on so many different levels . I love scary movies , this was not scary and not in the least bit entertaining either . Confusing , hard to maintain interest . The premise of the plot was good , but so horribly executed . The acting was also very bad . If I could have given it NO stars I would , but the lowest possible rating was one star .
 The movie was not quite what I was hoping but for the cheap price that I got it for I ca n't complain much so if you can get it for less than $ 5 get it just because it is Wes Craven ...
 And I 've seen `` Vampire in Brooklyn '' and `` Cursed . '' This film , however , is humorless and dull . I wanted to like this movie , but I just could n't . I knew I was in trouble when my brain shut down during the many conversation scenes between the main character and his best friend . And the finale was all over the place , with characters popping up one after another and tying up plot holes with forced dialogue . I felt like I was watching a spoof of a whodunit .
 My Soul to Take marks legendary horror helmer Wes Craven 's first foray as a writer/director since 1994 's awesome New Nightmare , but sadly enough , the film lacks any of the inventiveness , personality , or plain guts that made Craven such a force to be reckoned with in the first place . The plot revolves around a group of teens , all of whom were born the night that a schizophrenic serial killer known as The Ripper was killed . Now one of them -LRB- Max Thieriot -RRB- appears to be exhibiting similar behavior , and those around him are dropping like flies . Drawing heavily on his own A Nightmare on Elm Street , My Soul to Take instead finds Craven injecting the film with some atrocious dialogue , horrible acting , bland and boring pacing , and some unbelievably sloppy editing as well . It really strikes me hard to see Craven behind something so bad as this film . I was never a fan of his much loved Scream series , but I 'd take any of those films over this piece of crud . Do yourself a favor , no matter how much of a fan you may be of Wes Craven 's classic horror films , avoid My Soul to Take at any and all costs .
 This is supposed to be a film by one of the top directors in Hollywood ... but what a mess!My first problem was with the dialogue . Some of the delivery was mumbled and difficult to hear . Then , the one character tends to make something an opposite , and that got confusing . For example , he gets punched in the gut , and instead of saying it hurt , he would say it felt good . I realize this was his way of getting through tough times , but sometimes this logic was applied to out of the ordinary situations and it became confusing.The next issue was continuity . This film had NONE . All characters suffered this . Watch their hair . In one scene , a hair style can change shape , color , and styles , and no one notices . It can go from flat to fluffy in seconds ! Another boo-boo is one character sneaks back into the house after curfew . he dives into his bed fully dressed , his arm above the covers ... in the next second , his arm is completely covered!And the biggest insult is when a knife goes in someone , since when does it sound like two knives scraping together coming out ?
 Where to begin ? Right off
 My Soul To Take this will be a rant this movie is so forgettable it was suppose to be released in 2009 but they had to have it in 3D so it was released last year & honestly f v c k 3D . Directed by Wes Craven which I 'd except this kind of directing out of Rick Bota . Stars Max Thieriot as Bug , John Magro as Alex Dunkelman , Nick Lashaway as Brandon O ' Neil , Paulina Olszynski as Brittney Cunningham , Zena Grey as Penelope Bryte , Emily Meade as Leah & Christopher Place as The Riverton Ripper . Story is this there 's this killer on the loose & some guy named Abel is making toys for his soon to be son however Abel is the murderer . He has personality issues . He kills his wife in bed the cops kill him the baby is fine & they happen to have a Daughter Leah who is messed up by the events . The Ambulance Abel is in crashes off the bridge or whatever . 16 years later you have a group of local teens that all happen to be born on the day Abel was killed . Except for Zena Grey I do not care for these characters cause `` When I do n't care about the characters I do not care about the movie . '' That is always a major flaw that & this movie has a awful storyline . So each year these kids have to take a stand against The Spirt Of The Riverton Ripper . Which is the worst slasher villain in a long time . Gho s tface is more rememberable . They choose Adam they call him Bug . The police stop the party & 1 of the teens is killed by The RR . The next morning your introduced to Brandon O ' Neil star jock & big a s h o l e . He beats up Bug & his friend Alex cause of this girl Bug likes . Penelope stands up for them . You have a rather dumb sce in Science Class where Alex dresses up as a bird & I do n't care what kind it is . Penelope is killed by The Ripper so the only likeable character is dead . You have Bug 's Sister Leah tell Brittney that her brother has killed people & he has been institutionalized . Bug 's cell phone fell into Brittney 's purse . Later on that Brandon guy is chasing Brittney through the woods & he wants to have his way I guess . There killed by The Ripper & it looks like it all points to Bug . I 'll get to the finish cause I hate this movie . It 's Bug 's 16th birthday & his sister gives him the rocking horse that Abel made & Leah has the house he made . She tells Bug that Abel was our father & the killer is Bug 's friend Alex Bug saves the day he 's held as a hero & that 's the movie . This movie was boring & cliche . Cliche films can be good with good acting & directing . Awful directing by Wes Craven . Max Thieriot was bad . John Magro was bad . I 'd rather had Zena Grey be the lead . Nick Lashaway was bad . Paulina Olsznski was nothing special . Emily Meade was ok . Awful directing bad acting what else can I say .
 Right off the bat this move is confusing and misleading . Who is this guy the killer is talking to on the phone ? What was he `` supposed to tell her ? '' Was he schizophrenic or was he possessed ? We never find any of this out.Later our main character `` Bug '' is in school getting beat up and is angsting about girls for about 30 minutes . What does this have to do with the killer ? I do n't care , get back to people being killed ! Okay so every kid born on the day that the killer died is being murdered exactly 16 years later . Why ? Why are they being killed ? What does this `` evil soul '' gain from it ? What did it wait 16 years ? What 's so magical about the number 16 ? We never find out and it 's never explained.Later we find out that the `` evil soul , '' made a deal with Bug 's father . Why ? What was the deal ? What was each side getting out of the deal ? It 's never explained , we 're just expected to accept it.Also , why is Bug obsessed with the California Condor ? It 's never explained and it never had any impact on the story other than the fact that he makes a costume of one and goofs around in school with it . The mother does say that it 's a bird of `` Spiritual rejuvenation that cleanses the earth of the dead so that new life can begin . '' Okay ... and ??? Seriously , that 's the only explanation we 're ever given about this character trait.At the end of the movie when Bug kills his friend who was possessed by the killer , the cops show up . Explain this to me , why do the police believe a 19 year old punk girl with a criminal record when she says that her retarded 16 year old brother who is in a house full of dead bodies , is covered in blood , AND holding the murder weapon is innocent . No questions asked , he 's just instantly applauded as a hero who killed the killer in self defense . Seriously , he 's not even held for questioning or taking into custody , not ONE question do the police ask about what happened . They just show up , nod their heads at him and clean up the bodies and the blood.This had me scratching my head for about 15 seconds until I saw , `` Directed by Wes Craven . '' Then it all made sense . The police in his movies are always dumber than a box of rocks.Mr . Craven , this was utterly stupid , stick to writing movies about Freddy Kruger , it 's the only thing you can do remotely well .
 Well there 's 107 minutes of my life i wo n't get back -LRB- yes , i kept hoping it would redeem itself but it never did -RRB- . Hands down has to be the most terrible slasher flick I 've ever seen . Seriously , not even worth the rental fee !
 From `` The Hills Have Eyes '' to `` Scream '' Craven has reenergized the genre with many of his films helping to reinvent a genre that had run out of steam several times . He 's also directed his fair share of bad movies and `` My Soul to Take '' falls into that category as it is predictable and almost amateurish compared to many of his other films.The premise itself would n't be so bad except even for a horror film it has too many coincidences and implausible plot points . It 's as if Craventook a mental vacation while directing this film forgetting everything he learned from ALL the films he 's directed and many of the missteps here are what I would expect from a first time writer/director . Many of the shots are clumsy in both set up and execution and the exposition is n't handled very well either with most plot points telegraphed as if the audience had an I.Q. of 50 . The Blu-ray looks quite nice with a solid looking presentation . The problem for many people will be the fact that this is a flipper disc . Did n't Universal learn from their past mistake using dual layered , flipper discs ? They were n't popular , prone to problems that occurred due to the pressing process , easier to damage and , in general , a bad format idea . I hope tha this horrible format bites the dust and soon.I also have to wonder WHY this was shown in 3D ? None of the shots take advantage of the format and it clearly was just a move to capitalize on the popularity of the format at the time.Audio sounds fine throughout.The special features are underwhelming as well with stars Max Thieriot , John Magaro , Emily Meade and director Wes Craven discussing the making of the film and oblivious to how bad it is . We also get about 20 minutes of deleted scenes , two alternate endings and an alternate opening for the film . None of these would have improved the film which has the premise for a solid TV episode -LRB- if not for the implausible elements which continue to build throughout the film -RRB- and a predictable whodunnit element . `` My Soul to Take '' is an awful horror film lacking any thrills and , at times , it looks like it was written and directed by someone who does n't understand the genre at all.Skip it.A serial killer suffering from dissocative personality disorder -LRB- misidentified as schizophrenia in the film which is a DIFFERENT condition -RRB- ends up killing his wife before being shot by police . He disappears after being rushed to the hospital after making a vow tha the would return to kill any children born on that night . His daughter survives.It is suggested that , perhaps , his soul would inhabit one of the seven babies born the night he died .16 years later someone is killing those teenagers born on that night using the MO of the Riverton Ripper -LRB- as he was called -RRB- and many of the clues suggest it could be Bug -LRB- Max Theiriot -RRB- who also appears to suffer from multiple personalities as well .
 The trailer for the movie was awesome , and and the actual idea of the movie was great . The execution of the movie -LRB- and the executions in the movie as it were -RRB- was terrible.The acting was completely off and many of the times the lines just felt forced from the actors ' mouths . More often then not , the actors were never really scared , a little weird in and of themselves , but not afraid . They said they were , but they did n't convey they were . I do n't want alot of screaming from the actors when they see a dead body of their friend , but for a couple of them , they were n't even shocked.Much of it just ended up feeling cheesy and disconnected from the rest of the story.I do n't recommend buying this , which I did . Its worth about five dollars or less.I could n't believe something like this came from Wes Craven . I was prepared for a great movie , and left feeling extremely disatisfied.As for the actual product
 The first one had a camp value and there seemed to be some kind of redeemable quality about it , this was just trash from the word go . A thin premise that allowed them to show a lot of bare skin and enough simulated sex to almost qualify it as porn . Every stereotype and preconception of the gay lifestyle that 's used by the right wing to attack us is thrown up onto the screen and sets us back another twenty years . Celebrity guest stars ? I do n't consider porn stars celebrities , and the few real celebrities there were , barely qualify . I was sad to see RuPaul lend her talents to this trainwreck . I do n't know how they pay to make these things , but it 's a sad world where this crap gets made and more deserving scripts are sitting somewhere collecting dust . I 'll know NOT to even bother should the sevent seal be broken and they make a third installment .
 I did like the first movie , which I thought , while not the funniest or most original movie I 've ever seen , it did have it 's own charm . Unfortunately , this movie has little to no charm at all - in a lot of ways , it 's just stupid . A lot of it is just promotional spots for a lot of the sponsors of the movie . And , even though several of the actors are cute , they mostly come off as caricatures and just overact like crazy . Maybe they need to try the method ` less is more ' . Personally , the main character Nico is just plain annoying . I do n't mind characters that are a bit nelly , but for God 's sake , find a little testosterone at least ! And Perez Hilton can just go the f# ck away ! It 's really just disappointing - the premise is not bad , but the execution just sucks.If you want to see something that is as fluffy as cotton candy -LRB- and with some possible indigestion -RRB- , then you might want to rent this . Otherwise , see the original instead . At the end tney make reference to a third installment . If so , I sure hope that it 's a hell of a lot better than this one .
 Perhaps one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . Not much else to say . Terrible plot , terrible jokes -LRB- to the point that they even ruin the raunchy humor and render it un-funny -RRB- . And to add a fat annoying turd on top of an incredibally nasty sundae would be Perez Hilton is littered throughout the movie . What more is there to say ? DO N'T SEE IT !!! It 's not even one of those really bad movies that people talk about where you want to see just how bad it is -LRB- the kind of bad that it 's almost funny -RRB- . This is just bad .
 Well , for USA standards -LRB- afraid to see a boob on TV -RRB- this `` unrated '' doesnt ' t make any sense.For European standards a too over exagerated too campy film .
 I enjoyed the first film , Another Gay Movie , a raunchy sex-romp by and for gay men . The sequel is a thorough train wreck , sad to say . Only two of the original actors return , Jonah Blechman as Nico and Scott Thompson as Andy 's Dad . The other 3 `` friends '' of Niko are played by different actors . I laughed at the jab by Nico 's mom about actors not returning to gay roles so they are n't thought to be gay ... but after watching the entire film I think they did the right thing . -LRB- Note
 This movie would have been great if the quality didnt suck . It was pausing every two second so I could n't even understand what they were talking about . Bullshit .
 Tonight I sat down to watch the newly arrived `` Another Gay Sequel '' DVD , expecting it to at least live up to the standard of `` Another Gay Movie '' -LRB- which I had thoroughly enjoyed and can happily recommend -RRB- . I found myself reaching for the remote to fast forward through too many scenes . The Sequel is really REALLY flaky , extra fluffy and totally pointless . There 's nothing at all to be gained by watching it - certainly not any sense of entertainment.I wo n't even bother keeping the disc in my collection - not even as an example of tragic and pathetically excessive `` gay '' genre movie making .
 I decided to watch this as mindless , campy entertainment . I 'm almost ashamed that I sat through it all . This may be one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . It 's not an enjoyable/campy bad ... it 's just bad . Shockingly bad . I ca n't even imagine why anyone decided to invest money and time into making this . Even RuPaul manages to be boring . There 's no wit , no originality , no sexiness ... it 's just dumb cliches and really bad acting .
 Clich&eacute;d , pointless , hopeless plot , disgusting raunch . . Misses the mark completely . I am so glad I did not buy this movie.The first one was great!It is not even worth penning a decent review or spell check . lol
 It 's no wonder almost none of the original cast reappeared for this sequel . To say that this movie was bad , would be an understatement . The writing was bad , the chemistry between the actors was bad , the film was bad . I understand how they thought this may be funny doing a parody of every sorry scene from all kinds of films but it just did n't work . It came off cheap , gross and worst of all , boring !! So do not waste your time or money . Skip this one because it contains none of the fun of the first film `` Another Gay Movie '' .
 As funny as the first movie was , this one was just awful . About 15 minutes in , I realized just how bad it was going to be and it never got better . The sad part is I was so excited for this movie to come out!The dialogue is awful . The eye candy is there , but it 's just too silly . Another review says `` it is what it is '' and I completely agree . Thumbs way down .
 Save yourself the grief , rent it , if you absolutely must , but dont buy it . NOTHING at all like the first one . Bad sets , bad acting and almost a whole new cast . It lost the charm & the humor , and they substituted it with a very ill looking RuPaul in he/she drag , and the obnoxious , overated , hard to look at Perez Hilton . The only good thing about this movie is the return of Jonah Bleckman , who cant even save the movie , because it is just not funny ! Just skip over this one , your not missing anything at all .
 After immensely enjoying the first movie , we were not only disappointed but often disgusted by the second . Instead of making witty and funny movie like the first , they made a stupid , crass and gross movie.don ' t waste your time or money on this !
 `` Hollywood '' , wherever that may be today , which is anywhere . . amazes even me , a movie freak . Producers giving money to a film that 's NOT funny , not even CLOSE ! ... the ONLY thing good about THIS movie and it lasts about 1-2 minutes . . is the scene when Brent Corrigan -LRB- porn actor with an ass of GOLD ! -RRB- . . plays the merman and comes out of the water , he was great ... otherwise this is one of the worse movies I 've ever seen.I loved the first one and they did n't have to do the same exact script ... but there was NO script , it was all about slapstick which was horribly done . . do not buy it . . go to the LIBRARY , if they have it , and borrow it for FREE . . do n't waste another penny on this bomb ... -LSB- ... -RSB- OK ENUF !! Tony -LRB- nyc -RRB-
 Loved the first movie and really wanted to like the sequel . a couple laughs does not make a comedy . the throw up scene was a rip off of the `` team america '' puppet movie . been there seen that.having poop on the guys lips was not funny . it was just plain bad humor . it fell flat.the movie just had a lot of down time between the FEW funny moments.come on guys ... we have the talent out there.you can do better .
 Please do n't waste your money and time with this `` movie '' . It sucks !! . . Although one of the main characters is beautiful !
 I saw the original movie and enjoyed it , but this was a total waste of time . I did watch it all the way through , but was tempted to stop many times as the whole thing was ridiculous .
 Like many gay themed movies the cast changed heavily which was disappointing , but the new actors did well . The whole movie was a series of commercials for several gay themed products ; literally looking into the camera to talk about the products and services . It was in character and campy , which is to be expected from the movie , but it was still WAY WAY WAY too much . All the jokes were way to much . There is a scene with violent vomiting that went on for too long , I actually had to fast forward through it . It was unnecessarily too long . The campiness prevents the movie from being anything other than a joke of film - you ca n't get into the characters or have an appreciation for them . Niko 's watersports ballet was very well done .
 The story line is ridiculous . The acting is pedestrian . It has zero of the charm and innocence of the first one . The boys are all new , except for one . None of them are close to being as cute as the original set . It 's just a gross , insipid waste of time and any amount of money .
 Jonah Blechman & Scott Thompson reprise their roles from the original Another Gay Movie . Otherwise , nobody else returns for this sequel ... and after watching it I understand why . Bad writing coupled with inept acting has created an awful movie . RuPaul and Lady Bunny both have supporting roles . RuPaul is the highlight of the whole movie and Lady Bunny is good but I just did n't like her character.The main premise is our quartet is reuniting for Spring Break in Florida . They are competing for the title
 The first part was so funny , that I thought this one would be 10 times better , was I disapointed !! They use a lot of disgusting things to try to make it funny , and yes that means `` Perez Hilton '' in a ton of scenes . Someone needs to tell that man , when you are dead lie down ! There was also annoying product placement . It is a shame !! They should have followed what Eating Out did with their sequel . That was a true gay sequel !!
 The second installation of the `` Another Gay '' movies was pretty lame ... Do n't think you 're buying a movie with the same characters ... Only one of the original 4 boys is the same ... the `` replaced '' the others ... It was pretty dumb and not worth the money ... certainly do n't buy it ...
 `` Another Gay Movie '' was campy and fun . The sequel was a complete waste of time . Only one of the actors from the first movie made it into the sequel ; the rest were recast with inferior actors . The campiness and color were both there , but the fun was missing . Watch if you really want to , but be forewarned that this does n't hold a candle to the first .
 Another Gay Movie was a great little film . It was campy , but it was also fun , witty and clever . Now comes Another Gay Sequel . I have a hard time believing the filmmakers could n't think of anything better . This movie is just plain AWFUL ! The charm that the main characters had is completely gone in favor of giant crabs -LRB- complete with an animated musical revue -RRB- , an ode to `` golden showers '' , zombies in a bath house , and incredibly tacky product placements and plugs galore . The plot is practically non-existent , the sex and nudity are not sexy -LRB- even though the actors are quite beautiful -RRB- , and the campiness is so overdone it 's embarassing . Basically , this movie does everything wrong . I feel bad for RuPaul and Perez Hilton , who had such prominent roles in such a terrible movie -LRB- this movie is right up Lady Bunny 's alley , however -RRB- . I sat down and watched this with my partner and my roommate and I had to grit my teeth to get through it because I was SO embarassed it was me who picked this film!Rent this first , do n't buy it . Thank goodness for Netflix !
 This movie is one of worst movies ever made . When only one main actor returns for a sequel you know it has to be bad . Plus , Rupaul must have been very desperate for money to lower herself to be in such a stinker . Even the eye candy is n't worth the pain caused by watching this movie . Do n't waist a penny on this trash .
 Do n't waste your money ! The 1st one was stupid-fun . The sequel is patethic , with worst acting ever and ridiculous `` plot '' . Not one funny scene in the entire movie .
 Gosh . I saw the first one , which had cute actors and a very good and funny plot , however , this sequel ... what was that ? money maker ? Completely trash . It seemed a parody -LRB- very bad one -RRB- on the first movie . The story -LRB- was there one ? -RRB- was bad . The actors , only the one who has the gay father is gorgeous . What a body ! I did regret having bought it . Even having seen it . But , if you enjoy trash parodies ...
 Funny how gay-themed films like 1970 's `` The Boys in the Band '' are still reviled by many but movies like `` Another Gay Sequel '' are somehow made in a more `` enlightened '' time but are - in their own way - far more offensive.I totally trashed the original so why did I rent this one ? Because I was bored . When I saw the first movie I did n't think it could get any worse . I was wrong . `` Another Gay Sequel '' is much , much worse . Jonah Blechman , the only returning actor from the original , is also a producer on this film . Would that he stayed behind the camera . As in the first , Blechman 's character is unfunny and irritating . Also , the abundance of grossout jokes is taken to the extreme , some of them making me wonder if this film is being subversively anti-gay . And hey look , it 's Perez Hilton , stopping the film dead every time he appears . And he appears far too often . You can almost see the flop sweat on the film.It really says something when the best performance in the film is given by a gay porn star in a small role . No , I 'm not talking about Colton Ford who should have stopped once he got naked . It 's Brent Corrigan who , in the role of a merman , manages to be as cute as a button and sweet.Abysmal all around . Let 's hope that if a third is made - god forbid - Blechman also gets replaced . That would be a small mercy . Even better , how about not making a third film at all ? I do n't think anybody really wants one all that much .
 I was very disappointed with this movie . It was not as good as the first movie . The comedy was very stupid and I think this really makes gay people look bad .
 With gay men steeped in depression , these nellie hystrionics are worth it for the escapist value . Watch it & chuckle with a friend .
 ok , this is n't really a sequal , just more of the same jokes from the 1st movie , `` Another gay movie . '' This sequal is not funny , suffers from really bad editing and plot lines and is a near-total waste of time . The scary part is that there is going to be another sequal called , `` Gays is Space . ''
 the movie was ok ... i had to purchase it on Woody Harrelson principal . the man can do no wrong ... it is worth a watch
 3 working bank tellers , played by Alicia Silverstone -LRB- Excess Baggage , Clueless -RRB- , Paul Costanzo -LRB- Tv 's Joey , Road Trip -RRB- and Woody Harrelson -LRB- Tv 's Cheers , She Hate Me -RRB- , plan on robbing the bank that they work at . The movie begins on the day that the cops show up at the bank and then we rewind the week back into the 3 tellers lives and we see why they want to rob the bank . So , they all do it and when they get back the boss , played by Joshua Leonard -LRB- The Blair With Project , Deuces Wild -RRB- tells them they 've been robbed from the ATM by some punks and then he brings the 3 tellers in his office to give them a promotion but they all deny it and quit . John Cleese -LRB- Monty Python member , Rat Race -RRB- only had one funny moment in this movie and that 's the scene where he 's checking his dog for a key and he puts a big sushi knife up to the dog but other then that , Cleese is totally wasted . Rachael Leigh Cook -LRB- She 's All That , AntiTrust -RRB- and Jeffrey Tambor -LRB- Hellboy , Tv 's Arrested Development -RRB- also star . The cast try their best to keep the movie funny interesting but the movie is sub-par and not that interesting when it gets to the final frame . The movie is Scorched , just like the title says .
 Scorched has so much potential , with a great cast but it doesnt deliver . The plot involves 3 bank employees train to rob their work . The laughs arent there , and Cleese -LRB- who 's usually funny -RRB- is wasted .
 Rachel Leigh Cook looks hot . Alicia Silverstone looks hot . Neither acts well.Woody Harrelson desecrates his otherwise hilarious comedic record that produced gems like `` White Men Ca n't Jump '' and `` Kingpin '' . John Cleese , oh John Cleese , how could you stoop so low ? From Monty Python to this?With two hotties and two good actors , I really expected much more . Disappointment , oh how you taunt me.Basically this is a movie about three borderline retarded people who are trying to rob the bank in which they work . Each one has an idiotic plan that is slightly more ingenious than eating paste.If it were n't for the lesbian scene between Cook and Silverstone , the one that involves every ingredient from the Waffle Housee smothered , covered , diced , and chopped hash browns , it would be unwatchable . Of course , I just imagined that part to make the movie slightly tolerable.In the end each viewer will eventually feel scorched , as in herpes , and dirty for watching a movie that serves a massive turd in the career punchbowl of all actors involved .
 Please do n't waste your money and buy this movie . I 'm a big fan of Alicia Silverstone . I have all of her movies . Unfortunately , this movie has a bad story line and it is really lame . Please save your money and buy her other movies like True Crime or Clueless.Thanks !
 This was a very boring and slow-moving predictable movie . Nothing stands oy performance wise or plot wise . We have all seen this mishmash before .
 I was really disappointed in this movie . So disappointed , in fact , that I could n't watch more than the first third of the movie -LRB- I kept hoping it would get better -RRB- . The overall feel of the movie was flat . I do n't know if it was the way it was filmed or the lack of background music in many parts , but I could n't get into the emotion that should have come with the movie . Some of the scripting was preposterous such as when some investigators just show up at a school meeting . That just did n't ring true . After that , I quit watching . I could n't imagine that things would get better .
 i had read the novel years ago but had never seen the film version , so when it was offered here , i ordered it with great expectations . maybe i forgot the story & overestimated it , but this is one of the Worst films made . Sigourney Weaver is Awful , a very stilted performance , awkward and spooky , slow , not moving , unsympathetic , not at all how i would have cast it . so i did n't watch it to the end . someone told me several yrs ago that it was n't good but i wanted to see for myself.sorry i invested in it , should have looked for a rental , but even that would 've been too much money for this pic .
 `` A Map of the World '' adaptation of Jane Hamilton 's novel is a sad story of bad luck changing the life of a woman and her family living in Wisconsin country . Snip
 Weak film all the way around . Screenplay and direction are a mess .
 No what I expected , very slow and not interesting . absolutely no point . unreal and at some point stupid.Boring and expensive for this type of movie ...
 Despite the trailer that was inviting , this movie has two main characters that are extremely dysfunctional . First , the main female character is borderline pathological . She straight up FREAKS me out . Furthermore , the main guy character is a push over with no cajones . Honestly , it was rather painful to watch , but since I paid 3.99 I figured I 'd skip along till the end . Boy did waste 4 dollars . I would have asked Redbox for my 1 dollar back if I rented it there . Do yourself a favor , if you 're a sane man , do n't waste your time and money . If you 're a female that may like the twilight saga , mixed with the morning after pill , and some 30 somethings , sure ... you may like this .
 The concept of the movie is actually pretty good , though the story needed some work.Where this movie completely fails is the casting of Noah Bean , his performance is monotone and he seems bored . Had he been in a supporting role with 5 mins of screen time it would have not mattered.Boston was just the opposite , great casting and she delivered in this movie.Just irritates me when a movie had potential but a major blunder in casting or the story really kill it . Here is was casting .
 I watched this movie , not as good as I pictured . There were some hilarious scene away from the main characters , my favorite Mindy 's family and her ex-boyfriend scene . Overall the film would have been much shorter with a condom : -RRB-
 So I decide to rent this movie , cause I was feeling girly . I was in the mood to watch something funny , cute and interesting . The only thing that this movie had me questing at the end , was how the blue blazes is it worth $ 3.99 , and who gave the ok to the writer or writers and dicter to turn this into a movie?This movie suck ! it not worth the 3.99 . . hell it 's not worth 50 cents . All the characters was nuts and the 2 main characters was just stupid , and speically the guy . He had plenty of openings to slip her the pill and run for his life . Cause clearly the girl was nuts and so was his girlfriend . The guy was a completely ball-less man , who had no guts whatever so ever . There was so many red flags and flashing lights the moment he walk in her house . He sees the condom in the trash -LRB- RED FLAG # 1 -RRB- . She tell him she have a roommate but no edviceds what so ever that she have a roommate and her appartment only have 1 bed room and 1 huge bed -LRB- RED FLAG # 2 -RRB- . But do he go ? NO ! He stays and what happen next folks ? Well she fall `` a sleeep '' so they have you believe , only find out she wakes up and basically rape him while he is sleeping , and when he realizes that she is riding him like bucking bull , he wakes up . Does he tell her to stop ? NO he enjoys it and happily to keep on going . Only to wake in the morning fines out she not on the pill . Then Realize , `` OH SNAP ! WHAT THE HELL WAS I THINKING ? `` So what I 'm trying to say is save yourself the 3.99 , and time -LRB- do n't even borrow the movie from a friend if he or she have it . -RRB- spend it on something else . I wish someone told me sooner , I should have read the damn reviews .
 This video has very live footage . Do n't buy it if you 're looking to see what a live Linkin Park show is like . If you want to find out more about the history of the band , what the members are like , what it 's like to go on tour and be in a tour bus , then it 's right for you . But if you want to see them play , do n't waste your money .
 LP is going to up . Why do n't you have your tour concert in indonesia ? There 's lots of your fans in here . I always read from magazines that `` almost of your concerts done well '' well , I beleive in that . I saw on tv your tour in Filmore , Guys , I 'm so proud of you . Please , do n't change . I like you , your music so energic . Beleive or not your music has turned me to be someone who trust herself and beleive that i could be someone i want to be . Thank you , I love you very much . May God bless you forever .
 Linkin Park is one of the worst bands ever , you may like this dvd if you think Buddy Holly rocks . You may like this dvd if you think `` Ai n't Nothing Gon na Break My Strive '' is hardrock . Linkin Park is like hanson screaming girls who ca n't write a good song .
 I have watched every episode of Leverage as of the date of this review . While the show has noticeably slipped in quality the last two seasons -LSB- I am convinced that if I looked into it , I would find that their writing staff has completely changed -RSB- , this one is definitely the worst ever . If they put out a couple more that are this horrible , I will stop watching new episodes of the show entirely .
 The 1st episode and the disk skips . All my other DVDs work fine in this player . Very disappointing as I 'd finally got around to watching months after buying . Still Leverage one of my favorite series is one of my fav series . Ah well ca n't win them all .
 Have the producers changed writers ? Season 4 has not been nearly as entertaining as previously . The `` Gold Job '' was clearly not up to standards . If I had not purchased the entire 4th season for downloading , I would have skipped this one . It just did not have the flow and interest of previous episodes .
 This show is n't what it used to be , but having said that , each week tends to be mildly amusing as the A-Team of this new millenium goes about righting wrongs and having some fun.What 's annoying is that for a long time now , NONE of the plots even pretend to have any meaningful obstacles ... countless systems are bypassed with the flick of the wrist and a punch of the keyboard 's Enter key ... villains are hoodwinked , authorities remain clueless , foes are outsmarted etc. . This used to be a smart , sassy show but any similarity to the UK 's `` Hustle '' has long since been bypassed ... what we seem to have nowadays is a team of people who effortlessly con everyone , walk away smiling every time ... and if the episode can get away with sticking to one location -LRB- ie . cheap for the Production -RRB- then so be it ... at most everyone dons a disguise or change of wardrobe . Ugh.Episode 4.12 `` The Office Job '' however has to go down in the history books as * the * most tedious and boring example of a premise s-t-r-e-t-c-h-e-d beyond breaking point and well into SNAP territory . I actually believed the producers had lost their minds with this one ...
 I thought I bought all new DVD sets but I guess not as my season 4 Leverage disks 1 and 4 where scratched so bad that my DVD player wont even play them !
 Leverage is getting to be a gamble to watch . This one is slow and boring and I 'm sorry I spent money on it . I hope they figure out that when people are paying per show they at least need to hold the viewer 's interest .
 The first 2 seasons were good . The third started to get a little slow and then they ran out of stories but decided to milk the series for one more season . It is simply terrible . Avoid this season .
 The promotion of homosexuality is a sick and destructive illness in America and the world today . The results are unseen by the promoters , but they will be regrettable . Why was it `` an abomination '' to God in the old days ? Because it is anathema to the survival of any tribe or nation . Read Romans 1 .
 Remember Jason and the Argonauts from the 60-70 's . Special effects like that only worse . Acting sucked . . even for B movie . . I hate CGI when its good , this is just awful .
 good if you are bored but not good . its a creature feature in the strictest sense - the creature is the feature and pretty boring at that . i would give this one a pass unless you are realy , stoned , really bored , or trying to sleep . Totally , not worth the money , I would recommend you save it and buy a taco .
 Not a fan of the &#34; not sure who the star really is &#34; movies . The life on a fishing platform was well depicted and sad . The rest of the movie to include the monster lacked consistency .
 Even Michael Par ' e could n't make this a better horror movie . The ending could 've been a whole lot better . definitively a low budget flick .
 My quest is all about steam trains , although Diesel 's are more efficient , they pail by comparison to the old `` Steam Trains . '' Years ago Mr. Dizzy Dean would while announcing baseball games , would sing about the `` Wabash Cannonball , '' so I thought this was all about `` Steam Trains . '' So I took a chance on it !
 Fat chance if any further -LRB- unlikely -RRB- Maniac Cop sequels are going to be like this . The interest has gone from the series.The plot , such as it as , revolves around that uniformed cadaver Matt Cordell being resurrected once again . He then attempts to bring about the resurrection of the female cop killed in Part 2 , for reasons which never become apparent.Boring and lifeless from beginning to end , new ideas very thin on the ground indeed . Virtualy nothing seems to happen throughout the bulk of the film , and it ends in yet another car chase . Do n't bother with this one . We do n't want the producers thinking it 's popular enough to warrant dragging the series to any further depths with a Part 4 .
 Be careful , folks . Despite the packaging and description , this is NOT the 1930 film but a 1958 film of the same name also starring Albers . The plot is different , too
 `` The Kitchen '' is as exciting as waiting for a pot of water to boil ... with the same results . It 's a talking head documentary , and despite the fact it touts that it was filmed in a restaurant kitchen over two days , that it claims to be some sort of reality TV , most of the documentary consists of interviews with Michael McCarty -LRB- Welcome to Michael 's
 This movie is absolutely dreadful . From the story , to the cast and and on to the acting , it was all bad .
 I have n't seen the second one in this series as I did n't realize that there was a second one when I rented this one last night . I thought it would be close to the first one in the series but when I looked at who the actor and actress for the King and Queen - I was disappointed . The actress that played the Queen was horrible . Most of the characters in this film did n't act - they just read their lines . I sure wo n't rent the second one , why bother !
 Would have loved it without the stupid environmental wacko crap . Very disappointed that the storyline was so bad . Will not recommended it to anyone .
 While I enjoyed the original movie and sequel , they should have stopped while they were ahead . I hate to say I wish I had the time invested in watching this movie back .
 I am very glad to see clean , family friendly movies being made . This movie fits that description . Unfortunately , it was so boring and/or cheesy , that no one in my family wanted to see it . The story line was OK , but predictable ; the villains were melodramatically over-villainous ; the couple kissed or held hands every time they got together to remind us this was a fairy-tale romance ; and some of the scenery was obviously low budget . There were parts that were definitely good , but they were overshadowed by the overall feel of the movie . It could have been quite a bit better .
 Bought it as a gift . I did watch it . It 's super corny . But if your a tween girl . You 'll probably enjoy it .
 Why do they keep making movies that do n't need a sequel ? The first movie was a cute romantic comedy and left viewers to use their imagination as to what might happen later . They then made the second one and it has different actors and is not at all as expected . Paige went home to finish her studies so why is she suddenly studying in a different county ? Why has so many of the actors changed -LRB- because they had sense enough to realize this was a stupid movie -RRB- and why does Paige still want this guy when he so quickly decides to marry the other girl just because she has n't learned the language ? -LRB- I know it was only suppose to be a few years later but her parents really changed - older actors who were overweight from the younger trim farmers in the first movie -RRB- I actally watched the second movie even though I did n't like it and decided to give this one a try . I have to be honest and say that I have never sat through this complete movie at one time . I fall asleep or just give up and walk out of the room . Bravo to the first actress who never came back for more .
 Dissapointing , I loved the first with Julia Styles and Luke Mably but , none of the lead actors in this movie seem to be fitting into their characters . Zorin for one does not do , this actor has no idea where he fits in the picture , not even talking about Scott . If a series such as this is planned by the producers they should make sure that all the lead actors are available throughout to ensure proper continuity . Kam Heskin and Chris Geere does just not cut it . There seem to be a certain rythm in their playing the characters of Paige and Eddie that is absent . The acting of all the characters is very amateuristic and does not comply with the rythm and flow of the Prince and Me . If you have not seen the first Prince and Me maybe this one could go down as a good stand alone but , if you want it on your shelve for future viewing I would not recommend buying it . Sorry guys you just did not get it right a third time , Please do n't try again . All but a romantic comedy as far as I 'm concerned .
 Totally predictable to the point of being `` soupy '' . Pleased with vendor though . Timing right . DVD in good condition
 This third installment of ` The Prince and Me '' trilogy is truly mind-numbing . The first was corny and improbable but had a certain escapist charm owing to the lead actors , Julia Stiles and Luke Mably . Number two was a hoot ; so stupid it left one gasping for air . Number three has arrived and is giving its immediate predecessor a run for it 's money . The main characters have now both been replaced , which is merciful for the reputations of the original cast members ; the performances of the new ` royal couple ' should give hope to amateur thespians everywhere but those two should seriously contemplate working at the local mall . Having said that though - we bought it for a laugh and we are n't disappointed !
 THIS IS NUMBER THREE IN THE SERIES AND EACH ONE IS WORSE THAN THE PREVIOUS .
 As one might expect from the series , this movie is a bit corny and the acting is n't great . It seems like soap opera acting , with typecast characters . Neither the king nor the queen exude the charisma one would expect from royalty . Much of the storyline is simply unbelievable -LRB- does anybody think the `` evil '' prime minister would really whip out a sword and attack the king ? -RRB- . Furthermore , the film looks like it was made on a budget - rather than showing HD-quality scenes of wildlife with the actors , the movie appears to use older footage of wildlife from documentaries that was simply spliced into the movie -LRB- at some points , the lighting and tone of the snow in the wildlife shots are slightly different than the rest of the scenes -RRB- . The saving grace for this movie is that it is not entirely predictable and the plot takes some twists and turns -LRB- some for the worse -RRB- . I also appreciated that the king and queen were depicted as having a relatively mature relationship - not dramatically breaking up for a year over a silly miscommunication , as seems so prevalent in romantic comedies -LRB- for example , `` Baby on Board '' -RRB- . It will probably be entertaining enough for younger kids , but parents and older children will probably be bored .
 Unfortunately these days the First of series like Prince and Me was by far the best . The Second not as good but OK , the third nope.Itreally does not make sense and looked like it was thrown together and once again a new Female lead.Time to stop guys .
 I purchased this dvd for my Mother . I really did n't like it much at all , but she enjoyed it . The first one of the set -LRB- Prince & Me -RRB- , was the only one that I thought was half way any good . My Mother enhjoyed them very much .
 I thoroughly dislike this show , but I 've become addicted to it . However , the 7th episode of season 4 may have cured me because it was even more inane than usual .
 The new season of parenthood is basically riding on the emotional/dramatic storyline of Christna 's battle with cancer . Other than that their has been little intriguing development in the lives of other characers . Unless your still entertained by Sarah and her daughter 's apparent lack of ability to truly committ to one man . Parenthood 's strong point has always been multiple interesting storylines that beg for a resolution and are drawn out over many episodes . In this season the continual building of intrigue and story lines has weakened and become predictable .
 If you liked `` Tales from the Crypt , '' you might find this godchild of the TV series passable , although its collection of tales is even more garish and gratuitously cruel than most of the `` Crypt '' episodes . There is a lot of female mutilation going on here . In fact the different narratives just seem to provide an excuse for showing the graphic mortifications . The storylines , such as they are , all end in hooks on which to hang the titillating , torturous visuals.A couple of the narratives do show some promise at their starts . The Goth girl 's account has the interesting premise of her having been nurtured in the womb with a strange companion . And one of the married couple 's accounts takes place against a backdrop of some very compelling scenery of Japan . However , like their two companion pieces , these tales also soon spiral off into unlikely rendings of the flesh.The stories , in short , make little sense , even as surrealism . And the epilogues that Henry Gibson 's character provides for each of them just skews the tales that much further into gross implausibility . It all ends up being as illogical and visually ungrammatical as the movie 's title.To make the point even more plainly - there certainly is a lot to offend feminist sensibility here . All the featured women are cast solely to engage in or to suffer some bizarre sexual onslaughts . The stories therefore are not so much scary as they are scarification . And they are disturbing just because they make one wonder and worry over what sorts of minds are loose out there that enjoy writing and producing such imaginings.That 's why I almost skipped the Directors/Actors ' commentary on the DVD . I was afraid this would just be another frat house descent into semi-sadistic girlfriend bashing . However , the commentary actually turned out to be a pleasant surprise and the best part of the DVD.The different actors and directors of each segment rotate into the discussion to talk a little about their experiences making the film . It turns into a convivial open-house whose guests have some entertaining insights to offer - about scouting locations , about the histories of both the new and the veteran actors who star , about the family feeling that developed during the making of the film . There is perhaps a little too much wishful thinking that goes on here , as parallels are drawn with Stanley Kubrick 's work . Also , very little about the different plots gets elucidated . Nevertheless , the camaraderie of the commentary is appealing.So there is a reason to check this film out after all . With every other DVD that has included a Director 's Commentary , the obvious advice has been to skip the commentary if you do n't have time to view everything on the DVD . However this DVD is the one exception I 've found to that rule-of-thumb . I suggest the average viewer might do well to skip watching the movie straight , and just click immediately to the Directors ' voice-overs . Since the plots do n't make sense anyway , you wo n't be missing much there . But you 'll get to see what counts , and you 'll get in on some more benignly encouraging happy talk .
 I took a chance and rented this one . I figured that with 4 individual short films in this thing , at least 1 or 2 of them would be scary . Was I wrong ! 4 short films and nothing scary about any of them . I should have known . After all , when was the last time you saw anything good with John Saxon or Henry Gibson in it ? Well , do n't expect much from this one either . At least not as far as good scary horror moments go.However , if you 're looking for lots of nudity , this is definitely worth a look . I think there were topless women in just about every one of the short stories . The puzzler though is
 Trapped Ashes is one of those films tht could 've been great , but ended up a total dud . The one bright light in the whole film is Gibson , who , while a bit hammy , comes off an genuinely creepy . The rest of the 4 tales are a predictable mish-mash of pseudo horror , light gore , and gratuitous nudity and sex . All the directors involved more or less seemed to be phoning n their work , and even Saxon , the only other credible actor in the cast -LRB- the rest seemed like they were in a high-school play -RRB- , pretty much sleepwalked his lines . Interesting that something like Tales From The Crypt , done -- what ? -- 30 years earlier , was far superior . Save your money ; look for it on cable some late night .
 Like an ash , really . This movie , for me , was very unbearable to watch . The stories were contrived and did n't make much sense . The only thing about the whole package that i liked was the sound track music , which reminded me of a far more interesting anthology filmAfter MidnightWatch it instead if you can
 One of the saddest things in the world to witness for a film buff is when a hero in the business spirals down . When you see a famous director take on a project that turns out to be abysmal at best . When you see someone who once was the belle of the ball turn out to be the bag lady . Such is the case with TRAPPED ASHES.The movie tells the story of a lowly tour guide -LRB- Henry Gibson -RRB- for an old movie studio that does n't seem to produce much of anything these days . Several visitors who have received free passes board the bus and their on their way . They stop to look at a spooky old house on the hill , once used in the productions of a horror film director . Of course the group wants to get out and take a look around even when advised against it by the guide.While walking around the building , they all end up trapped in a dining area . It is there that Gibson remarks that their predicament is much like that of the director 's most notorious film where he had dinner guests trapped until each of them told their scariest personal experience . Thinking that perhaps this might work , each offers their tales.The first story is `` The Girl With The Golden Breasts '' and is told by aspiring actress Phoebe -LRB- Rachel Veltn -RRB- . With little success in her career , Phoebe opted for that one item that makes an actress a success
 Man , Steve Guttenberg ! Whatever happened to him ? He is the best actor I have ever seen . Three Men and a Baby and Short Circuit are some of the best movies ever . Police Academy 2 sucked , and so did the other ones , but that 's okay . GUTTENBERG FOREVER !!!
 This is a very wierd , but bad follow up to the first movie.The script is very bad , and the direction -LSB- was poor -RSB- . Do n't buy , touch , or lay eyes on this movie .
 This standup was about as funny as stabbing . When you have to Ask the audience if it 's funny then it 's bad . I gave the DVD to my nephew to use as a frisbee . I like his syndicated morning show but this was bad .
 Two stars because it was n't worth me buying . Renting it on redbox for a dollar is a better choice . There were few funny parts but it is n't Rickey Smiley 's best preformance
 Sorry to inform you guys that I have yet to receive this DVD -LRB- Today is Sunday Jan. 15,2012 -RRB- . Patiently awaiting it 's arrival . Thought it may have gotten LOST in the Christmas shuffle ?? please get this to me ASAP Thanks
 This DVD was very disappointing to me and a waste of my money . It 's the 1st DVD I 've ever purchased and will NOT watch it again . I 'm a die hard fan but do not like this DVD . I 'm so sorry ...
 I like Rickey Smiley , so my expectations for `` Open Casket Sharp '' were high especially after watching the clips on the commercial . Turns out the only funny parts of the entire show were on the commercial clips and Steve Harvey who introduced Rickey at the beginning of the show . Very disappointing .
 No long drawn out review with a whole lot of fancy words no one knows the meaning of . My review will have errors and typos but you 'll understand my point . In short , the DVD was horrible . Great comedians tell Extremely Funny stories and occassionally throw in a a few good jokes and Rickey did neither . The jokes and stories were terrible . The bits were too long as far as timing . Songs that should have been 30 seconds snippets were full 3 min songs -LRB- White & Black Band comparison -RRB- . Oh I 'm in pain ... writing this is bringing back memories . Rickey has been funny in movies . I love him in Friday and on his radio show . But I have to tell Rickey the jokes were not funny on this DVD . The music sucked , and take your own advice and shorten all your bits they were painful to watch . I over heard a girl say `` I wish I had Bought it from the `` Boot leg man '' so I could 've told him it was broke to get a different movie . It was like watching paint dry UUUUgh . '' When I heard that I almost choked with laughter . Rickey We love you Bro , but as the folks at ESPN would say , `` Come on Man . '' I hope we see you on stage again but please get better at this Filmed Comedy Show thing , or better yet get better people around you to tell you what 's funny and what 's not . This does not represent the best of Rickey Smiley .
 Received this item , placed it in my DVD player , did n't get to see a thing . DVD would not play had to return damaged product . I was looking so forward to seeing this concert on Mr. Smiley .
 HINT
 I like Rickey Smiley . I think he is very funny , but this DVD was a big let down . For me there was n't one good laugh in the whole thing -LRB- including the extras -RRB- I would n't spend any amout of money on this DVD . If you like Rickey you should look for some of his other stuff .
 To be honest not very funny at all . Do n't get me wrong I recently went to his live show which was hilarious , but he also had other acts . This DVD only has Rickey Smiley doing about an hour of standup , in my opinion this is nowhere near his best work .
 At one point in the show Ricky Smiley asks people on the front row why they are n't laughing . The answer is simple . this is not funny . I waited and waited for laughs . None came . Maybe I 've seen too many comedy shows , but this one does not move me at all . Lil Darryl is more tragic than humorous . The ` Church Lady ' brought a few chuckles the first few times he brought her out . The bit about the bass player needed to be fleshed out . But , the music he used had no prominent bass playing in it , so it did n't work . Sorry Ricky Smiley , but you need to put some thought behind your act . Build on something instead of giving us just a premise . I 'm still waiting to laugh .
 Not for the weak in Faith as satire can be very rough . Jesus provides what we need through the Father and will use all things to the good of the Kingdom . Self -- reliance is good and we poor humans are need so much sometime that we need to be reminded that we can do most things on our own . Keep this in mind and do n't belive everything on the internet
 After only amassing a moderate box office success with 2003 's `` The Scorpion King '' starring former wrestling superstar Dwayne `` The Rock '' Johnson , Universal Pictures apparently put on hold any potential sequels to the prequel -LRB- that sounded funny ... oh well -RRB- of their popular `` The Mummy '' series . In 2008 , Universal dusted off the character of the Scorpion King for another shot at movie audiences ; however , this effort would not star The Rock , as it was to be a prequel -LRB- a decision that I believe was prompted by The Rock most likely rejecting the notion of starring in another ` Scorpion King ' movie -RRB- , and it would also skip any kind of theatrical release , going directly to DVD . So , let me think about this for a second , the star of the original movie most likely rejected the idea of reprising his role for a sequel , potentially causing the shift from sequel to prequel , then the movie skips theaters altogether and goes directly to DVD , finally getting released around the same time as another ` Mummy ' movie was hitting theaters . Does anyone else besides me believe that this spelled potential disaster for this second entry in the inferior spin-off series to `` The Mummy '' ? Let 's have a show of hands ... Yeah , that 's what I thought , pretty much everyone sees this movie as nothing more than a hack job primarily made for cashing in on the recently released `` The Mummy
 Ok , having read the other reviews about this movie , - scorpion king 2 , i can concur , - the acting was bad , the story could have been better , - true true -- BUT , i was happy to see that the little baldheaded mathyias had the mannerisms of the older mathyias down pat , - down to the eyebrow lift - i enjoyed alot of that . - i watched the whole movie . - i cringed some , i laughed some at some stupidness , - but i watched it , and will give it to my grandkids --
 I had looked forward to seeing a Scorpion King 2 movie . Needless to say I picked this up not expecting much and luckily my expectations were n't shattered.First the movie lacks , well it lacks the Rock . Second , it lacks the pure fun factor of the original Scorpion King movie . With that said , the acting was n't oscar worthy but I did n't pick it up expecting it to be . It is worth watching , it is NOT worth spending 30 on it to pick it up in blu-ray . DVD , maybe . This movie is for those whom liked the old B adventure movies/tv shows . Kevin Sorbo , Hercules , Xena . . though those shows are better then this you get the idea.This movie is for those who are n't overly critcal and just like to watch adventure movies . If you are one of those people that analyze and rip every detail to shreds , this movie is n't for you.The movie stars ex Power Ranger Michael Coupon . While he brings decent fight skills to the movie , his acting is subpar . Not horrid just not great.The plot is your basic I need to get revenge for the death of my father . His father was suppose to be this elite warrior who frankly looked more like the janitor at my local health club . He was n't believable as this invincible warrior that Matheyus looked up to.The wizard/king was a complete waste of time , not believable and reminded me more of an ex wrestler and maybe he is , I did n't find it worth the effort to look up . He was no replacement for Memnon in the first Scorpian king who oozed evil fairly well.I would go into more detail , but to be honest , after a few weeks , I 've already started to forget half of the movie where as I still remember the original Scorpian King years and years later.I for one like B movies as I 'm not overly critical . But this movie is not worth the blu-ray purchase . DVD maybe but I 'd wait for cable .
 I have to say honestly , that this is the biggest pile of crap I have watched in a long time . There , I said it , sorry to be so blunt , but I ca n't be nice about this.The connection to the story of the `` Scorpion King '' is about as tenuous as the directors grip on this movie.I do n't mind sword and sorcery hokum , even the low budget variety , but I ended up feeling sorry for the actors in this one.We have all the standard makings of a franchise follow up.Hero - checkBabe - checkGeek - checkBad guy - checkAdd the stock additional characters to add supposed depth , but there chiefly to die in some grisly fashion , some tricky situations , monsters , and a good dose of `` dark magic '' and you 've about got it all.Oh , I almost forgot , the hero 's father was killed by the Bad Guy , so was his brother , and probably his hamster , so revenge is foremost in his mind , most of the time.This is dire , the acting is awful , the special effects are very cheap and choppy , even the blue screen stuff looks bad.On a separate note , the Sword of Damocles -LRB- needed to kill the bad guy -RRB- the last time I checked was n't left spinning in the Underworld , but hung from a single horse hair . Oh , and the minotaur lived in a Labyrinth , not a dungeon . Oh , and the underworld was ruled by Hades , not some seductive dark witch ... I could go on , and onLike a mug I purchased the Blu Ray hoping for great things , and got stung -LRB- at least I picked it up cheap -RRB- . Save your money folks , if you must see it , rent it .
 It 's not every movie that begins with a bad narration AND shadow puppets.It 's not just that this is a very bad movie , there 's also a sequel to it ! Now that takes some nerve , repeating one 's mistakes . . AND , making people pay for them.Unimpressive , to say the least , populated with a cast of unknowns struggling through an adventure that was n't much of one ; what was the point ? Except for one surreal moment when they 're on a column in a desert -LRB- what a swell wallpaper that 'd make for a computer -RRB- , there is n't much to distinguish this from every other quest that 's been put to film . It was like watching the Three Stooges on a hike . And what was with that goddess of the flying ribbons . That noise that emanated from her sounded like her stomach was growling . It came across as more humorous than frightening . But when it came to lacking menace , no one could top the lead bad guy , Randy Couture . Whoever told him he could act , LIED ! Not even CGI could help him convey a sense of villainy . Unfortunately , they would keep letting him speak.Not going to buy The Scorpion King 3 and this one is n't a keeper !
 This could be the worst movie I 've seen in years . Total waste of a good blank dvd disk . No one in the movie can act . The special effects are a true joke consedering the technology available today . Talk about low budget . I 'm embarrassed to say I actually threw away money to buy this truly horrible sequel to a decent but also not very good origional movie . SAVE YOUR MONEY . If you must , it will probably be on cable next week for free . I ca n't see it even going pay per view ...
 First of all they picked a non-interesting baby face actor to be themajor character ... oh my ... The bad guy was ok but sounds like he needs more acting roles by the way he delivered his line ... the bad witch or whatever ... too cute ... And now for the good stuff ... At one point the movie resembled a swordand sandal quest movies that was popular in the 1960 's ... the desertland of the dead scenario was the best . The other surprise was the actor that portrayed the scribe / writer in this movie ... Reminded me of a young Roddy McDowall character from Alladin movies to the planet of the apes movies.So the 2 stars are for the Bad guy , the scribe and the limited budget special effect personel.Rent it ... dont buy it
 So this year my family decided to celebrate Christmas a week in advance . We were all very joyous and consumed unhealthy amounts of egg nog . When it came time to open presents , I exchanged gifts with one of my dear friends . He gave me an iPod full of my favorite Kenny Chesney songs . I love Kenny Chesney . I knew then that what I got him would be worthless in comparison , but he assured me it 's the thought that counts . So I handed it over to him , at which point he paused thoughtfully . `` Before I open this , '' he said , `` I just have something real quick to say . Just something real quick . '' He proceeded to ask me if I 'd ever seen The Scorpion King 2
 Not very good . Certainly does not live up to the quality and adventure of its predecessors . Best to rent and view it , then decide if you want to buy it .
 I remember seeing the first Scorpion King in the theater and I LOVED it . It had pretty much everything I could expect in a spin-off from The Mummy - Great action , lots of witty humor and very beautiful Egyptian location , and THE ROCK ! What a fantastic and underrated . Now I saw the trailer for this one and thought `` Another one ? '' . Sadly , it looks like I was right . * Another * one . A movie I could laugh , cry , and gawk at how bad it is . So I decided to rent it anyways , because , well , hey , it 's a Scorpion King movie . And oh , I could n't even make it all the way through . It 's that bad ... well , actually it 's WORSE !!!!! The location is AWFUL and nothing like the other movie which had BEAUTIFUL scenery in Egypt , the actors seem to have gotten their acting talents from 4 year olds , the battle scenes are awful too - shaky camera , constant jump edits , it 's like you 're having a seizure the whole time . Oh and the dialogue is mind-numbingly awful too . Overall , if you like mindless idiocy that 's so-called `` Cinema '' , be sure not to miss this stinker .
 I purchased this at Wal Mart on sale for $ 16 thinking it was in the vein of the previous series ... boy was I wrong . To think that the makers of the Mummy Series came out with this is unbelieveable . They must have been drunk when they made this . It is the most sorry movie I have ever seen in 56 years of life . If I could recycle this DVD I would but then I would be trashing the planet earth . DO NOT waste your money . . take your significant other out for dinner instead .
 This was definitely not the worst movie of the year , though it certainly hovers near the bottom of the list.That being said , it was better than Indiana Jones Crystal Skulls , and even better than the most recent installment of Narnia
 Sometimes one can laugh at products like this -- not this time around.Bad acting , bad storline , bad movie .
 Bad movie , not even worthy of renting it . This prequel to 2002 's The Scorpion King has nothing to do with the first one . Bad plot , cheap production . unreasonable scenes through out .
 Rented the movie , watched it ... barely . HORRIBLE acting except for the poet and the Chinese character . Extremely weak story line . Was n't even worth renting . Would have given it zero stars if I could .
 I caught a screener of this . Wow this was bad . What do you get when you have the greatest Mixed Martial Arts fighter in history -LRB- Randy Couture -RRB- fight the Blue Power Ranger -LRB- Michael Copon -RRB- ? The Blue Power Ranger ?????? You get a mess . Shame on the film makers . No wonder `` the Rock '' did n't want any part of this straight to DVD trash . It 's the same old `` you killed my daddy , now I 'm gon na kill you -LRB- After I go to the underworld and get the secret sword that is the only means to kill you -RRB- '' garbage storyline you have seen a million times.The special effects are ok that 's why I 'm giving it one star.Now I 'm going to go wash my eyes out with kerosene .
 I 'm sorry to say I rented this just because of the title , without doing any research ! My bad ... I did n't expect anything particularly intellectual , but just wanted to be entertained , maybe see some nice male bods and some beautiful scenery . -LRB- After 6 years of training , these guys looked like they better find a new workout guru . The one they had sucked ! -RRB- The dialogue was absolutely ridiculous , especially based on the time period this was to have taken place ... writers must have been under the influence of something ! There was a total lack of acting ability and ho-hum action scenes , but I kept watching , thinking it MIGHT have some redeeming quality . NOPE . Save your money folks ! This one 's an absolute stinker !! I accidentally gave it a one-star rating , but it does n't deserve even that ! You can put this in the fantasy category , if you want , but the real fantasy is that someone actually thought this was a project worth putting money into .
 Wow . This movie has earned its place right near the top of my `` stupidest movies I have ever seen '' list . Lousy screenwriting , corny scripts , cheap effects , and horrid acting . All through the movie I became more and more disgusted , and then the end credits came and I saw that this film was made in 2008 ! One would expect much more of such a recent work . Totally not up to par with modern movies -- maybe more like 1990 . I must admit that Michael Copon did an amazing job , however . If it were n't for him , this movie would have been an absolute bust . If it 's on TV , feel free to watch it -- but NEVER pay money to see it !
 I remember seeing the first Scorpion King in the theater and I LOVED it . It had pretty much everything I could expect in a spin-off from The Mummy - Great action , lots of witty humor and very beautiful Egyptian location , and THE ROCK ! What a fantastic and underrated . Now I saw the trailer for this one and thought `` Another one ? '' . Sadly , it looks like I was right . * Another * one . A movie I could laugh , cry , and gawk at how bad it is . So I decided to rent it anyways , because , well , hey , it 's a Scorpion King movie . And oh , I could n't even make it all the way through . It 's that bad ... well , actually it 's WORSE !!!!! The location is AWFUL and nothing like the other movie which had BEAUTIFUL scenery in Egypt , the actors seem to have gotten their acting talents from 4 year olds , the battle scenes are awful too - shaky camera , constant jump edits , it 's like you 're having a seizure the whole time . Oh and the dialogue is mind-numbingly awful too . Overall , if you like mindless idiocy that 's so-called `` Cinema '' , be sure not to miss this stinker .
 The original Scorpion King was n't anything spectacular to be sure , but it did the job in helping cement Dwayne `` The Rock '' Johnson 's transition from professional wrestler to action film star . Scorpion King 2
 When I heard about a sequel to The Scorpion King , I wanted to see it . I bought this with Prom Night and The Wizard of Gore remake . I thought it was just alright , but something confused the crap out of me ! Mathayus 's brother died in the first one , but this one takes place before the original , and his brother dies in this one . Unless he had two brothers , that did not make sense . Other than that , the storyline was okay . Mathayus wants to avenge his father 's death , so he trains for six years . When he comes back , the man who killed hid dad became king . Later , Mathayus and his girlfriend Layla end up in the Underworld . There are some funny moments , but it 's still not as good as the original Scorpion King ! I probably would n't recommend THE SCORPION KING 2
 Poor graphics , the characters did n't stand out.The action never seemed to reach you and the acting and entire movie for that fact is what you would find in a really really low budgeted film.Not worth seeing , even if you are a fan of the first installment or Mummy francise .
 This movie , has nothing to do with the previous Scorpion King . What a farce . They could not pay me any money to sit and watch it again . Very , very bad acting . Too bad . They had an interesting story , but the acting destroyed it . Please , for your own good , do not confuse this movie with the first great Scorpion King movie .
 No need to answer this question . This movie should never have been made . That 's how bad it is . The makers of the film were slick in giving us a glimpse of some of the better highlights of the movie . The acting was poor , the dialogue was atrocious , the action was missing for most of the movie . I should n't go on any further , because anything else I add to this will be worse . Let me say that this movie is bad all around .
 Do not let the title fool you . The Rock is not in this movie . It was just some garbage Universal tried to turn into a movie -LRB- which is not even a real movie -RRB- . It looks like real trash .
 First , the Rock is not in the movie , but that 's no great loss . The `` star '' , the bald dimwit , must be one of the absolute worst actors ever to disgrace the screen . Laughably bad . The SFX ? Low budget , low tech , low quality . Most situations - idiotic . Nothing action packed , sexy , or remotely interesting in this waste of time . If you removed the title of '' ... Scorpion King '' , you would not even look twice at this in a closeout bin.Come on - the `` Black Scorpions '' - the elite of the elite , have the build and muscle mass of a 14 year old girl - after they have undergone 6 years of training . Totally predictable plot , lousy sword fights -LRB- no skill - just really bad moves ! -RRB- , b-grade all the way .
 Being a big fan of the Mummy movies and the first Scorpion King , I was excited to see Scorpion King 2 . Terrible !! Poor acting , ridiculous screen play and silly CGI . Third rate B movie that over all was just lame .
 Scorpion King 2
 Bad acting ! Cheesy special effects ! Mathayus wants revenge on an evil ruler that killed his father and brother . And theres a lot of inconsistencys to the first one . Like Mathyaus was getting revenge on another evil ruler in the first film because he killed his brother , unless Mathyus had 2 brothers.Another is the first film took place before the time of the pyramids in this movie everyone said lets go see the pyramids The acting ? What acting ? Also bad special effects . Also the Rock was n't in it . I could only get through half of it . It was just Bad Bad Bad ! Save your money and watch this when it comes on cable again if you must see it .
 A young warrior -LRB- Michael Copon -RRB- gets on the bad side of a powerful king -LRB- Randy Couture -RRB- who has allied himself with the forces of darkness.This is a tired , dull Conan lite wannabe with poor performances , lackluster effects , and a clich&eacute;d screenplay . Other than that , it 's pretty good . Couture would make a good Marine drill sergeant , but he does not inhabit the ancient world convincingly .
 I liked all the related movies , Mummy series and the first Scorpian King movie . Fortunately I only rented this movie . Had to give this a star , Amazon requirement . I can not remember much about the quality of the blu-ray picture or the sound , because the movie was not good enough to care about remembering anything about .
 the product is ok the movie itself is a little lack luster but the product is just fine .
 The only relation this rubbish bears to the previous film is in the name . Bad script . Bad acting . Effects that are only slightly bearable . Such terrible fight scenes
 This movie is awful . I would say is a Hallmark type production but that would be an insult to Hallmark movies which I enjoy occasionally.This is BAD , starting with the way it was produced , the acting , the story , pretty much everything . Damocles apparently died `` a thousand deaths '' by this magical sword that cuts through everything ... . So much for the greek legend accuracy ... Children that grow up watching these movies will end up incredibly dumb ... To conclude , this movie is like a bad episode of Xena and that says a lot.P.S .
 The Scorpion King 2
 this movie is crap!Stars
 Unquestionably battling for the top spot in the category of the 5 worst movies I 've seen in the past 40 years , it 's PATHETIC , Randy is worse than a doped up porn actor , it 's disgusting , how can they sell this ??? If you watch it or buy it you are an idiot , you 've been warned !!!!
 This movie was a huge disappointment . There were a couple ok fight seens , but even that was lacking . The story line was poor taking place when Arcadian was a boy and on a mission of revenge for the death of his father that takes him into some spirit world . The Rock was not in this one , which was a huge disappointment for me to start with . To top that off , the acting was really bad , but the few women that were it in were barely dressed and nice to look at.If you liked the first two Mummy movies and the first Scorpoin King movie , you will probably not like this !! All and all , I wish I had more hands to give it a 4 thumbs down !
 I could n't sit through the entire movie . The quality of the video was awful , it was n't sexy , the acting was bad , the story incoherent -- need I say more ?
 Do not waste your time . It looked like someone 's college film project . I kept waiting for something to happen . But it never delivered .
 I tried to watch the Criterion edition of this movie knowing how highly regarded it is.I found that while the movie has considerable dialogue -LRB- and fast Italian dialogue -RRB- the subtitles seems to only be present for very little of it -- with some sentences seeming to not even be completed . It is fragmentary at best.I find the movie unwatchable as I am staring to try to understand the movie -LRB- which is complex enough as it is -RRB- and feeling frustrated . Is this a flaw on my copy or is this the way this edition is?I normally have no trouble with subtitles and own many foreign films in my collection .
 It 's really quite amusing reading all of the fawning encomia to this pretentious piece of garbage . Because this film 's reputation is based on a top-down critical diktat rather than on inherent quality , most of these reviews either cite some sort of authority -LRB- Roger Ebert , the Academy Awards , some frou frou list of the greatest `` films '' of `` cinema '' -RRB- to justify their adulation , or they seem to be quoting accolades and analysis from some film-history textbook . The sheep ca n't bleat their loyalty to received judgement fast enough . After two viewings , I have found nothing of value in 8 1/2 . This movie consists of glamourous Italians going here and there talking about_nothing _ , with occasional surrealistic hallucinations interspersed . This entire movie is a cheap trick , and that will be acknowledged in a more honest era . In the meantime , it is our duty , like the little child , to proclaim very loudly that the Emperor is naked ! I give this movie negative 8 1/2 stars .
 Overrated nonsense . I love arty films , and there are plenty to choose from , but this one is nothing . A director does n't know what to do with his movie . Alright already . He 's boring the hell out of me . For a masterpiece of film , this emperor is in his underwear . This hodgepodge of nonsense just gets on my nerves and wears out my patience . It should n't have been over two hours . It should have been 15 minutes.It took three sittings before I could get through it . By the end , as the DVD clock said it was 2:12 into it , I felt betrayed because it was only supposed to be 2:10 . It lasted another few stupid minutes . The best moment in the film is when I knew it was finally over . God be praised . This idiocy is over .
 Without a doubt , the most pretentious , self-indulgent mess of a movie I 've ever seen . The high praise showered on this film baffles me .
 Every time I watch this movie - or try to watch it - I fall asleep in self-defense . Terrible , boring , not the great masterpiece everyone seems to claim .
 After watching this movie I really wish I had those two hours back . People will say it went over my head , but I will beg to differ . I just did n't enjoy the film . Sure it is an art film , and is one of the , if not the first , to explore freely flowing thoughts . But give me a break , how predictable can this thing be . Throw in Strange Religious imagery to show my strict Catholic upbringing . Add alittle dream girl -LRB- Claudio -RRB- to represent my dissatisfaction and struggles in my love life . Make Guido a director so the viewer knows it is a movie about me . I wo n't ruin the ending , but you could just fast forward to it . Whola , 8 1/2 . This movie just is n't as good as everyone says it is.I really wish someone would have the courage to say this movie sucks ! Everybody jump on the bandwagon , just because `` critics '' love it does n't mean you have to give it glowing reviews too . I understand , you have a reputation to keep up , what would the other people at the `` art-house '' say if you disagreed . And why would n't you buy it , you need to own every film in the `` Criterion Collection '' ! Come on , admit it , you also have The Rock , and Armageddon , and not because you like the films , you need to impress your friends . It is really kind of sad actually seeing all these sheep leading other sheep . 2 stars at best .
 Along with `` Ikiru '' and the migraine-inducingly dull `` Seventh Seal '' , we can count this Fellini abomination as another nail in world cinema 's coffin , which goes to prove once again how America is the greatest country there is . This 138 minute long `` film '' is not much more than a high budget experiment directed by a 19-year old UArts student . Lacking in any sort of character depth or interesting dialogue , the viewer can expect to be bored to tears by black and white footage of nonstop Italian ramblings by a distressed dork with hipster glasses . If you insist on looking `` intellectual '' by subjecting yourself to foreign films , may I recommend Bollywood 's recent output of romantic comedies .
 Federico Fellini 's `` 8 '' is often cited as the late director 's masterpiece but it is a maddening film to watch . It is filled to the brim with symbols , abstract ideas , ambiguity , and inner ruminations that taken together imposes on the audience the same disorienting feeling its main character is experiencing . This absence of a conventional narrative is an intriguing and bold step taken by a true artist of the medium , but experimentation alone does not make for a good film.Guido -LRB- Marcello Mastroianni -RRB- is a film director who has just completed a hit film and is now taking refuge at a health spa . His downtime is interrupted by a parade of individuals who do not realize that a crisis is at hand - the director has no idea what to do for a follow-up feature . Money has already been spent for an elaborate film set but Guido does not know what to do with it . Hoping to find inspiration , Guido starts to look into his past and experiences a spiritual crisis as he finds it difficult to reconcile his carnal , commercial , and creative sides.The famous sequence where Guido is reunited with all of the women he has crossed paths with in his life is a powerful sequence that is full of passion and energy . Yet , this same level of vigor is not maintained for the entire film and after a while the vivid yet disconnected imagery we are left with that is meant to symbolize Guido 's aimlessness just becomes annoying . Fellini was a man ahead of his time in exploring the notion of creative bankruptcy in a commercial medium on such a sophisticated level . However , by using the narrative of `` 8 '' to symbolize and deliver the message at the same time , he produced a film that comes across as too clever for its own good .
 Personally , I found 8 1/2 to be one of the most boring films I 've ever seen . It was a pretentious , self-indulgent trip down the director 's memory lane . I understood the plot , and enjoyed some of the thoughts raised near the end , but overall was bored silly by stilted , pointless dialogue.Having said that , the cinematography was stunning and the music almost made the film worth watching . Perhaps 8 1/2 would have been better off as a series of photographs with musical accompaniment :P .
 Criterion 2-disk version review : Tedious fictional semi-autobiographical story about a film director who is working on a movie but ca n't figure out a plot or ending . I can see where people might think this is a great art film , but I found it a struggle to watch -LRB- once with and once without commentary -RRB- . The commentors point out every little nuance that is supposed to mean something - whether it truly does is debatable - `` this scene with Guido totally in darkness while Claudia is in light means ... '' ... `` notice how the succession of large closups shows ... '' etc. I could only sit through about 5 or 10 minutes of the hour long feature about Fellini - very tedious as some 1960 's Italian hippies were trying to make some point -LRB- or joke -RRB- . -LRB- In Italian with subtitles -RRB- . Interview with Sandra was pretty nice . Sampled and passed on other interviews.Documentary on Nino Rota -LRB- in German with subtitles -RRB- was OK , though I was not that interested and bailed early.Passed on photographs.The booklet has some interesting background in which Fellini explains he had a type of `` director 's block '' and decided to make a movie about that.The movie was beautifully filmed in black-and-white , had interesting use of light and shadow , and included some nice images and sets . The opening scene was good , but it was all downhill from there.Time for another 60 's classic , `` Fractured Flickers '' .
 8 1/2 is a pointless movie . It goes nowhere , it means nothing , and it is way too long . Films like this are okay at a film festival with a half hour running time , but why did I have to watch this one for two hours and suffer for barely any interesting plot changes ? As much as I like some of their movies , I get quite frustrated with Kubrick , David Lynch , and other directors like them who think they 're so original and intellectual because they can create a collection of random unrelated scenes that the audience does not and will not care about because they have n't been supplied with any interesting background or future premises . I can imagine watching a movie as cryptic as this and enjoying it if only it had an interesting conflict or character that was worth wading through piles of nonsensical BS to find out about -LRB- AKA Eraserhead -RRB- . Unfortunately , the main character is boring , neither original or unoriginal , just a piece of meat that a camera follows around as I wait patiently for a worthless story to end . I 'm not a pawn that these so called `` masterminds '' can use for their benefit , because I understand the whole scheme ... I actually get it . With movies like these , people get so hyped up about interpretation and `` what does it mean ? '' , etc. . Well , it 's all a waste of time because the director of the film wanted you to interpret it , they wanted you to think , and they want you to believe they 're smarter than you . Ultimately , all these ideas are just images that pop into the writer/director 's heads and they put it into a film without much organization . This whole revolution of abstract cinema came from people who wanted to make movies , but could n't come up with any GOOD original ideas , and thanks to critics and `` Best Of '' lists , poor people like me will be wasting their time watching 8 1/2 for the next 100 years . Confusion is not entertainment , good stories are entertainment , and some people just do n't know what a good story is . For all the people who like 8 1/2 , I can guarantee that a large percentage of them just like the film for its mood and not its content . If you love the content of the film , you are easily amused .
 I was really looking forward to finally getting this movie in DVD format -LRB- great movie -RRB- . I was pretty disappointed when I received this DVD and found that the Warner Archive DVD 's are very finicky about where they will load . It does n't work in my main DVD player which is only a couple of years old . I have a small 9-inch DVD player that it will play in , but if you have a DVD player that records , forget about the Warner Archive DVDs , so now I have to watch this movie on a tiny portable player . Every other DVD I 've ever purchased before works fine except for this one . For the price of this DVD , it should have been recorded like most all other DVDs .
 It can be comforting to find that lovable Jerry on screen again
 This movie was as awful as anything Lewis has done since the mid-60s -LRB- though a few have been worse -RRB- . The opening title sequence , in the psychiatrist 's office , is very funny , true , but unfortunately the movie continues after that . Part of the story takes place in France , an obvious bone thrown to the country where some critics take Lewis seriously .
 The Bruce Campbell interview was fun . It was interesting seeing him out of the `` hollywood '' area . I thought he might be in one of the films but , the short movies were mostly by unknows , which brings us full circle ... I remember when BC was a unknown , and come to think of it , him is still a B level movie star ... which is ok with us .
 Bride of the Monster , aka Bride of the AtomAn Ed Wood film . Need I say more?Bela Lugosi 's last speaking part in this 1956 campy silliness as a mad doctor who somehow makes a fierce octopus that grabs people that walk too near Lake Marsh . The two guys who first get it are commenting on how unnatural the lightning is , and this is most likely caused by atomic bombs . Of course we do n't listen to that , those are just a couple of superstitious hunters , right?Well , after an attempt to get out of the rain but they are rebuffed by Lugosi 's character -LRB- Dr. Varnoff -RRB- and his mute friend Lobo -LRB- who actually screams when you whip him , go figure -RRB- . One guy falls in the swamp and gets attacked by the aforementioned octopus -LRB- why he just does n't stand up , I do n't know -RRB- and the other guy is put on a table and experimented on.He dies.Somehow a female reporter -LRB- Loretta King -RRB- gets the headlines that a monster is on the loose . This is not confirmed by the police nor anyone else . How she got that headline in the paper is anyone 's guess . Her fianc&eacute; is on the police force , too and they have a chat with the police chief , bantering about . The chief -LRB- Henry Dunn , also seen on Teenagers from Outer Space , my review is buried on that farce elsewhere -RRB- has a pet bird that sits on his shoulder . Joy.Anyway , long story short , Lugosi gets the girl on the table . Lobo likes her too much to see her fry and saves her . He then performed the experiment on Varnoff . Unfortunately the machine works on Varnoff , killing everyone else . Strange.How can Lobo and Varnoff be bullet proof , yet the bullets do n't mark their clothing ? Why do guns have 7 or 8 bullets in them ? Why are the alligators near the swamp also bullet proof ? Oh , and there is a small spy problem with a doctor who wants to take Varnoff back home to some communist country to help them make supermen . That does not work out too well either.Campy dialogue , overacting and an awful bantering episode between the chief and a file room woman -- awrghh ... Good movie to see for a laugh . I was surprised that the machine actually worked and did not kill Varnoff . Lugosi 's double was about a foot taller and wider than the slight Hungarian actor.Two stars for effort . Did you know that hypnosis can work through solid wood doors if you curl your fingers just right?Other Ed Wood films and/or parodies : The Ed Wood Collection - A Salute to IncompetenceEd Wood -LRB- Special Edition -RRB- The Ed Wood Box -LRB- Glen or Glenda / Jail Bait / Bride of the Monster / Plan 9 from Outer Space / Night of the Ghouls / The Haunted World of Ed Wood -RRB- Barely Legal Lesbian Vampires - Curse of Ed Wood
 This movie fooled me as it 's sort of funny and horror related all at the same time . The story does not have much to it , and the only truly good actor ... the only actor ... was Bela Lugosi . I got the movie thinking it had to be great if Lugosi was in it , but even a great actor ca n't compensate for a poor story ... which drags at times . The movie was so slow , I literally fell asleep watching it 3 times . I had to start it again and again.And not sure why they colorized this movie either . The `` monster '' is just an octopus in a aquarium . When they colorized it they used a bright blue background . The monster is supposed to be attacking some men at night ! Special effects do n't exist in this movie.Not a favorite for me and I am a true B-movie fan .
 BRIDE OF THE MONSTER -LRB- aka BRIDE OF THE ATOM -RRB- is another collaboration between Ed Wood , the worst director of all time and horror legend Bela Lugosi -LRB- and let 's not forget Tor Johnson -RRB- . This entry centres around mad scientist Lugosi 's attempt to create a master race of atomic superbeings to carry out his goal of -LRB- What else ? -RRB- world domination.Amusing , but not as good/bad as PLAN 9 FROM OUTER SPACE . The movie is still worth a look if only for the `` seriousness '' with which Wood made it . BRIDE OF THE MONSTER 's most `` elaborate '' set piece is a giant rubber octopus which makes the squid in 20,000 LEAGUES UNDER THE SEA look like footage from a Jacques Costeau documentary . A fun time-killer for lovers of bad movies , especially at its compact 69 minute running time .
 Bela Lugosi is evil mad scientist Dr. Vornoff . His ultimate , insane goal ? Not sure . He and his Igor-like assistant , Lobo -LRB- Tor Johnson -RRB- , kidnap local citizens who wander around the duo 's lab/abandoned house in the middle of the swamp . The victims are fitted with a funny hat , have a piece of photograph processing equipment aimed at them , and are fed to the giant rubber octopus out back.Spunky gal reporter Janet -LRB- Loretta King -RRB- decides to investigate the locals ' disappearances much to the collective chagrin of her straight arrow fiance , detective Dick -LRB- Tony McCoy -RRB- and Captain Robbins -LRB- Harvey B. Dunn -RRB- . Janet is captured by Lobo and held prisoner . Dick and his partner follow convenient victim Professor Strowski -LRB- George Becwar -RRB- to the swamp . For some unknown reason , perhaps to explain the title , Janet is eventually dressed in a wedding gown . Soon , Dick and Janet do battle with Vornoff and Lobo as Robbins and half a half dozen cops close in.Written and directed by Ed Wood , this film is awful but not as technically inept as `` Plan 9 from Outer Space . '' Wood does let his cast aspire to whole new depths of lousy acting . The entire cast is stiff , and the audience 's sympathy falls squarely on Lugosi . His performance is not just bad , it is sad.As mentioned , the `` bride '' in the title is King , but who is she supposed to be marrying ? Vornoff ? Lobo ? The rubber octopus ? There is a throw away line about her being the bride of an atom , which makes no sense.Ed Wood is looked upon with fondness today ; some might say he simply made films that are child-like and innocent . I have seen some of his films , and they are instead both childish and insolent . Good intentions do not a good film make , and the only thing good here are its intentions . I do not recommend it.Unrated - Physical violence , gun violence
 Bride of the Monster , 1955 filmThe story begins with the worst storm in years . Two men seek shelter in an old deserted house . They are turned away , and see the monster . A man is attacked by the tentacles of an octopus . -LSB- On land ? -RSB- The other is captured by the Monster . Vornoff has a test subject now . -LSB- Is n't this more funny than scary ? -RSB- Oops ! Another mistake . A man is arrested for vagrancy -LRB- for 72 hours -RRB- . The Captain gets his newspapers -LRB- humor -RRB- . People disappear in the swamp . `` There is no such thing as monsters in the 20th century . '' A newspaper reporter wants to learn more . Who bought the old Willows place ? Professor Strowsky tells about the Loch Ness monster . He will investigate for himself . -LSB- Great dialogue ? -RSB- Lobo captures Janet . What is causing the changes in the weather?They find Janet Lawton 's car ! A foreign government wants Vornoff to return to his country . He was expelled for wanting to experiment on humans with atomic chemicals . There is drama in the conversation . -LSB- The rubber octopus is funny , not scary . -RSB- Ha-ha-ha . -LSB- No flashlight for the dark ? -RSB- How many bullets in that revolver ? Janet is in the laboratory . The policeman discovers her . But Lobo acts . Suddenly Lobo goes loco ! Will he save Janet ? Will Janet free Lt. Craig ? Will Vornoff get a taste of his own medicine ? -LSB- Is this believable ? -RSB- Vornoff is turned into a super-creature . -LSB- Really his double . -RSB- The fight causes a fire . The police arrive , then shoot at Vornoff without any effect . But the octopus gets a screaming Vornoff . `` He tampered in God 's domain . '' -LSB- The moral of this story . -RSB- `` Poor Bela '' looks thin and sickly here . Was this the worst lowest-budget movie that you 've ever seen ? I could barely watch it . But movies for drive-in theatres do n't have a finicky audience .
 Ed Wood films can not be described without resorting to pejoratives . `` So bad , it 's funny '' does n't capture the essence of this movie . That speaks volumes , considering the many examples of schlock cinema that is out there in cheesy movie land . Bela Lugosi , regardless of the serious merits of his actor 's work record , has the dubious distinction of starring in some of the lowest of the low budget turkeys of all time . As Varnoff , the crazed scientist , he seeks to create a master race of atomic giants . Bela 's lab/dungeon displays a flat wall that is painted to suggest rock . Note the prominent sink , cabinets , and refrigerator that look as if they emerged from a Good Housekeeping ad of 1955 . Surpassing the absurdities of the set are the platform shoes -LRB- suggesting atomic height -RRB- worn by Bela 's double during the climactic battle with Lobo -LRB- Tor Johnson -RRB- . The inanimate rubber octopus is the stuff of low budget legend . The metal cap with wires attached worn by the victim strapped to the table compliment the ersatz Frankenstein aura of the electrodes and the other hardware . The angora effect is evident . The moderately priced DVD edition has a sharp image , but dark tones abound . The audio is inferior . Considering the silly dialogue , that is n't all bad news . Collectors of vintage cheesy horror flicks need this movie in their library regardless of the challenges . Bela Lugosi fans still ponder his professional decline . From the original Universal Studios Dracula to Ed Wood was a downward spiral of just over 20 years . Proceed at your peril . ; - -RRB-
 I saw this one about 3 years back and it stank !! But do n't let that get you down !! Order it anyway , and you 've got yourself a zany , if unintentional , parody of Universal horror movies !!
 Only a loyal and true `` Ed Head '' will understand why , in thinking about Ed Wood Jr. , the terms `` best '' and `` worst '' quickly become synonymous . But if you 're not already an Ed Head , this is not the movie to make you one . I 'd recommend instead Ed 's debut `` Glen or Glenda '' or his masterpiece `` Plan 9 From Outer Space '' . `` Bride '' is draggy even by Wooden standards . And there 's only one moment of classic Ed Wood dialogue
 Bride of the Monster is the best of Ed Wood 's films . Frankly after watching Scared to Death -- the film truly looks like a masterpiece -- and truth be told it is n't that bad . in fact , it is rather enjoyable . OK I am gon na admit it -- I like it ! If you look past the cheesy octopus -LRB- no worse than the hysterical devil bat -RRB- , the cheap sets and the lame acting -LRB- better than Scared to Death ! -RRB- , if you suspend a little disbelief and realize this movie was made for a song -- then actually it is pretty darned good . One reason for this is that Bela Lugosi gets ample screen time and if Ed Wood was a bit unimaginative he at least knew what it was that made Lugosi a legend and reprises little details from the mad scientific leering of the Devil Bat to the idiosyncratic hand gestures of White Zombie.Bela is given a chance to shine in his final speaking performance and shine he does . The movie has its flaws , but Bela is not one of them . He is old and looks weak , but he carries the movie like a true champion . He makes empty dialog sound meaningful and implausible scenarios seem poignant -LRB- well almost poignant -RRB- . Bela 's `` I have no home '' monolog is beautiful . He could make dialog such as `` I have proven that I am alright ! '' sound good . Lugosi gives his all in his last performance , and it is a great performance , even if he does have to wrestle with a fake octopus .
 This is campy Sci-Fi -LRB- Sci-low ? -RRB- at its best . For real fun however , find the version spoofed on Mystery Science Theater 3000 . Absolutely nothing is lost in the translation , as if there is much to lose , and the add-on commentary is hysterical .
 What a disappointment when I had a chance to watch Tweety 's High-flying Adventure on Cartoon Network last week . I love to watch the original , classic Sylvester & Tweety cartoon during the Looney Tunes hour on this TV station . I am not a kid , but a grown-up who knows the difference between a good and bad quality of most movies . I was totally lost and confuse when viewing Tweety 's High-flying Adventure . This movie was done without much effort and the plot was poor . Do n't waste your time on this video ! There are many great Sylvester & Tweety cartoons to see but not this one .
 This was one of the WORST movies I have ever seen in my ENTIRE life.Maybe if I wanted to get high and kill myself , it 'd be my thing . But I hated it . Absolutely hated it .
 CAUTION : This is NC-17 Equivalent . Uses the F-word continuously and has hard core porn in it . And all this was in the first 7 minutes - I stopped watching after that long .
 Had hoped to use this with students to stimulate discussion about suicide . However , the language used in the film makes it impossible to use in a school setting . It is too bad that the suicide prevention group did n't consider a teen audience and how necessary a resource like this could be .
 As is usually the case , the first dvd in the set was prettygood , but the others were kind of dry . The 2nd one with YulBryner instead of Lee Van Cleef was especially bad . He does n'thave that `` spaghetti western '' charisma that Lee has .
 I 've been wanting to own this set for some time now and I 'm sad to say that I was not impressed at all . The DVD quality for all 3 films is good as far as the picture goes but the sound is mediocre . The first Sabata is OK . Adios Sabata may be a little better but The Return of Sabata was just lame . I like Lee Van Cleef so I guess I had high expectations . I did n't care for many of the same characters making repeated appearances as different people . I watched the 3rd installment last night and I was fighting to stay awake ! If you can find it cheap , get it just to say you own it . Otherwise avoid .
 should have stopped with the first movie . sequels were a sad excuse for movies . very disappointing for a trilogy . almost like the writers could not come up with new ideas .
 I have seen worse films than `` Bride of the Gorilla , '' but few that seem to drag on longer . Raymond Burr actually does a decent job as Barney Chavez , a plantation manager who decides he wants the wife of the plantation owner for himself . In fact the acting is fairly decent all the way around -LRB- especially for this era and genre -RRB- but the plot bogs down in a very slow romance subplot for the majority of the middle thirty minutes of the film.In essence Barney commits murder with a giant poisonous snake , and is subsequently cursed by a witch for his unsavory behavior . The practical upshot of this is that we get to see Raymond Burr transmogrify into a gorilla , though it is mostly seen in reflection shots -LRB- mirrors , lakes , etc. -RRB- Ultimately everyone gets their just rewards , and after what seems like 66 very long minutes , you can try to forget you wasted an hour of your life on this bore.Bottom line
 There are two DVD releases of BRIDE OF THE GORILLA - is there any difference in print quality between them ???
 I did n't enjoy this film as much as I thought I would . I did n't have high expectations for this movie , but I thought with Curt Siodmak and Lon Chaney , Jr. , there would be more entertainment here than there really was ... written and directed by Curt Siodmak , writer of such films as The Wolf Man -LRB- 1941 -RRB- , Frankenstein Meets the Wolf Man -LRB- 1943 -RRB- , and Son of Dracula -LRB- 1943 -RRB- , all three which also starred Lon Chaney , Jr. , come together to bring us this bargain basement entry into the occult horror drama genre that was popular in the late 30 's and 40 's . Bride of the Gorilla starts out with promise , but soon gets mired in too much melodrama for my tastes . The story goes an older plantation owner dies through the actions of one of his hired hands , Barney Chavez -LRB- Raymond Burr -RRB- , as the hired hand covets the man 's younger wife , Dina -LRB- Barbara Peyton -RRB- . Commissioner Taro -LRB- Lon Chaney , Jr. -RRB- investigates , but due to lack of evidence , ca n't bring a case against Barney . Where modern law fails , the law of the jungle takes over as an elderly servant woman , who witnessed the death of her boss , and who is also somewhat of a voodoo witch of sorts , extracts poison from the leaves of a rare plant and secretly feeds it to Barney , causing him to turn into a gorilla at times , mostly during the night.I thought Raymond Burr did alright , when he was n't chewing up the scenery with his sometimes over the top performance , and Barbara Peyton also played her character serviceably well , even thought she seemed a bit dense at times , I supposed due to a love for Barney that I could n't quite fathom , as he was quite the jerk . Lon Cheney , Jr. seemed out of place and miscast as police commissioner Taro , a man of the jungle with a college education who often , through his often-awkward dialogue , struggled with his modern , educated side , and his more primal jungle upbringing . The dialogue was a bit disjointed at some points , and the use of stock footage a bit too liberal , as it really only served to take me out of the story due to the fact it was so obvious . And then there was the gorilla suit ... for the time , I guess it worked , but I could n't help think of it looking like one used in a Three Stooges short . We really did n't get to see it a lot , but when we did , it did n't really convey a sense of danger or suspense , but more of a guy in a fake gorilla suit . I did like the scenery , as it helped achieve the feel of being in the jungle , surrounded and trapped within a living , breathing entity , and Barbara Payton certainly was attractive to look at whenever she appeared on the screen . It 's unfortunate her career was cut short at the age of 39 due to a combination of heart and liver failure , as her personal life spiraled out of control due to abusive relationships and addiction to alcohol . She did manage to put out a tell all biography of her life in 1963 titled , `` I Am Not Ashamed '' that detailed her struggles and misery of her life as a Hollywood screen actress.Mercifully , the movie lasts only 66 minutes , as the end brings about no great surprises . The print here is pretty good , but it does have a number of noticeable flaws as the picture loses a frame here and there . There is a trailer at the very end of the movie , but nothing else in the way of special features . I was n't expecting a masterpiece here by any means , but I was hoping for a little more given all the talent involved.Cookieman108
 This film was one big disappointment . Trading standards ought to be informed regarding the lurid cover art . Not only was Barbara never wearing such a skimpy two piece outfit as shown but even the scene where the gorilla carries her off -LRB- and not a moment too soon I might add -RRB- but could hardly been seen because of the undergrowth and tree branches . There was far too much stock footage of tigers and monkeys and a few snakes -LRB- even killing Barbara s husband off screen -RRB- Then there was Barbara dancing , Barbara sleeping , Barbara getting married ... it just went on and on complete with horrendous love scenes between Burr and Payton talking about their undying love for each other . Where was the action ? well there was nt any !!! Plenty of talk and little else . The whole thing should have been given over to Ed Wood Jr ; then at least we could have had a laugh , maybe Vampira could have flown out of a tree and someone could have dug up Tor Johnson . This 66 minute film seemed to go on for hours and by the end of it I was left wondering who was the real monster in this film , Payton or Burr . Evidently they were both maneaters .
 Yet another film from the Tree Line Sci-Fi package . Being from 1951 , it 's too early to fit into my cinematic quest to see every weird film made in the twenty years before my birth , but I gave it a shot anyway . Here , your honor , is Perry Mason , transmogrified by a jungle witch into a gorilla as punishment for pushing the plantation owner they work for into the path of a posionous snake of some variety . Now I 'll state for the record that the sequences of transformation are not very convincing , but the deceased 's wife is stunningly beautiful , so much so that I stayed awake for the entire movie . Sorry to hear she ended up a toothless hooker . I 'm going to make it a point to read her book , not for any intellectual purpose , but rather so I can bring it up in conversation to make me seem more cultured in Hollywood kitsch that I truly am . Beats wearing a scarf and a pink beret , holding a Cruella DeVille style cigarette holder and pretending to be a -LSB- ... -RSB- Frenchman does n't it ? Oui Oui
 This is someone 's home movie of a trip to Nepal . Keep that in mind before you rent it . It has some cheesy dissolves , wipes , and effects from whatever home video editing software they used , and what little narration there is somewhat thin . Not bad for a home-made vacation film , though . It has a certain raw charm , I suppose , but I ca n't really recommend it .
 I put this movie in my boring pile . I thought it was kind of slow and a little silly for my taste . Was not worth the money of time of purchase . I thought it would be good sense I knew Terrence Howard was in it .
 When their car breaks down in the desert -LRB- not once , but twice -RRB- , Howard and Parker are at the mercy of a racist , crooked mechanic . Add the mechanic 's weird son to the mix , a boy who takes a liking to the couple , and you 've got what could have been a good movie . But it is n't . Howard 's character is much too hostile . He 's no less menacing and racist then the mechanic . Howard is a hothead who ca n't keep his mouth shut , not even when the mechanic clearly has the upper hand , not even when a maniac is holding a gun on him . Howard is always angry about something , shouting , mouthing off inappropriately , while his girlfriend repeatedly tries to talk him down . Over and over . Scene after dreadful scene , it goes on and on . There are countless scenes that stagnate this movie rather than moving the plot along.To make matters worse , SPARK has a slow-witted individual who stutters through every line . It is agonizing waiting for him to say what he wants to say.By the time the movie neared its end , I fast forwarded though the last few chapters . I did n't care who got killed , who escaped , and I did n't know who was more stupid and racist than the next guy.SPARK is a perfect example of why I do n't pay $ 9 or $ 10 to go to the theater anymore . Trailers are deceiving.So are the five-star ratings on Amazon .
 Spark is mediocre at best . No , it would have to upgrade to be mediocre . The main problem is that everything in this movie is based on a cliche or stereotype . Every single part.Take the plot for instance . Nothing was original about this plot . You have a man and woman , Byron and Nina -LRB- Howard and Parker -RRB- from the city who get stuck in some desert/countryside after their car stops . Ooh original ! They get the runaround from the drunken mechanic and they have to stay more than one night . What a surprise . This is like what , a million other movies made ? Was the fact that the film starred black people supposed to make this seem different ? Please . There should always be a reason a movie is made and there absolutely was none judging by this plot.Let 's look at the `` colorful '' characters ! More cliches and stereotypes all over the place!First there 's Mooney -LRB- Brenden Sexton III -RRB- , the poor tortured soul who suffers verbal abuse from his employer while dealing with his mother 's death from his childhood . Mooney is a replica of that pathetic character you just ca n't seem to help but feel sorry for . In other words this is the big wimpy kid that everyone in town has been bullying . Yawn . Can anyone say , cliche?You have Howard 's character which is nothing but a big stereotype . You wonder if some filmmakers have books on how to make minority characters as two-dimensional as possible . Why does the black man have to be so hostile , rude and mean ? Howard 's character was so far out of context it was laughable . The man was n't happy once and it was pathetic . You wonder why anyone , let alone a woman would 've put up with this man . Ridiculous . It 's insulting because this type of character spreads the myth that all black men are harsh and angry all the time . Please . We never got a reason for Byron being so hostile so all you can think to believe is he 's painted this way because he 's black . Insulting.And the stereotypes do n't stop there ! How come every time you have a movie that takes place in a small town you have to have a mentally disabled character ? This is just so stereotypical it 's pitiful . The character had no point ! Then we had the helpful waitress , the distrusting country-cop , the redneck bully and a couple of racist drawings thrown into the mix . Look , everyone in a small town is NOT racist ! I am so sick of films like this that act like small town people are not use to people of different races . There are just as many black people living in small country areas as anyone . It 's insulting for films to keep painting these narrow-minded pictures.Even the dog was a cliche.As for the context of the plot , there was none . This movie was slow as molasses and about as exciting as stubbing your toe . Did anyone even write a script for this movie ? It seemed like the actors were making things up as they go along . The scenes were just thrown together and there was so much wasted time . Why did we have to see all that boring talking between Nina and Byron when they said the same thing all the time ? Their conversations all boiled down to this : Byron
 3 working bank tellers , played by Alicia Silverstone -LRB- Excess Baggage , Clueless -RRB- , Paul Costanzo -LRB- Tv 's Joey , Road Trip -RRB- and Woody Harrelson -LRB- Tv 's Cheers , She Hate Me -RRB- , plan on robbing the bank that they work at . The movie begins on the day that the cops show up at the bank and then we rewind the week back into the 3 tellers lives and we see why they want to rob the bank . So , they all do it and when they get back the boss , played by Joshua Leonard -LRB- The Blair With Project , Deuces Wild -RRB- tells them they 've been robbed from the ATM by some punks and then he brings the 3 tellers in his office to give them a promotion but they all deny it and quit . John Cleese -LRB- Monty Python member , Rat Race -RRB- only had one funny moment in this movie and that 's the scene where he 's checking his dog for a key and he puts a big sushi knife up to the dog but other then that , Cleese is totally wasted . Rachael Leigh Cook -LRB- She 's All That , AntiTrust -RRB- and Jeffrey Tambor -LRB- Hellboy , Tv 's Arrested Development -RRB- also star . The cast try their best to keep the movie funny interesting but the movie is sub-par and not that interesting when it gets to the final frame . The movie is Scorched , just like the title says .
 Scorched has so much potential , with a great cast but it doesnt deliver . The plot involves 3 bank employees train to rob their work . The laughs arent there , and Cleese -LRB- who 's usually funny -RRB- is wasted .
 Rachel Leigh Cook looks hot . Alicia Silverstone looks hot . Neither acts well.Woody Harrelson desecrates his otherwise hilarious comedic record that produced gems like `` White Men Ca n't Jump '' and `` Kingpin '' . John Cleese , oh John Cleese , how could you stoop so low ? From Monty Python to this?With two hotties and two good actors , I really expected much more . Disappointment , oh how you taunt me.Basically this is a movie about three borderline retarded people who are trying to rob the bank in which they work . Each one has an idiotic plan that is slightly more ingenious than eating paste.If it were n't for the lesbian scene between Cook and Silverstone , the one that involves every ingredient from the Waffle Housee smothered , covered , diced , and chopped hash browns , it would be unwatchable . Of course , I just imagined that part to make the movie slightly tolerable.In the end each viewer will eventually feel scorched , as in herpes , and dirty for watching a movie that serves a massive turd in the career punchbowl of all actors involved .
 Please do n't waste your money and buy this movie . I 'm a big fan of Alicia Silverstone . I have all of her movies . Unfortunately , this movie has a bad story line and it is really lame . Please save your money and buy her other movies like True Crime or Clueless.Thanks !
 This was a very boring and slow-moving predictable movie . Nothing stands oy performance wise or plot wise . We have all seen this mishmash before .
 the movie was ok ... i had to purchase it on Woody Harrelson principal . the man can do no wrong ... it is worth a watch
 This looks like a shot-on-video low-budget effort . A young woman gets involved with a drug dealer/murderer who 's sent to prison . She helped him almost escape , resulting in the death of a cop , so she goes into hiding as a club dancer . Eight years later , her past comes back to haunt her.The film is decent enough to merit 3 stars , but I 'm deducting one because of the dreadful DVD.What 's so bad about it?I 'm truly annoyed by DVDs that keep viewers as a CAPTIVE AUDIENCE , forcing them to sit through production credits or FBI warnings , unable to fast forward . It 's an insulting time waster for the audience . But CARLITA 'S SECRET takes it to new levels . The DVD opens with about a minute of production credits and FBI Warnings , followed by a 5 1/2 minute promo short that one is FORCED to watch . No fast foward allowed , nor does the Menu button work . Altogether , over 6 minutes of crap that one must sit through before the film.Then after the film is over , before you can go back to the Menu , you have to sit through the same 5 1/2 promo short YET AGAIN.Hey Maverick Entertainment , there 's a REASON DVD players come with fast forward and Menu buttons . It 's so that WE THE VIEWER can decide what portion of a DVD that we PAID FOR we choose to watch , WHEN we choose to watch it . Instead , every time I want to watch this film , I have to sit through your promo crap.Shame on Maverick Entertainment for stealing the viewer 's time like this.If you get this film , you may want to pop it in the DVD player well before you plan to watch the movie . Pop it in and then get some snacks or whatever so you wo n't be forced to watch the promo crap . That should be a choice , not something DVD distributors force down on a captive audiece .
 I bet Eva Longoria wishes this would stay a ` secret ' ! Sure , the women are hot to look at -LRB- which is why I rented the film -RRB- , but this is like a bad Skinemax film without the nudity . There are steamier scenes on Desperate Housewives . Stay away ... far far away .
 This is a pretty expensive DVD and not a lot of substance to it . My daughter has Moto 1 and 2 and even she said Moto 3 is lacking . Think of saving your money on this one .
 big fan of the show inside the outdoors and thought this was made by the same guys . its not .
 This movie was very slow and I fell asleep . I found that it did not hold my interest and was not very entertaining .
 I had high hopes that this movie would be funny and quite entertaining ... boy was I wrong ! There were brief moments that I may have chuckled and there were moments of excitement when &#34; Joe Manganiello &#34; occasionally would appear throughout the movie , but overall very disappointed .
 Proof that star power is not enough to save a movie this poorly written . I tried to stick it out for an hour but to no avail . Save your money and watch something else !
 Movie rental time expired before I could watch movie . I must not have been keeping good track of time or it expired in error .
 I expected it to be much funnier . Seems like they tried too hard to be funny . Too many characters too .
 seemed funny from commercials , not as funny when watching the movie . Very predictable , and very drawn out . Hated the step mom , pregnancy real for the step mom 's daughter in law . Completely fake for the step mom .
 Seemed to have dragged on forever . Some interesting and humorous pays but mostly trying to stay awake throughou t it .
 The movie had some funny moments but overall it was boring and predictable . If you saw the previews , you already saw the only good parts of the movie .
 only a couple funny lines , if you like chickflicks its just like every other one they are just spitting out of hollywood . mediocre storyline , not worth seeing again . the blond british chick is the best character in the whole movie
 It had a few slow spots and some over the top bad acting . My time would have been better spent watching the weather channel .
 Funny in only few spots , wish they thought a little more about these stories . I think the man in this movie did n't fit .
 This is an okay movie and has a few laughs but nothing to write home about . If you 're bored with nothing else to watch then go for it but , otherwise , I would n't waste my money renting it .
 My wife suggested this movie since we are expecting in February 2013 . We were both disappointed with the plot and the overall production of the film . There were a few funny moments , but they certainly do not warrant the purchase of this movie . If you are even considering watching it , wait until it comes to Prime .
 Another Hollywood movie full of immorality . Motherhood is a beautiful vocation and this film does little to express it 's importance and beauty .
 With the exception of a few funny moments the best parts of this movie could be seen in the films trailers .
 I had maybe one laugh during this movie . I guess if you are a woman it might be mildly entertaining , but for a guy it was a total snooze fest and actually I would have not watched it except for the fact that the wife wanted to .
 When I saw the previews for this movie I was so excited see it , little did I know that the all of the funniest part were shown in the preview . The movie was long and boring and considering the great cast that was in the movie I could not believe how bad it was .
 I bought this movie because I love the actors in it and because I love being able to view the movie on other equipment thanks to the digital copy and ultraviolet . Unfortunately , even though this movie is brand spankin ' new , my copy did not come with the digital copy . So I wrote the vendor requesting to return it because the digital copy was missing . The vendor advised me that they had put a note in the description stating `` no uv included '' This I did not see . He said it was there . I guess the giant words on the dvd box saying `` DVD + DIGITAL COPY + ULTRAVIOLET '' diverted my attention away from the short small and sweet phrase , `` no uv included '' in their description of the product . Now , I know that there are instances when the digital copy is not provided . Usually if it is purchased used or the date on the back of dvd box states the code discontues after a certain date . What 's different even in these instances is that the digital copy is there but just unuseable . In my case there was no digital copy at all . Therefore I will not be getting an exchange , a refund or anything . So I am giving some friendly advice . BUYER BEWARE
 Very slow & boring movie . Had some funny moments but not much . Very disappointed I wasted money buying it . Good actors in it but that 's about it .
 This movie is so poorly written it is almost painful to watch in parts . It cuts between 4 different couples , each either pregnant or adopting a child , and what they go through during their pregnancy/waiting period . The cast is filled with great names , at least for a romantic comedy - Cameron Diaz , Jennifer Lopez , Chris Rock , Elizabeth Banks , and more . But most of their lines feel almost tele-prompted , because the dialogue is written in such a fake-feeling voice . I think part of the problem is that it 's very cliche - it 's like someone made a checklist of every theme you want to hit in a pregnancy-themed movie and made sure each one got into the script . Crazy hormones , check . Husband sympathetic weight-gain , check . Hemorrhoids , check . Doubtful father , check . Then they add in a men 's club starring Chris Rock - I guess to appeal to the guy demographic - and completely waste his comedic talent on stiff dialogue.There is some cute stuff with Cameron Diaz 's character , who is a TV weight-loss coach -LRB- ala The Biggest Loser type thing -RRB- and meets her partner on a Dancing With the Stars copycat show . And the adoption scene is truly moving . But most of the rest , just mediocre to bad , sorry .
 There were some funny moments , but they were all captured in the preview . Do n't waste your time with this movie .
 I was expecting a better movie . First time in years thay i stopped watching a movie 5 mins before the ending .
 I am not a harsh critic usually and knew when I was renting this movie that it was n't going to be a great movie . Still , often movies like this can be fun and something to do when do n't want to be watching a serious movie . This though was not amusing at all and I really did n't laugh at any point during the movie . The entire time I was wondering how much longer until it would end . All in all , you can find a much better movie than this to watch during an afternoon off .
 Waste of time and money . Cameron Diaz needs to find better scripts and an acting coach!I wo n't rent another of her movies again .
 Nothing new . predictable story , unimpressive script , dont waste money on this . If it comes up in prime , watch it to kill time
 What to expect-when you 're expecting -LRB- released May/12 -RRB- tries to be a hip , on the edge and with-it comedy about couples and their journey to having a baby.The film stars the likes of Jennifer Lopez , Dennis Quaid , Chris Rock , Cameron Diaz and others.Truth be told , this film is as boring and unfunny a film I have seen in a long time.If you liked Bridesmaids -LRB- I did n't -RRB- , then you might like this ; and that is a very big might.The story centers around five couples , some married , others not , and their individual stories from just getting pregnant to their ultimate hospital deliveries.Mixed into this is a set of four fathers who wander Central Park -LRB- one is Chris Rock -RRB- , babysitting their children and waxing on about the politically correct manor in which new fatherhood is conducted these days.They have a friend who is a bachelor -LRB- who comes and goes -RRB- and whom they fondle over , left , right and center , because he represents their lost bachelorhood.One young couple accidentally conceive a child but it is lost within the first trimester.Another couple -LRB- Lopez -RRB- goes to Ethiopia to adopt.One woman is an authoress on the magic of giving birth and she goes through the most difficult pregnancy of them all.Another is the very young wife of a race car driver -LRB- Quaid -RRB- and her pregnancy is the easiest of them all.The last lady -LRB- Diaz -RRB- has a weight loss TV show and her pregnancy is not what one would expect of a woman in her shape.The whole moral of the film is that there is nothing written in stone on how pregnancies in general turn out.Each one is an individual journey.And we had to have a 110 minute yawn-fest of a movie like this to tell us that !? And if there is anyone out there who truly believed that Ben Falcone was the son of Dennis Quaid , raise your hands.I thought so , not one.The film is totally uneven , jumping from one story to another.And all the couples of course have to have some discourse running through their relationships.The discourse , of course , will take time to resolve , but in the end all will be well , and it is.And in between it all , let 's play up the moronic and dysfunctional relationship of all the Central Park fathers and make it look like it is all really funny.Oh yes , and do n't forget , let 's really show how extreme the pregnancies can be , but make sure they are not what the audience would expect from each of them.That will give it more punch and hilarity.This is like Hollywood 101 here , but done sooo poorly.I could do a paper on this subject , but the lack of REAL and funny humour , and what passes for so-called humour , in movies these past few years.Jokes are so shallow and real gags are becoming non existent . `` Humour these days seems to have been written by a bunch of frat boys high on something or drunk on anything.I do n't know who is worse ; the ones who write this tripe or the ones who are putting it in their movies THINKING it is funny.This movie , as do many others of their ilk , stand as anathema to what true humour is all about.Technically speaking the film is in its w/s a/r of 2:35:1 and is clear and crisp.Extras include two featurettes , deleted scenes and the trailer.All in all a very big disappointment , involving a good cast with so very little to work with.The majority of the '' humour '' falls flat and the pace and unevenness of it has the film working against itself every second that ticks by .
 This movie is exactly what I expected it to be -LRB- hahahaha -RRB- . It was a cheesy take on the `` process . '' Mildly entertaining and I think my wife liked it .
 I think that Jennifer Lopez ruins every movie she 's in with her terrible acting . It never gets any better . Trust me , do n't waste your time .
 PLEASE FIX THE VIDEO PLAYER AMAZON ... SHITTY PAUSES AND NOT PLAYING CORRECTLY ... HAVE A HIGH VIDEO CARD BUT DOESNT SEEM LIKE IT BECAUSE THE PLAYER REALLY SUCKS . !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I ordered this thinking I was being clever being one of the first in the UK to have the blu ray of this film when it arrived I was so happy I wanted to see it while it was in the cinema put could n't has I was 8 months pregnant and cinema not the most comfortableist place ... I put it in my blu ray player and it told me I could n't watch it due to the region it was an American copy and could n't be played over here . Now I think if that 's the case it should have said somewhere that that copy could n't be watched in the UK . Really not impressed
 I thought this was going to be funny but really its just a reality of living with a pregnant woman . I am living that now no need to pay for it . Plus just wasnt funny
 I love chick flicks but this one was just poorly made . Its not well written . not that clever . not that funny . suprising for such an all start cast .
 The movie was n't as good as I thought it was going to be , but it was enjoyable , some parts where better then others . I guess with such a strong cast I expected the movie to be outstanding , and it was like too many other movies that have been made on same topic . I think also I love Jennifer Lopez , but I think this is her third movie about her having a baby , I do n't think she should have done it , I totally enjoy her , but she just should n't have done another movie like this .
 Sadly with such a stellar line up the movie bombed pretty badly . Even Elizabeth Banks was a disappointment . Small funny parts here and there but the trailer contains most of the comedy in the entire movie .
 The few funny parts of this movie were in the previews . Nothing else in this movie was worth watching . I was expecting more from the actress 's in it .
 This movie had too much going on . This movie was just a movie to pay the stars . It 's like they said hey we want to put you in a movie because you will sell it with being a star than it actually being a good movie . It was a romance , it was about mothers , it was a comedy , it was too many themes going on at once . It was just a movie full of good looking peole being pregnaunt playing parts . I could not finish the whole movie so I ca n't give you a full critique . I would not buy it again and would not suggest it to anyone else . It was depressing and just wrong . I think if they would have had better actors that were every day people you could relate to than the movie would have been better . But all they had was beauty models in the movie and it was n't so good . It skipped from scene to scene . It did not have a plot and it had too many message going on at once . The movie was supposed to be a comedy but I did n't laugh once . I had to give it one star so the review would post bit really this movie should n't even get one star .
 this is one of those &#34; he 's just not that into you &#34; type of movie with various famous actors and storylines going on all at once . bad bad bad . do n't bother
 I would n't bother renting it . it was n't funny or entertaining . I actually stopped the movie then forced myself to watch the rest since I paid for it .
 I 'm not sure that I was expecting a good movie , since this looked so bland and stupid in the trailer , but then again my wife thought it was hilarious when she went to see it in the theaters with her girlfriends and so I gave it a shot . There came a point where I decided I was only finishing it so that I could write a nasty review about it ; it 's that bad.My issue with movies like this is that they come across so un-genuine that they lose any and all credibility . The actors are all atrocious , with not one performance feeling inspired or even remotely authentic and the jokes are a tired list of regurgitated scenarios and one liners that do n't hit but maybe once every thirty minutes . This hodgepodge of baby-related storylines is borderline insulting in the overboard , nonsensical way it paints parenthood and the pursuit of . And please , I beg of you , stop casting Chris Rock in movies . Whoever convinced you that it was a good idea should be fired . He 's not funny anymore . His humor has n't changed since the late 90 's and he is no longer relevant . Forget about him.To spell out the different storylines would take all day , since there are too many of them and they are all sort of carbon copies of each other with fragments of difference to give them seeming life , but basically you have five couples with baby on the brain . Two couples have an accidental pregnancy , two couples are competing throughout their pregnancy and one couple has to adopt . The acting is what ruins a lot of this , with Matthew Morrison mugging his way through every line -LRB- why is he always trying to be ` warm ' and ` seductive ' to the point where he 's creepy ? -RRB- , Quaid falling on his face and the entire list of female performers hamming it up in a way that insults their talent . Oh yeah , and Chris Rock being Chris Rock , complete with outdated rap music to accompany his entrance . But it 's not only the actors . The writing is pathetic . The jokes are expected and the development of character is a mess . Also , miscarriages are not funny so do n't put them in a comedy.At the end of the day , I hated this . It tries to throw way too many ideas out there that it becomes a muddled mess with barely a sliver of anything to tell the storylines apart , other than different faces doing the yelling . Parenthood is a beautiful thing . It is n't always easy , and pregnancy sure is n't a cakewalk -LRB- the wife 's been pregnant three times , all different with their unique set of difficulties -RRB- and yet something about ` What to Expect When You 're Expecting ' feels so false and one-note .
 do not spend money on this movie - it was a major regret . it is not even bad rom-com good
 unfortunately for me this DVD did not work in Australia even though I took particular care in ordering for my region . I have repurchased here recently when it become available
 Why do we produce non fulfilling film work here in the states ? No real romance or real action or drama to come away with after spending two hours bored out of your mind . Cameron Diaz and Jennifer need to grow up now . Same stuff just a different movie . Let 's try for an American version of Downton Abbey and maybe we might all learn something .
 My wife made me watch this horrible movie . Was poorly acted and a complete bore . I dont understand why anyone would want to watch this type of movie .
 They show all the funny stuff in the previews.Don ' t waste your money . It said Gods name in vain and I turned it off . Almost every movie has it now . I am a Christian and its terrible to see a movie waste on language . It was towards the end but not a comedy at all .
 My expectations were not even that high . Too many archaic cliches converging on something that inherently is not funny . I found myself very annoyed at the end of this movie , the only sorta funny parts are in the previews with the dad crew .
 There are too many story lines going on in this movie . I found it boring and annoying to watch . I hoped the superstar cast meant it was going to be good but I was very wrong ! There were moments of comedy that kept md from rating this a meager 1 star but not enough to keep me interested .
 Paid 5 bucks for the HD version . The trailer was not very promising but what 's in a trailer you 'd say . Well , if you 've seen the trailer you have seen the movie .
 Silly movie with nothing new to say . No laughs , no fun . There was so much material available to them that this should have been very good . But it 's not . Skip it .
 This movie was terrible . Granted , I am not the target audience , but as a married 27 year old male , I have to sit through a number of chick flicks and there usually is some redeeming quality , even if I do n't enjoy the whole thing . How they conned the male actors in this movie into participating is SHOCKING ! Yikes . Guys , if your g/f , wife , significant other suggests watching this , quickly suggest nearly any other chick flick , Lifetime movie , Oxygen , it 's all acceptable . Amazon says I have to give at least a star , but really I would put this as a zero star .
 I went into this really wanting to love it , my wife and I just had our first child in January so I thought this might be something funny we can relate too . Think again ! All those funny parts in the previews yup that 's it hardly anything else made us laugh . The 4 main couples seemed really artificial they did n't have any chemistry and felt like they only cast them for star power . The husbands were the stars really but only a few of their parts were funny , Chris Rock is the stand out but that is a given . The other guys were not all that funny and one they tried to tack on an attraction to another guy in the group ? Why not just have a gay couple adopting a baby instead of this that would have made more sense and actually added diversity to the group . The girls were all pretty boring personality wise with the exception of the younger couple -LRB- Anna Kendrick 's character -RRB- not even on the cover . Very strange plot too broken up and no character development . This was a pretty weak attempt from Hollywood to cash in on parenting do n't rent or buy this garbage I wish I had n't .
 This might be the single worst movie I 've ever seen . Admittedly , this is n't my kind of movie anyway ... but I thought that there would at least be a few laughs . I smiled once , do n't waste your money ... or worse , your time .
 What to expect when you 're expecting to watch this movie , its boring , with a couple of laughs , bad acting . Rent/buy another movie .
 I did n't expect much but I think this is the new low for Hollywood . There was one reason I ca n't call the movie boring
 I expected this movie to be funny . It was definitely not . I would not rent this movie again . I also would not recommend it to anyone . Do not buy .
 I spent the first hour of this movie trying to figure out what the plot was . Then quickly realized there was no plot and that writers of this movie thought of a subject , `` pregnancy '' and put together a mish mosh of pointless , poor humored clips and decided hire some poor actors and call it a movie .
 this movie even though it had a good cast was not a winner in my book . . it took a while to get going . . and even then was still all over the place . . the cutest parts were when u seen babies . . my husband and i wont watch it again . . and we certainly wont buy it . .
 this movie is really bad , extremely boring.A few funny parts , not that many though . Some crude language too.I would save yourself the time , skip this movie .
 The cast was great and I got out of it what I thought I would . Nothing bad to say really . Had some good laughs but some of it was predictable .
 Left it after about 30 minutes ... blah ! I was actually timing myself watching it , and wondering if I could make it to the end . Nope , got out . Just so , so .
 It was n't nearly as funny as I 'd hoped . The only believable pregnant one was Elizabeth Banks . The dads were the funniest part of the movie and that 's not saying much . JLo and Cameron were lame & lacked any chemistry or depth . Meh . Skip it unless its free and you 're totally bored .
 Diaz is like Aniston . . plays same role over and over again-getting bored Typical storyline a few laughable moments played out story lines .
 `` What to Expect When You 're Expecting '' takes its title from a popular manual , consulted by millions of soon-to-be parents , that covers every facet of the pregnancy process . The ensemble piece follows the adventures of several couples about to have a baby.TV fitness guru Jules -LRB- Cameron Diaz -RRB- and dance-show star Evan -LRB- Matthew Morrison -RRB- find that their fast-paced celebrity lives do n't stand a chance against the surprise demands of pregnancy . Baby-crazy author and advocate Wendy -LRB- Elizabeth Banks -RRB- gets a taste of her own militant-mom advice when pregnancy hormones ravage her body , while her husband , Gary -LRB- Ben Falcone -RRB- , struggles not to be outdone by his competitive alpha-Dad -LRB- Dennis Quaid -RRB- , who is expecting twins with his much younger trophy wife , Skyler -LRB- Brooklyn Decker -RRB- . Photographer Holly -LRB- Jennifer Lopez -RRB- is prepared to travel the globe to adopt a child , but her husband , Alex -LRB- Rodrigo Santoro -RRB- , is n't so sure , and tries to ease his panic by attending a `` dudes '' support group , where new fathers get to tell it like it really is . And rival food truck chefs Rosie -LRB- Anna Kendrtick -RRB- and Marco 's -LRB- Chance Crawford -RRB- surprise hook-up results in an unexpected quandary.Though each of the characters has a good scene of two , there are far too many charascters to contend with . The movie seems overstuffed and we only get brief glimpses of each couple with little in the way of depth or back story . The film is pleasant enough and the actors nice to look at , but this romantic comedy falls into the realm of predictable syrupiness . This is strictly tepid TV sitcom caliber.Extras on this release , available on both Blu-ray and DVD , include two featurettes and deleted scenes .
 Never again . I really did n't like it at all , it looked funny on the commercial but its not . I shouldve known . Plus the values in the movie are horrible .
 I was n't expecting Academy Award level entertainment or anything , but this one was a disappointment . Just not really funny or even cute enough to call it a good rom com . And it seemed long - maybe due to lack of many laughs . The Dad 's group was the cutest part . Wanted to like it more , but just did n't .
 I was not pleasantly surprised by this movie . I expected it to be at least slightly funny . It is just average .
 Everything funny and cute was already in the previews the rest was boring and this is coming from someone who loved romantic comedies . Too bad !
 Opinion is based soely on the movie content . Actual DVD arrived a great condition and works gret - just did not care for teh movie itself - could have been better !
 I honestly thought i had bought the movie . but no . I got the PREVIEW and i do n't plan on trying to buy movies from Amazon again .
 the reviews were great , but it was on sale . And I thought , why not . Well , now i know why and it was n't even worth the sale price . but i guess at least it was on sale .
 All the funny clips are in the trailer . And the rest is kind of boring . I would n't recommend it . Also , has nothing to do with the book -LRB- but I figured as much beforehand -RRB- .
 I am not even quite sure why this was a movie . Nothing spectacular happened . I 've heard better jokes from people that I do n't even like while I eavesdrop on their conversations in the kitchen break room at work . If you just feel like staring at Cameron Diaz being fit , Jennifer Lopez pretending to be but a humble photographer , Elizabeth Banks be beautiful and radiant as usual and Rebel Wilson not given a chance to be the witty , scene-stealing girl we know her to be -- then by all means rent this piece of cinematic failure .
 Poor dialogue predictable jokes . Given the cast I would have expected a much better show but they can only say what is written for them . I only watched it because nothing else was on .
 This movie is just ok . I rented this movie after reading the book `` What to expect when you are expecting '' , which is well written . This movie is a comedy & about 4 couples having a baby or adopting a baby . Nothing extraordinary . I ca n't give it more than 3 stars . I was disappointed by the movie .
 The movie starts slow and did not hold my attention . If you must see this movie go to Redbox . Its worth a 1.00 if that much ... boring !
 This really is not Diez 's best movie . The whole thing was just poorly put together . . there is too many stories going on at once , and in some movies that works , but in this one it just does n't . With all the different couples and events that are going on the plot is taking away from many of the cute couples that could have had better stories . My opinion - cut a few of the couples and the movie might have actually been good .
 Predictable and reinforces my dislike for JLo and Diaz as actresses . Dennis Quaid , Brooklyn Decker , Elizabeth Banks , and the british girl are funny in it . Sad to see what 's become of Chris Rock .
 If you 're about to take on the one task that you can never really be ready for , no matter what book you read , what do you do ? You talk to people who 've been there . Expert or not , they 'll have advice you can actually relate to.In the beginning of the film , we 're introduced to a cast of characters too numerous to list . Among them , however , are Holly and Alex -LRB- played by Jennifer Lopez and Rodrigo Santoro -RRB- who are beginning the arduous task of adopting a child from abroad after experiencing great difficulty conceiving . Also , we 're shown the final episode of a Dancing with the Stars type of show and as one of the winning contestants , Jules -LRB- played by Cameron Diaz -RRB- becomes nauseous and throws up which , in this film anyway , can only mean one thing . Holly -LRB- Lopez -RRB- is concerned that , even with the wait they have ahead of them , Alex -LRB- Santoro -RRB- wo n't be ready for the challenges of parenting and is n't excited about the prospect . To help him , she sets him up with The Dudes Group , men with children and pregnant wives who tell the truth , offer advice , and commiserate . One of the founding principles of the group is that they do not tell wives or girlfriends what takes place during group meetings . Another , told to us by Gabe , a man who has children already is that they do n't pass judgment . Even as one child , who 's father is played by Chris Rock , welcomes Alex to the group by hitting him with a stick and seems to find an accident around every corner.Now , even as someone who 's never been expecting , the book of the same name was something I 'd heard of before and as a result I would 've known what this movie was about even without seeing the trailer . And , as was the case with He 's Just Not That Into You , another movie based on an eponymous self-help book , there is n't much to see here . The characters themselves are exaggerated and the connections between them strain credibility and imagination . It is n't offensive , though I might feel differently if I had or was going to have children , but it is n't that entertaining either . There are some cheap laughs and shallow dramatic moments , but nothing that funny or insightful . If you are about to have children , skip the movie , read the book . And as someone who is beyond tired of hearing other people say `` the book was much better than the movie '' it pains me to say that .
 I thought this was going to be a really good movie & that I would think it was so funny . I was disappointed by it though . All the funny scenes in the movie I had already watched in the trailers for it . Maybe it 's funnier to someone who is actually pregnant or has been pregnant but to me , it just was n't good .
 I cant get this movie to play so I have not seen it . It just shows its loading but never plays . Grrrr
 Its not that I hate it , the problem is I simply can not play it in my DVD player as it says the DVD has the wrong country code for my DVD player .
 To predictable no surprises and a lot of bitchy women blah blah blah just not worth the rental price really
 if youre a chick you may like itotherwise pretty boring and not recommended.can i get my 3 bucks back ?
 This movie was fine but I ca n't believe there are no captions on these movies . I guess no movies from Amazon have captioned . So my daughter who is deaf can not enjoy this service ! I hope Amazon changes this soon
 Ridiculous and not in a &#34; Bridesmaids &#34; way . The only decent arc is the one with the adoption -LRB- Jennifer Lopez -RRB- . The rest are either typical stereotypes of pregnant women or so far-fetched they do n't even make for a good story . The miscarriage story is awfully done too . Do n't waste your time or money .
 i expected more humor . it was stupid , shallow and quite frankly , boring . Heard good things about it from others but was disappointed .
 Plot never comes together . They were trying too hard to hit all the stereotypes and missed every single one . Strongly recommend that you do n't waste your time or money .
 We actually turned it off about 30 minutes in ... . And we are not those people . Complete waste of time Would n't watch it again
 I wish I had my two hours back . This movie is very stupid . With the cast that it had , I was hoping for more .
 Okay movie , but just `` okay '' at best . What a waste of Chris Rock . Could have been done a lot better . Would not recommend unless there is nothing else on worth watching .
 I had trouble viewing the movie at first and should have just gotten my money back when I called for help . I did n't even finish watching the movie . Too many storylines and was very juvenile . Just a plain terrible movie .
 I 'd have to say that this id the worst movie I 've seen in a long time . Do n't waste your time on this one .
 With the star power listed on this movie you would expect a lot more , a letdown especially in the comedic department . This was a really slow moving uneventful movie ; save your money watch this one on Netflix .
 This is the worst movie I have ever seen . I kept watching it hoping , thinking that the scares were only a scene away , they never came . If you could die from boredom , I would be . Save yourself the pain of death-by-boredom , and pass this one up .
 I guess I 'll start positive , this movie was decently filmed and the acting was acceptable ... okay , I 'm done there at being positive !! This movie was so boring it 's obscene ! I guess it could cater to the fans of the `` Poison Ivy '' genre , but this movie had no horror , no suspense , no thrills ... this movie might have made it as 2 separate stories ; the demented cross-dresser / costume freak ----- and the mentally-unstable student with an attraction to MUCH older men ... but intertwined as one story ; this movie , despite its interesting end , came up dry ... real dry -LRB- interpretation
 Writer/director Ian Merrick 's DEMON WITHIN is full of such gaping plot holes and inconsistent motivations that it ends up being nothing more than a mishmash of derivative horror cliches . Jeff Fahey , usually a sturdy presence in films , is outrageously awful in the role of Matthew Dobie , who has obviously been both a priest and a stage actor of `` great '' renown ? Katie Wright as our heroine , Sarah , seems to be psychic as she manages to create busts of the murder victims . And somewhere out of the clear blue sky , her professor -LRB- Patrick Bauchau -RRB- decides she 's the target of an Incubus . . and his enlightenment comes from a crossword puzzle . Where did he even consider this ? The one good thing is the musical score , which combines techno pop with choral vocals reminiscent of THE OMEN . But , that 's it ... this is coherent , ultimately boring and an ending that comes as a total downer .
 The first 10 or so minutes are hilarious but as soon as it jumps to present day it all falls to crap . Wilson is the best part of The Office but he did n't do anything for this movie.After the few minutes it just becomes one long kiddy movie with bad acting and bad music .
 They are always cheesy with crappy music ... like this one ... but it did have a few funny moments .
 OK , the trailer , movie packaging , etc.does NOT mention anything about the fact this is almost a `` HIGH SCHOOL MUSICAL-esque '' movie ! . . love Rainn Wilson AND his character in this film , HOWEVER its FILLED with cheesy teeny bop rock numbers that quite frankly BLOW ! . . this could have been a much better movie had they gone in a different direction , such as . . oh I dont know . . cutting out the teeny-bopper BS !!! . . IF you are a REAL rocker . . steer clear or you 'll be pissed ! . . I was totally deceived by what I THOUGHT this movie was really going to be !! WHY RAINN WHY !???? . . I KNOW you noticed the cheesyness of it all !!!
 Love me some Rainn Wilson , but this is excruciatingly bad . Literally one of the worst movies I have ever shut off after 45 minutes , up there with `` The Wicker Man '' in terms of filmic disasters . Like the icy winter wind , this blows . What the heck , Dwight , might as well strike while the iron is hot , huh ? Wilson should thank his lucky stars that he is part of a superb sitcom , because this would 've been a career killer otherwise .
 The acting was bad , the story could have worked if the movie was n't filled with stupid fillers like one of the characters waiting around for a pay check , another character sitting around in a closet and making a big deal about a narcoleptic janitor . Much of the movie was filled with stretched out dead moments . Really , never recorded Tupac lyrics on a roll of toilet paper sitting on a shelf in an office , come on .
 Not worth the money . No plot . Just some nonsense . Do n't waste your time or money .
 rent it . If u must see it . I should have kept on walking . Loved the actors but this movie just gave them a little paycheck . I could n't finish this movie at all . I tried then I said why ?
 I wo n't waste your time by attempting to convey the vague plots of these two crummy foreign films except to say that `` Island Monster '' is a smuggling film and has nothing to do with monsters while `` Chamber of Fear '' is witless sci-fi exhibition about a living rock recovered from the bowels of the earth . `` Island Monster '' -LRB- Italian , 1954 -RRB- is in black-and-white , full-screen , and is the `` better '' -LRB- 2 stars -RRB- of this egregious pairing . `` Chamber of Fear '' -LRB- Mexican , 1968 -RRB- is color , letterbox , and one of the worst films I 've ever seen of any genre . Karloff died during the filming -- watching this one may yield a similar effect on the viewer -LRB- chronic depression . -RRB- The title of `` Chamber '' is n't even captioned in English.I 'm a huge fan of older horror and sci-fi genre films and typically award 4 - and 5-stars -- I would be quite remiss in doing so here . The distributor of this DVD -LRB- Retromedia -RRB- lauds these two clunkers as `` rare '' -- let 's all pray that they remain so .
 `` Island Monster '' is probably not what you 're expecting from a Boris Karloff movie of that title . Unfortunately.It was made in Italy for next to nothing , and it shows . The bulk of this looks like a nautical safety film , as about half of the movie is spent on varying boats of diminutive size . It 's almost enough to make you seasick . Karloff is `` The Benefactor , '' a wealthy , respected man about town and drug boss ; more importantly , he is incapable of not looking like Frankenstein 's monster no matter what he does . The worlds worst undercover detective is assigned to get close to a woman suspected of being involved with the plot , though his wife and daughter accompany him on his top secret mission . Amazingly it takes no time before the detective 's cover is blown and his daughter gets kidnapped.I can not recall a more irritating screen presence in the history of film than the child actor with the voice that was apparently dubbed with maximum annoyance in mind
 I 'm currently trying to get through one of the WORST movies I have ever seen !!! This thing smells SO bad , my IBM Think Pad is now a Stink Pad ... ISLAND MONSTER -LRB- 1954 -RRB- is a horrendous piece of Euro-junk starring Boris Karloff . ALL the voices are dubbed , EVEN KARLOFF 'S ! and the people they used for these voiceovers are so laughably bad it 's unbelieveable.I could n't see the keyboard too well just now because I was cringing while some 40-year-old woman tried to imitate a crying 5-year old girl . Karloff has the dazed looks of a fading actor who does n't know why he 's on this Italian movie set . Frankly , I 'm more than halfway into this 90 minute disaster , and I too am questioning why I did n't just give up long ago.Oh Lord , the geriatric kid is talking again ... . feh ! feh ! FEHHHHHHHH !!!! Here 's a sample of dialogue from an adult female : -LRB- overwrought delivery :-RRB- `` If you were a mother you 'd have some idea of how I feel . She 's a poor helpless baby ! We adults are so MERCILESS ... but the crimes we commit on each other are NOTHING AT ALL compared to the crime of keeping a small child from its mother ! Please , listen to me ... . Look at my face ... . look into my eyes ... . you MUST be human ! `` Indeed I am , and as they say , to err is human ... -LRB- goes back to watching the movie ... -RRB-
 CQ , 1969 filmThe story starts in an apartment where a man is taking monochrome home movies in 1969 . -LSB- Did n't they have color then ? -RSB- Then there is a surprise . This is filmed to look very amateurish and unpolished . But this does n't fool anybody . The script sounds like something a student would write . No ending ? No sale ? `` Shut down the production '' says the producer . `` This is the worst . '' This movie seems to get worse as it runs on!There are changes in personnel . They plan a science fiction movie set on the dark side of the moon . `` World Council Headquarters '' plans to hire agent `` Dragonfly '' to capture the secret weapon . The director offers his plans to finish the movie , then start on a vampire movie . -LSB- Was there a market then ? Do they seem clueless ? Its in the script . -RSB- How much longer can you watch this ? Has this work improved with age ? You ca n't know how bad this is until you watch it . -LSB- The title is a radio call to commence a conversation . -RSB-
 As someone who has enjoyed In Like Flint and Barbarella and other movies of the era , I thought this movie would be along the same lines . After watching CQ I found out it could n't have been farther from the truth . The movie within the movie was interesting and would have made the movie more enjoyable if it was done better . The `` Secret Agent '' part of the movie would have made a great `` B '' movie if it was more than just a short portion of the film . However the `` real '' part of the movie left a lot to be desired .
 Having survived the classic science fiction of the 50 's and 60 's im used to seecrappy effects ... but at least they really worked hard at the acting to make theseshoe string movies believable.But today . .2013 ... we get this movie ... Good enough effects ... loved the tripodinvaders ... but the script and associated acting made me sick !!! Its that kind of movie , , , where you have young actresses talking to their phone ... shaky camerawork ... caused your suppose to feel like your there , continuous flowof the swear words ... very bad script ... hey grab guns ... lets survive type of movie.Its been done many time before ... and they all suck.Again ... Hand held cameras ... actresses talking to the camera . . lots of stupidpeople continuously swearing ... and lots of other useless garbage ... So why did i buy it ... 1 . It was in the bargain bin ... hey sometimes you get winners . .2 . I love aliens ... and i really like these ones also .3 . The special effects -LRB- ray guns . . exploding individuals etc. . . were good enough -RRB- 4 . It was ` nt a Asylum Studio movie ... it was Phase v1 ... not as crappy movies . . So i can only recommend to have a view if you can hack it ... for the aliens.Gimme me Battle Los Angeles anytime , instead of this .
 stupid alien movie dont buy or rent very bad movie its not worth the time or money for this movie bad acting and itreminds me of the blur witch project movie it was just sooo badd
 A rehash of other movies but this one was really bad . No name actors who could not act . No plot and poor CGI
 I thought I was getting a half-way descent flick . Both Netflix and Blockbuster gave it 2-1/2 stars . This was a total disappointment ! I would have done better playing tiddly-winks with the neighborhood dog . The sound effects from the aliens were the same as `` War of the Worlds '' . I 've seen better acting at the local first graders after school play in the cafeteria ! TWENTY THUMBS DOWN , DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME !
 It 's the constant white light blinking and flashing that made me look away from the screen each and every time producers used it as a special effect . What kind of cheap , crappy special effect is this ? It is n't even a special effect ! Why on earth would anyone use an annoying blinking screen that does n't let you see what happens in the movie , irritate your eyes , brain and everything else ? It would be okay , if they used it only once or twice but not each and every time they had to show that there is a warfare going on ! The rest is unimportant . Bad acting , bad plot , bad special effects and there is nothing good about the movie . Nothing at all ! Whoever gave the movie a good rating is n't a consumer of the product . Thank you very much for advertising your own product with false reviews but it sucks in every way . Thank you , but no thank you !
 I wish I could say this movie sucks but it is nowhere close to being that good . I could not even finish watching this pile of dog poop . Someone pick it up with the pooper scooper and put it in the thrash .
 Overall , a pretty silly -- not funny -- movie . Even with great actors such as Meg Ryan and William Macy trying to pull it out of the doldrums , it does n't work .
 Pointless , dumb and self-indulgent is my synopsis to something that neither is a story nor contains a plot but does contain a hodgepodge of poorly , reworked comedic scenes found in countless films over the past 80 years . The film goes something like this
 I had high hopes for this movie . After Meg Ryan being off the scene for some some I thought she was better than this movie . It started off with the star wanting to commit sucide and the first five minutes were the worst part of the film - and depressing . The movie had no plot and certainly no substance . There was a LOT of profanity which could have been left out . I thought Hollywood and certainly Meg Ryan could have faired better . Do n't waste your time and money on this one .
 Hollywood apparently has an abiding incestuous interest in its own shallowness , since several movies have been made about the phony baloneys who make too many of the movies . There are , of course , movies that are truly works of art , but they are not all that numerous . `` The Deal '' is not anywere near the top of the line.The story is a mess . William Macy 's character is in the process of killing himself as the movie opens . He is living in squalor and is obviously not successful . But he is interrupted by a nephew with a movie script , which Macy does n't read but decides must be rewritten -- several times . Then his hype begins and soon a movie is being made without much of a script . Disaster follows disaster until it is all one great mess , which I assume is supposed to be amusing.There 's a good cast of Macy , Meg Ryan , Elliot Gould , et al. , but even a good cast ca n't make this amusing to anyone except Hollywood insiders . It 's almost sure to be a yawn for everyone else .
 This is the worst Meg Ryan movie EVER !! Thought she could have made better choices . Really lame . Lot of profanity , ever other word.Don ' t know why it is rated so high . Will think twice about watching Meg again . Do n't wasted your time and money . Would have given this a negative number but not a choice
 ** 1/2Topicality and immediacy are the primary attributes of `` The Situation , '' an otherwise uneven drama based on the real life experiences of an Anglo-American journalist stationed in war-torn Iraq -LRB- the film was actually shot in Morocco -RRB- . Using her own eyewitness observations as inspiration , first-time screenwriter Wendell Steavenson has crafted a tale of intrigue and romance , played out amidst the bloodshed and chaos that have wracked that nation since the war began in March 2003 . The journalist -LRB- named Anna Molyneux in the movie -RRB- travels around the countryside chronicling the numerous atrocities that have arisen as a result of the tensions that exist among the nation 's various sects and parties as well as between the Iraqis and the American forces stationed on their soil . There are any number of shocking , heartbreaking moments scattered throughout the film , moments that illustrate with brilliant clarity the brutal facts of existence in a war-torn setting.As a movie , however , `` The Situation '' often comes across as amateurish and awkward , with many of the actors seemingly not quite up to the task of inhabiting the roles they 've been assigned to play -LRB- although , in all fairness , director Phillip Haas should be forced to shoulder a significant share of the blame for this as well -RRB- . The plotting is frequently stuffed to bursting , with far too many situations and characters vying for attention at any given moment and with romantic subplots gumming up the works unnecessarily . It 's one thing to capture the messiness and confusion of a wartime situation for dramatic and thematic effect ; it 's quite another to confuse the audience through sheer incompetent storytelling.Yet , paradoxically , the scruffy , dog-eared quality of the movie actually enhances the verisimilitude of the piece in a way that a slicker , more polished presentation might not have done . For despite the melodramatic approach the filmmakers sometimes take towards the material , the movie does n't really feel like a `` Hollywood '' production , and that may well be the best thing `` The Situation '' has going for it in the long run .
 Drinking clearly implied -- not just on Robert Pollard 's part -- on the camera man 's and the director 's , too . Includes snippets of shows , music videos . Most are unlabeled , so determining dates and places is difficult . A hot mess .
 I had high hopes for this movie . After Meg Ryan being off the scene for some some I thought she was better than this movie . It started off with the star wanting to commit sucide and the first five minutes were the worst part of the film - and depressing . The movie had no plot and certainly no substance . There was a LOT of profanity which could have been left out . I thought Hollywood and certainly Meg Ryan could have faired better . Do n't waste your time and money on this one .
 Hollywood apparently has an abiding incestuous interest in its own shallowness , since several movies have been made about the phony baloneys who make too many of the movies . There are , of course , movies that are truly works of art , but they are not all that numerous . `` The Deal '' is not anywere near the top of the line.The story is a mess . William Macy 's character is in the process of killing himself as the movie opens . He is living in squalor and is obviously not successful . But he is interrupted by a nephew with a movie script , which Macy does n't read but decides must be rewritten -- several times . Then his hype begins and soon a movie is being made without much of a script . Disaster follows disaster until it is all one great mess , which I assume is supposed to be amusing.There 's a good cast of Macy , Meg Ryan , Elliot Gould , et al. , but even a good cast ca n't make this amusing to anyone except Hollywood insiders . It 's almost sure to be a yawn for everyone else .
 This is the worst Meg Ryan movie EVER !! Thought she could have made better choices . Really lame . Lot of profanity , ever other word.Don ' t know why it is rated so high . Will think twice about watching Meg again . Do n't wasted your time and money . Would have given this a negative number but not a choice
 I wish I could say this movie sucks but it is nowhere close to being that good . I could not even finish watching this pile of dog poop . Someone pick it up with the pooper scooper and put it in the thrash .
 Overall , a pretty silly -- not funny -- movie . Even with great actors such as Meg Ryan and William Macy trying to pull it out of the doldrums , it does n't work .
 Pointless , dumb and self-indulgent is my synopsis to something that neither is a story nor contains a plot but does contain a hodgepodge of poorly , reworked comedic scenes found in countless films over the past 80 years . The film goes something like this
 Say what ? Some one gave this lobsterfest 5 stars ? My _ ss.This starts off right on the money with these two bucks picken up a couple ofhoe 's at the bar and then it slows to a painful crawl.The cast is great but I need more action in my `` Cannibal '' films.Now the man meat joke and a few other inside pokes in the ribs are fun.I think the idea of the story is cool and I am not saying it 's a total waste of timebut by my standard it 's to slow and plodding .
 First things first
 The East Wind DVD is not yet received which was shiped on 28th June 2008 . It 's almost a month . Generally I used to delivered all my previouse order within 10 to 12 days after it was shiped . I do n't know why this time it 's taking so long and the estimate delivery was on 29th July 2008 . Jwngdao Bodosa
 The book is a terrible reflection of fear and ignorance . I would refer people to the TruthAbout TM website that provides an intelliegent response to the value of the TM tecnique , written by Dr. David Orme-Johnson , who has published more than 100 scientific papers on the subject . TM is a technique used by people of every religion around the world without conflict . -LRB- http://www.truthabouttm.org/truth/home/index.cfm -RRB- As far as the money issues , I come from a developing nation where the generoisty of business leaders financed TM being offered for the Mayan Indian Families , and prisons . You do not pay for transcedning but there is a cost for the chair you sit in , and the electricity bill for the building in which the chair is located . Teaching TM is an honorable profession . They pay pastors , educators , and numerous individuals who provide a humanitarian service to others . It is nonsense to not understand that money is needed to exist in our world.The beenfits of TM have been verified by over six million people and scientific research . This book is an expression of a disrespectful and fanatical view . It would be better to provide appreciation to any effort that is focussed on improving society .
 THE THOUSAND EYES OF DR. MABUSE is the last film the great German/American filmmaker Fritz Lang did , on a tight budget for European producer -LRB- and Lang admirer -RRB- Artur Brauner . The film itself is a template for the Eurospy films of the Sixties , as well as a near-classic - but given Sinister Cinema 's treatment , it may as well be a pirated amateur porno ! Either a dupe off of NTSC television or a downloaded video file , the film is an English dub -LRB- with German opening titles -RRB- that sits in the middle of your modern HD screen like an old . AVI file , and is barely watchable . $ 8.99 seems cheap until you get your copy - then paying more than the cost of the blank disc seems too expensive.If you have a Region-Free DVD player or VLC Media Player on your PC , Eureka ! 's Region 2 THE COMPLETE FRITZ LANG MABUSE BOX SET is a far better bet - you not only get THOUSAND EYES ... , but also DR. MABUSE , DER SPIELER and THE TESTAMENT OF DR. MABUSE in handsome transfers with original German soundtracks as well as English dubs and numerous special features . Even at close to $ 50 , it 's worth the cost .
 1,000 EYES OF Dr MABUSE is a B-grade effort compared to the original Dr MABUSE THE GAMBLER . The original from 1921 is a seminal piece of filmmaking that inspired film directors such as Sergi Eisenstein who would make BATTLESHIP POTEMKIN . 1,000 EYES has all the diabolical tricks of the 2 previous films with world domination , hypnotism , mind control , inventive assassinations , facial disguises but seems like a director who was making a compromised film . Still the assassination sequences are well put together in an inventive way . The acting and dialogue is as basic and unconvincing as it gets . The climax with the car chase and shoot-out is the best aspect to film with dodgy performances . The hotel controlled by Dr Mabuse with electronic surveillance was an original idea within itself . My recommendation is to watch the silent original from 1921 , that runs for 270 minutes , which I would rate as one of the top ten greatest films in cinema history , and then watch the decline of a great director with the THE 1,000 EYES OF Dr MABUSE .
 I wish that I had rented this film . It was not at all what I expected and so I was quite disappointed .
 Wow . I made the mistake of getting this movie at a redbox . I wish I had my $ 1.08 and two hours of my life back.I am a huge Ed Harris fan , and I guess someone either did a really good job selling him the script , or he desperately needed a little cash . And by little , I mean LITTLE , since this movie must have had a budget smaller than my kids ' weekly allowance.Ed Harris was the highlight , but the rest of the acting was sub-par compared to your local community theater.I would not reccommend this movie to anyone . Horrible .
 I 'm a big ed Harris fan and this is one of his worst movies ever . In fact , it is one of the worst movies I have ever seen .
 This is definitely a `` B '' , low budget movie . I like Ed Harris and in general I 'd say the acting was pretty good but this is a very poor movie . I was duped into watching it by these ridiculously favorable reviews . In all fairness , I believe two stars is generous . Do n't waste your time with this movie .
 ... and that 's why I bought it . But I 'm sorry , half way through I was just waiting for it to end . Actually the best acting performance in the film was by Ash Adams - and I did not realize he was the director until the movie credits came up at the end . Two of my favorite actors ever , Ed Harris -LSB- `` Jacknife '' -RSB- and Amy Madigan -LSB- `` Twice in a Lifetime '' and `` In the Name of the People '' -RSB- - were wasted in their roles , I feel . However , I do n't think there were good roles for them in this film , and they were n't afforded meaty enough material to make their performances memorable.The prison scenes were not believable . What maximum security prison do you know of where you are able to visit an inmate right in his own cell ? When the dad -LSB- Ed Harris -RSB- and the son -LSB- Brian Presley -RSB- were arguing at the top of their lungs like they were going to fight there was not a corrections officer in sight . The entire movie looked to be thrown together . I realize it was low-budget and there were problems with the production , but the consumer is not required to take any of that into consideration . All we know is that we want to see a great movie . When I saw Ed Harris ' name on the DVD cover I just wanted to check it out . `` Once Fallen '' is not a movie I will watch again .
 Once Fallen -LRB- 2010 -RRB- is the kind of movie you 'd most likely only find at a film festival in the huddled masses of other enthusiasts doing a poor job of time management and filling their schedule with copious amounts of nutrients , beverages , and screenings . You 'd probably first catch Ed Harris -LRB- who needs no introduction -RRB- in the credits followed by Taraji P. Henson -LRB- Hustle & Flow , The Curious Case of Ben.Button -RRB- and Amy Madigan -LRB- Gone Baby Gone -RRB- and consider whether or not to see yet another zombie horror flick or yet another crime drama . You might stumble across the DVD at your local rental place , one copy tucked between an alien space saga and a sketchy rom-com and think to yourself , who is the writer-director behind this film ? - more-At Above the Line : Practical Movie Review -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Released in some places as Murder World , Life Blood is a strange story of two lesbian vampires , made vampires by God - who in this film is a woman.God -LRB- Angela Lindvall -RRB- decides back in the late 60s to make one lesbian - Rhea -LRB- Anya Lahiri -RRB- a vampire to act as God 's tool in taking out bad people . Anya pleads that her gal-pal Brooke -LRB- Sophie Monk -RRB- also be made a vampire too.God says that Brooke does n't have a good heart like Rhea , but decides to make her one , anyway.For some reason the two vampires come out of some kind of cocoon in the present -LRB- so God did n't need them right-away ?? -RRB- . Both stride around the desert in the underwear -LRB- see front cover -RRB- , apparently their dresses did n't make the transition of 40 years!Brooke , the evil vampire starts a small killing spree , and they end up at the strangely named desert gas station - Murder World.Brooke kills a few more people and is finally stopped by Anya.The vampirism is fangless - Brooke simply rips at people 's throats . Anya does n't play vampire on anyone at all . Brooke rescues one young woman from all this , and decides to have her as her companion on her original mission of killing bad guys . BUT we do n't see her make her companion into a vampire.As for the ` lesbianism ' , its simply the two leads kissing on the lips . Even ` God ' kisses Anya on the lips . No one gets their clothes off . This is titilation for young teens , no more . Sophie Monk as Brooke is certainly sultry , but given that she does n't actually have sex with anyone she 's used as nothing more than a tease.Over-all then this film never delivers anything like it should have .
 Also known by the title Murder World , this straight-to-video vampire flick offers a few reasons to make it fairly watchable . Most notably the beautiful English-Australian pop singer/model/actress Sophie Monk -LRB- The Hills Run Red -RRB- . She 's definitely not your average creature of the night.Brooke and Rhea are a nice young lesbian couple that committed an inconceivable murder at a party back in the 60 's . Instead of being punished , God -LRB- a female God btw -RRB- decides to recruit them as her tool for destroying evil . So 40 years later -LRB- I guess God is a great procrastinator -RRB- these ladies are sent back to Earth as blood-sucking vampire zombie angel lesbians . Yee-haw . This twist to the genre does n't make a whole lot of sense , but at least it 's something different . The two fangless femme fatales wander around the desert in their underwear and start a vicious killing spree . There is a touch of humor and some decent gore effects , but nothing special . Plus some people might enjoy the moments of gratuitous nudity from the backup actresses.I do feel like the concept of punishing evildoers was n't developed near enough . The story essentially consists of one lady vampire killing random people while her partner is conflicted with the senseless violence , despite God 's orders . Anyway , this mission did seem to lack any real purpose . Why could n't these sexy bloodsuckers go after terrorists , pedophiles , drug dealers and other scumbags ? There is absolutely no justice in this world.I was surprised by the abrupt ending , which seemed way too rushed . Anyway , this is n't a complete waste . Vampire lovers might wan na take a look .
 THE ONLY THING GOING FOR THIS DVD IS SOPHIE MONK . THE STORY LINE IS WEIRD
 There are people who gave this horrible movie 5 stars ? Seriously ? If you think this movie is worth 5 stars , I 'd recommend you go see `` Idiocracy '' , because you 'll think it 's a documentary about the intellectual rise of 21st century Earth.The main characters are drop-dead gorgeous , but could n't act their way out of a speeding ticket . I saw this movie for free , thank god .
 A complete waste of time . This film has the worst plot ever conceived for a vampire story.I forced myself to sit through it hoping that it would get better towards the end so that I did n't feel I wasted my money on this turd , but it was bad from start to finish.-DAVE GRANT
 Not only was it not what I expected , but it was rather B grade and a bit cheesy . However , if you do n't have anything better to do on a Saturday rainy afternoon , or for an all night movie marathon at home , it 's not a bad flick all said and done.The ending twisted a bit , and I know a lot of have said they liked it , but truth is , for me , it was quite predictable , and perhaps a bit too convenient too . I think that revealing the ulterior motive and the relationship between the two remaining at the end was more for shock value and sales than it was to further the plot , but hey , that 's just an opinion.All in all , it was okay to watch at home when I had nothing better to do , but I 'm glad I did n't pay to see it at a theatre . The casting was not bad , but the acting was horrible . The filming was cheap , and I was mostly disappointed .
 I can not believe this was actually released . This si the worst movie I have seen in a while . There is nothing funny at all in this film , and I love dark comedy . It was dark alright , but no comedy element at all.Steve Zahn is one of my favorite ` loser ' characters , but here he is just a creep . Again no measurable comedic value.Save yourself some disappointment and watch something else .
 Is this Wild Things part two ?!!! ... you have to be kidding me . I have to admit , I actually liked this movie up until the last 10 minutes of it . Having just lost my job , I could relate to Dillon 's character -LRB- David -RRB- and the way he behaves towards the end of the movie . I mean , c'mon ! Who does n't want to piss on the boss 's favorite painting ! The entire movie was believable as we watched David experience the `` perfect bad day '' as Jack puts it . Even the bank robbery was very nicely done . Then , as you wait with anticipation for the movie to deliver the perfect ending , well , that 's when the entire movie falls apart . I mean , it starts putting out one absurd twist after another . As the twists unfold your eyes stay glued to the screen like watching a graphic car accident occur over and over and over . Even as the credits go up the movie continues to destroy any shred of decency that it may have had , and any idea in your mind that this was actually a good movie . In the end , all you want to do is silently take the movie out of the DVD player , get in your car , go back to Blockbuster and return the movie .
 If you like pointless profanity and sexuality , and a great cast in a weak story , I guess this is your film .
 Dark Comedy about Matt Dillon -LRB- CRASH , Drugstore Cowboy -RRB- who gets fired from his job at the bank because his boss says he 's not making his quota and his wife winds up finding out that he 's cheating on him with a woman he works for . Steve Zahn -LRB- subUrbia , Sahara -RRB- plays his friend , who is unemployed but he has fun posing as a coroner , stealing things off of dead bodies in body bags who is a real prick . Dillon goes along the day figuring out that he is still in love with his wife , he tells the woman he 's sleeping with she knows and so on , his buddy Zahn wants Dillon to try to get some . Some parts in this scattershot comedy are funny , but when we come to the end when Dillon tries to stop a bank robbery , it kinda leads into a ridiculous ending . Zahn plays the same charcter here in a lot of movies he 's done ... big surprise ! Dillon keeps this from being a total disaster ... his daydreaming scenes are funny sometimes . Christina Applegate -LRB- Tv 's Married with Children , The Sweetest Thing -RRB- is wasted in a small miscasted role and Dave Foley -LRB- Tv 's News Radio , The Wrong Guy -RRB- has an amusing part as their gay friend . Could of been better , thought it was gon na be better but it wasnt that spectacular ... needed a shot of something here and there .
 Yeeeeech!I am at a loss for words after viewing this piece of refuse . Non existant story line , pointless scenes , a `` Hollywood esque '' plot twist at the end that was just absurd , I mean were the directors trying to make the worse film ever ????? Seriously folks , this one is strictly for bottom feeders . What kills me is that there were actually some decent actors and actresses in this lemon , Steve Zahn in particular . This film can boast some `` A '' List actors , who seem to have made a very bad choice . Do yourself a favor , rent `` Collateral '' , or `` Garden State '' , and skip this dud on your next visit to BlockBuster.By the way , did I mention how bad this film is?Tallyho !
 This movie is a complete joke . It feeds you this half-baked story then at the end it throws in a bunch of plot twists that make half the movie nonsensical.I felt insulted by the writers and actors if they think this kind of crap will float with people.Maybe the worst movie I 've ever endured .
 I saw this movie a couple weeks ago and did n't like it that much . It 's a very dark comedy that I expected would be like Office Space maybe but it just was n't good . Or funny . Sure it had a couple good ones , but mostly I did n't like it.The movie is about a man with the perfect life , a beautiful fiancee and a dream job . And then , he gets fired and everything goes down the drain . A bankrobbery and peeing on a painting as wel as a lot more occur next but the movie just never is really funny . Most of the time , the jokes were really mean and just too dark for me . They were so dark that they were rude and innapropriate . Of course like every comedy , it has some laughs but not enough as most of them just were n't funny and were too dark . I recommend not even renting it because it 's hypocritical of everything and not funny . Oh , and the millions of twists at the end were pointless .
 A one star rating is far too good for this dog of a picture!The premise of the plot was okay , but the execution of it , with numerous flashbacks , flash forwards , imagination/dream sequences make it impossible to follow this thread of a story . The Screen Actors Guild should put every performer listed in the cast on probation until they redeem themselves with a more competent role in a watchable film.The less said about this turkey , the better !
 Steve Zahn is totally hillarious in this film . He might be the only thing good about it . His career choice will floor you .
 A disturbingly amoral movie that tries too hard to be amazingly clever and just winds up being preposterous , totally unbelievable .
 This movie is quite bizarre with a ton of different twists and turns to it . Filmed out of LA , it might have that feel to it yet there was not much meaning I could take out of the movie . Most films shot in Los Angeles I enjoy very much but this one would not make the top of my list of favorites . If you enjoy strange comedy 's then give it a view and see what you think.Peter J. Miller
 This is another instance of an Imax film that does n't transfer well to other media . Shots that may seem awesome on an 8 story screen look pretty routine on a widescreen TV . The documentary is only 40 minutes long or less than you can see every week on PBS Nature , Animal Planet , Discovery , etc. every week and the material is no better . The film spends far too much time showing people and far too little showing dolphins . It is n't worth buying as you wo n't watch it more than once .
 I did n't particularly enjoy this film . It was more about the people studying the dolphins than the actual dolphins .
 Unfortunately , I did n't play the dvd until almost 2 months after i purchased it . But it does n't work . I have a new blueray player and every other dvd/blueray works . I have lost my window to return it . I am very disappointed .
 Like virtually all IMAX movies ; a bloody bore and fit for audiences who simply love to go home and throw something on their big wide screen tv that they do n't have to think about , by gosh by golly !
 Wow , so many 5 star reviews ! An example of a 5 star indie film in my opinion would be the EVIL DEAD , and not COLIN . At 5 stars you really have nowhere else to go as that is the summit . Do we really believe that these two films are on par with each other and that there is little room for improvement ? I think not . Although they have a similar pedigree ; indie/small budget/undead cinema fare , the EVIL DEAD is sooo much better despite its extreme vintage . Also , contrary to many opinions , COLIN is not the first Zombie film to portray events from the undead perspective . There are a number of films that portrayed that at least to some degree . One of them is I , ZOMBIE , -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , though it spent more time detailing the physical and psychological changes that afflicted the hapless victim as he turned . The same Director was also responsible for DEAD CREATURES -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , which told a similar tale of Zombie lifestyle , -LRB- see my review on Amazon -RRB- . COLIN is an extremely tedious and ponderous film . I continually found myself watching the clock as it never seemed to `` jump '' . Where COLIN could have redeemed itself -LRB- in the gore department -RRB- , it also failed . The undead victim in COLIN eventually turned into a half decent stage 3 Zombie , though the pay off was too little and too late . Lots of flaws , like after feeding there was no blood on his face , weird sub plots that did not work well , ... and the camera work stunk . For example , much of the film is under exposed and the action shots feature that irritating hand held filming technique which has been worked to death . All of this made the film fatiguing to watch , while it obscured the gore . Overall the acting was also spotty to say the least , and I did not care for the lead zombie either . On the plus side COLIN is a serious attempt at Horror that featured the classic Romero shambler type zombies . Also , thankfully this was not a `` Zomedy '' , -LRB- which would have totally sunk it -RRB- . There certainly was a stab at making this a decent entry into the Zombie film field , though it comes up short . Stick with the above noted Andrew PARKINSON films , especially I , ZOMBIE -LRB- though it also falls into my marginal category -RRB- . Curiously , the keep case lists COLIN 's run time at 165 minutes though my DVD clocked it at a still bloated 137 minutes . Much of COLIN should have been left on the cutting room floor . Nonetheless , I recognize the effort put into COLIN though there is no escaping the fact that it is a boring , poorly paced , marginal Zombie film . While many apparently disagree , I refuse to bow to the `` Emperor 's New Clothes Syndrome '' and pay undue homage to a film just because of the circumstances that surround its production . As the film maker decided to take the plunge , then take the heat and get on with it . I absolutely agree to give the film maker kudos especially when one considers what he had to work with , but please do not insult the intelligence of the thoughtful film community with all of these maximum ratings . C'mon people , give your head a shake !
 I * had * to rate this something , otherwise it would get a zero.I am a zombie aficionado and the concept of this movie gave me high hopes . I mean , really ... finally something from the zombie 's point of view ? Sounds like a winner to me . Unfortunately it did n't live up to even the lowest of our expectations . We were HIGHLY disappointed in this flick.After this we needed to cleanse our palate with possibly the scariest movie we 've ever seen , so we watched Showgirls .
 I know the crazed teenage zombie fans who love anything that features an undead guy walking will pan this review , but please let me -LRB- and the other negative reviews -RRB- try to convince you that this is a huge waste of time.Admittedly , it was a great premise with some fair acting and make-up , and the stairwell massacre scene is a very good zombie gore sequence -LRB- oh man , that spinal column rip ! -RRB- But at 1 hour 37 minutes `` Colin '' is WAY too long . They could have tied it all up in an hour . I found myself fast-forwarding the last 45 minutes , and all my friends had long left the room ... I guess I 'm just that zombie purist holdout.According to one of the other negative reviewers , this was NOT the first movie to portray the zombie perspective , which surprises me , as this movie was touted as revolutionary . I would NOT spend money on `` Colin '' and I 'm sorry I did .
 This was a large disappointment . . usually the Brits come out with some good zombie flicks like 28 days and 28 weeks . . this to me was a total flop . . I cant think of one saving grace for this movie ... the zombie makeup . . everything was just not up to par . . I had this movie on my wish list along with the `` dead outside '' . . thank goodness I rented them before buying them ... they are nolonger on my wishlist
 I do n't know if the movie is too simple , or is it that the good reviews gave me high expectations , but for me this was just another B Zombie movie .
 What can I say - read my history of reviews if you wan na get an idea of my tastes ... I fell asleep watching this flick about 20 minutes in . Each to their own taste - I guess .
 The basic idea was ok but when it comes down to it zombies have very boring lives.It even would have been watchable if it did n't look like the camera man had Parkinson 's and was being attacked be swarms of bees . This movie was ten times shakier than blair witch project and cloverfield combined . It was completely unwatchable .
 I read the reviews and decided to try COLIN for myself to see what all the hub bub was about . Yep . Big mistake . Interesting premise but the film was just too low budget to get the job done . And how exactly did the survivor group get into a house with a hundred zombies and be stuck in the middle of them ? I knew I was done when the black dude fell and lost his hat during the long drawn out boring struggle with the hundred zombies and he took the time between yelling at the dead to put his hat back on . Got ta always look presentable even during a zombie attack huh ? I stopped it there . And have n't watched another second , and it is now in the garbage . Sorry to those that made this . I 'm sure you were in to it and serious and everything . It just was n't any bit of good , in my opinion .
 One of the most boring movies I have ever tried to force myself to watch . I could n't do it . I started hitting the fast forward button so many times I lost track of what was going on . I finally gave up and took it out of the dvd player . I would try to sell it and get some of my money back , but I do n't want to do that to another person . I 'm just going to throw it away .
 Just a word of warning , the DVD of The Story Lady that Amazon is currently shipping is not the edition advertised . It IS NOT the original Image edition , but instead one from Screen Media Ventures , oh and it 's a DVD-R . The cover is not even remotely close to the one shown on the page , the UPC code is a sticker stuck on the case , and again the back of the case says it 's a DVD-R . Just wanted to make everyone aware before you purchase an inferior DVD-R and have to waste time trying to get a refund . Once Amazon creates a separate listing or stops selling this version as the long out of print Image DVD release , I will delete or modify this review .
 It 's a duplicated -LRB- `` home-made '' -RRB- DVD-R , not a commercial release . The cover looks nothing like what you see on Amazon , and it 's not the high-quality Image Entertainment release . The cover art is an ugly , distorted looking image , and appears to be duplicated on a color copier.The biggest reason you should not buy a DVD-R
 I am a great fan of Risky Business , but this edition is pretty disappointing . The picture quality and sound are fine , but you 'd think with the advent of Blu-Ray and all of its storage capacity , that they could have actually spliced the director 's cut last scene onto the movie ! Instead , you have to watch the scene on its own , so it 's impossible to tell how it really flows with the film.Also , I 'd love to watch the commentary , but I refuse to watch it picture-in-picture , which is really distracting . Once again , where is the option to turn off the picture-in-picture ? I 'd love to buy Blu-Ray , bit it seems that you really need to wait and buy discs that take full advantage of the medium ... otherwise it 's a waste .
 Tom Cruise was about to reach super-stardom by 1983 and `` Risky Business '' along with `` Top Gun '' three years later made him a cinematic icon . Cruise 's parents are going out-of-town and the youngster decides that it is time to take his father 's porsche out for a spin . Of course disaster strikes and now Cruise needs money and needs it fast . An elaborate plan develops to set up a brothel in his home with the help of sexy prostitute Rebecca De Mornay . A very entertaining movie ... has some dated moments but the music , and performances by Cruise and DeMornay make that a non factor .
 The young Tom Cruise stars in this fantasy about a teenager in the Chicago suburbs setting up a temporary brothel in his home when his parents take a few days in Florida . Cruise is fine and gets to do an air guitar dance in his underwear -- but the movie seems awfully dated . Rebecca de Mornay is the young whore with a heart of gold . There 's a cute car chase and a nice scene with Dad 's Porsche going into Lake Michigan but much of the rest is slightly yucky . This movie came out when the big AIDS explosion was taking place -- but you 'd never guess from watching this . Some of the interplay between Cruise and his parents recalls The Graduate but without the bite of that classic . There is also a character called Guido , a mafiosi type who seems like an incredibly gentle gangster to audiences that have become familiar with the brutality of The Sopranos . -LRB- I think the same actor later met a grisly fate in that series -RRB- .
 I think most people who buy/rent this DVD have already seen the movie and know what they 're getting . There are a lot of good reviews on this movie here at amazon.com but I only saw one that mentioned the quality of the DVD . It is absolutely horrible . The companies who produce these dark , grainy DVDs need to know that the consumers are n't going to accept this type of low-quality transfer . I 'd gladly pay a bit more money for a DVD that 's viewable . We know how good movies can look on DVD . So why release a disc that looks as poor as this one ? As consumers we need to demand better ! Just as VHS movies recorded in SLP or EP were unacceptable , so are DVDs that look as bad as this Risky Business disc .
 The transfer is bad . The digital copy has expired by 10/16/09 -LRB- Thank you Warner Bros -RRB- Audio commentary by filmmakers conflicts with feature audio countless times and can not be isolated . Warner Bros is engaging in decietful , misleading and disingenuous tactics to make a profit and wo n't budge on expiration date extension -LRB- but what else is new -RRB- . Why put an expiration on a digital download ? Afraid some of your content might exist online long enough for some devout Risky Business `` hacker '' to acquire the film for free ? -LRB- what a risky venture digital copy thing is . Poor WB -RRB-
 I ended up watching this movie on the TV the other night -LRB- quite late on , so it was n't censored -RRB- , and I 'm so glad I did n't buy the DVD , cos although I managed to sit through the movie , it never really got going for me . It just seemed to plod along at it 's own pace and never really got going . At least for me . I 've heard it compared to -LRB- better -RRB- films like most recently , The Girl Next Door.Tom Cruise did n't really convince that he was playing a teenager , and I ca n't figure out why either . The director tried to make him look more like a teenager , by making him work out 7 days a week in order to lose ten pounds . Once that had been accomplished , he immediately ceased working out and ate extremely fatty foods in order to add a layer of baby fat . This is how he achieved that `` fresh-faced '' teenage look . I 'll agree that he did look fresh faced , but not enough to convince me . I just ca n't put my finger on it.I liked Rebecca De Mornay in The Hand That Rocks The Cradle , and her practically brief appearance in Identity , but in this she was average . And for the guys , she appears briefly full frontal . Has n't she had a bit of work done since then ?! For me , this film was well below average , and not worth watching at all . I 'm so glad I did n't waste the money I did n't have on a DVD . Do n't believe everything you hear .
 I sometimes think that I 'm the only person in the world that hates this film , but I detest it thoroughly . I had no idea what I was in for when I saw it during its theatrical run . One of my main objections is that the film minimizes , if not glamorizes , the impacts of prostitution . Prostitution is a very ugly , exploitative scene in real life , not the lighthearted fun that the film portrays . Not the best moral message , to be sure.Aside from that , the other problem I have is with the characters . EVERYONE is a jerk in this movie . Nobody is appealing or likeable . Not even Cruise 's Joel , who I found to be as much of a self-centered @ # $ % & * / as everyone else . Unfortunately , he followed up by playing the same kind of obnoxious characters -LRB- `` Top Gun '' , `` Days of Thunder '' -RRB- . It took `` Jerry Maguire '' and `` Rain Man '' for me to gain any respect for him.Anyway , the combination of a creepy , amoral theme and obnoxious characters in what is supposed to be a comedy is a total turn-off . Keep the kids away !
 i would n't watch this movie again if you paid me . i luv tom cruise , but geez this movie was horrible . i was falling asleep .
 The story was true and I worked in Biloxi Mississippi during the 1960 's . And it was a turbulent time . The ignorance at that time was wide spread but NOT as total as some would have you believe . The story should have at least covered the FEAR whites had of `` telling the true '' , I was beaten for being a Northerner and for sitting on the wrong `` colored only '' bench at a Greyhound bus depot , I know a degree of fear that has stayed with me . The white minister was not portrayed doing enough to be mentioned in the movie nor was the `` SHAKER '' or whatever he was called . The story line was something that all should remember by both parties but also they should have a grasp on why `` they won '' besides it being something that MUST be done . Martin Luther King and Gandhi knew that getting people on your side and using financial pressure on the oppressors created the social pressure to make it work and stick , not using two wrongs to make a right . The actors performance , for what they were given , was very good , but the Author/playwright and director lacked the emotions to get that gut wrenching feeling in the audience to make them willing to give their all to support the movement . Instead , they chose to portray tarnishing the movement by highlighting the looting and violence . The movie lacked focus and direction and never had the clear drive to success , and what about the charges for the other two white men ? I had to Google to find out .
 One has to give a person like Tim Tyson credit for perseverance . Like the old saying goes
 Do n't buy this used . Neither of my dvd 's could play it because of the scratches . I was very disapointed that I had to send it back .
 This movie was n't at all what I expected . It 's more of a documentary , not a movie with a story line . It was about a study of single christian women and each one of them discussing their problems and/or joys of being single and trying to live a christian life . It was a group discussion , sort of like a therapy session . Not worth the money .
 This documentary is for single older ladies only . Not very interesting ... it just stated the obvious . With the exception of the author , she gave really good advice . I am married but I have had this same conversation with every single woman I know . Everybody knows if you play around in your 20s
 I received this dvd today and had been very excited about watching it . But when i loaded it into my dvd player , it didnt work and came up with a message `` wrong origin `` Can anyone help ? How can i get to watch the dvd , im so unhappy now : -LRB- Ive given it 1 star as i cant view it !!
 HATED IT . I do not buy movies to hear people talk about their life , making a documentary . I thought it was a movie and description did not make that clear .
 from the look of the cover , i was expecting a suspense movie , but its a documentary . very informative though . i would rent it not buy it
 This `` documentary '' was so bad I have now changed my mind about how poorly I think the `` Rocky Mountain Bigfoot '' DVD was , which was very amateurish.If `` negative '' stars were available , I would have rated `` The Wildman of Kentucky '' accordingly . SAVE YOUR MONEY !!! If you 're used to History Channel-produced documentaries like MonsterQuest , forget about it . This documentary was not professionally-written . Very biased . It had the feel of a home movie . And it 's way too long at two hours . They could have summed this up in five minutes.It starts off with this absolutely annoying rock music , which already told me I was in for a less than scientific approach to the Bigfoot subject . But the rock music just kept coming back . It was played over the people speaking making it difficult to hear what was being said . Then I realized what was being said was n't that important anyway.Then there 's the histerical use of computer game-style graphics ! The producers could n't afford to conduct re-enactments so about one-quarter of the documentary is comprised of these rediculous graphics that make me feel as though I need to pick up my Xbox 360 controller and start shooting at the Bigfoot .95 % of the info presented has not only been rehashed countless times in other bigfoot books and documentaries , but the info was presented in such a sweeping manner that it had little impact or purpose in the overall documentary . The first 15 to 20 minutes has nothing to do with Kentucky.Another warning
 The guy in front me nailed it . Poorly done graphics ... looks like a student from a high school or college animation program put this together , which is a great way to grow , but a compelling doc it does not make . Music is absolutely horrible . Also there 's 5 minute production tag at the beginning which is pointless . The whole first section of the film feels like one of those tedious filmstrips we used to watch in elementary school full of info we 've all heard before -LRB- give me something new -RRB- . Realize who your audience is ... it 's going to be people interesting in cryptozoology , so you do n't have to tell us the history . It 's a shame because there is probably a good story buried in there somewhere . When I listened to the book author on Coast To Coast AM , he was compelling , a great story teller and passionate . This video has none of those aspects . I think if you could partner him up with someone who knows how to put together a compelling doc there would be something worth watching . This however , is n't it.It kind of reminds me of the SNL Digital Short `` Sloths '' - but two hours longer and not funny .
 WASTE OF MONEY & TIME ,2 SO CALLED SEARCHES SHOWED NIGHT VISION IMAGES OF 4 `` INVESTIGATORS IN THE WOODS '' CLAIMING TO HEAR/FEEL A PRESCENCE . CAMERA WAS AIMED AT THE 4 ALMOST 99 % OF THE TIME , THEN THEY SAT IN A MOTEL ROOM TALKING ABOUT THEIR EXPERIENCE . W A S T E O F M O N E Y. CAN I HAVE A REFUND ????????
 A real waste of my time and money ... do n't bother with this grade F movie ... why not watch Harry and the Hendersons instead !
 A series of gruesome murders are rocking the city of Boston . The latest to die is a prostitute . The next morning , Dr. Jekyll -LRB- Dougray Scott -RRB- wakes up with blood on his hands . That puts him in a panic , and he quickly returns home to his basement lab to work on some experiments.But when things do n't get better , Dr. Jekyll decides to turn himself in . Going to his old friend Gabe Utterson -LRB- Tom Skerritt -RRB- , he hires pretty lawyer Claire Wheaton -LRB- Krista Bridges -RRB- to help him quickly wave his trial and appeals so he can turn himself in and then be given the death sentence . Why ? Because he is responsible for the crimes . Almost.Dr . Jekyll , it turns out , has been experimenting with the extract of a rare Amazon flower , rumor to be able to separate the good from a bad in a person . And it has sort of worked . Jekyll has created Edward Hyde -LRB- also Dougray Scott -RRB- , and evil person responsible for the murders . Since there seems to be no antidote in sight , Jekyll figures the only way to stop the monster is to die himself . Will Claire go along with the plan ? Is there a cure ? Can Hyde be stopped?I seem to have become more forgiving of literary adaptations , not expecting them to stick to the source page for page . Still , the closer a book is to my heart , the harder time I have letting go . I love the novella that is the inspiration for this story . As a result , I find this movie pretty bad.Most of the problem is that the movie strips the book of its power . The original story is a tragedy and morality tale about allowing evil into our lives . While that is still here , it is n't nearly as prominent , instead becoming a courtroom drama.Even letting the book go , I find the movie hard to enjoy . It 's very slow . I could n't find the character 's actions very believable . I hated the `` surprise '' ending . And the performances are only acceptable.Other than that , I liked it.The idea of filming the story in a modern setting could certainly work , but this is n't the film to do it . Skip it and read the original novella instead . It 's a much better use of your time and wo n't take that much longer .
 The film opens at night on a big city . -LSB- Boston ? -RSB- A prostitute meets a customer who wants a lot from her . The next morning the man returns to his mansion and laboratory . His experiment is n't working . Dr. Jekyll works in a big hospital . Brutal murders are being committed in the city by a monster . Dr. Jekyll visits a lawyer to confess his crimes , but she does n't believe him . People who confess to horrible crimes are usually innocent . Dr. Jekyll has a near accident in the street . Back at the hospital a survivor of a brutal attack dies . The lawyer visits Dr. Jekyll 's mansion and snoops.Dr . Jekyll wonders how one person can have both good and bad thoughts . He found a rare South American flower in the Amazon that had psycho-tropic effects . He experimented on himself . Theme music gives a clue to the split personality of Mr. Edward Hyde . This dark side keeps taking over . His lawyer suggests a voluntary commitment to a hospital . But Hyde escapes ! The police arrest Dr. Jekyll . Will the antidote cure him ? His lawyer tries to defend him by finding the Mr. Hyde who is the real killer . Will the jury believe this ? Will there be a happy ending?I understand the economics of a modern dress version to cut down on expenses . But the story is inferior to the original , and the cast is too small as well . When the copyrights expire other writers can use the characters in their stories . But they are rarely equal to the original . If they had the talents they would create original stories , not a modified version . The original story was about a kind physician who became a devil after drinking a potion . It seemed like an argument for Prohibition . Or could it be a symbol for a cyclical economy ?
 I was sorely disappointed with this film . Stockard Channing is supposed to be a newly-promoted CEO , and Julia Stiles is a young assistant with the firm . While working together in the same city , giving various presentations on behalf of the firm , they end up getting to know each other while staying in the same hotel . Stockard invites Julia to her room for drinks , where she learns that a headhunter she had been using -LRB- and who is also staying at the same hotel -RRB- , raped a friend of Julia 's a few years back . Julia supposedly gets Stockard to try and kill the headhunter , but he ends up surviving . It was a completely implausible scenario ... . a CEO befriending a young assistant of the firm virtually overnight , drinking in front of her , and then allowing herself to be swayed to kill someone . Not only that , but how often have we already seen films of women taking things into their own hands , and venging the rape of another woman ? It was total garbage !
 I did n't understand this movie . It started out real slow and never picked up . I do NOT recomend this movie to anyone . It moved from scene to scene with out a strong plot or story line . Although some people may like this type of movie I did not and would strongly recomend not even bothering watching this movie . Anyway , Have a nice day ! BYE !
 SPOILERS AHOY!Disregard the glowing review blurbs.Despite some good -LRB- if misdirected -RRB- acting from Stockard Channing , this unbelievable , mean-spirited and coincident-driven mess about a career barracuda -LRB- Channing -RRB- who joins forces with a young assistant -LRB- Julia Stiles -RRB- to kidnap and sexually torment an oily young businessman they both have a grudge against is a third-rate sisterhood-bonding mess that looks like a justly forgotten Off Off Broadway play , sorta a fem-lib Mamet opus.Begins intriguingly but Stiles ' character inexplicably degenerates from a hard-working young woman into a junior-grade Fatal Attraction-type psycho who inexplicably draws Channing into her sick plot . Suffice to say that despite dubious nature of their victim 's `` crime '' -LRB- turns out he may or may not have been involved in a long ago sexual assault -RRB- , Channing 's character 's participation in this near-murder causes her to take this young sociopath under her wing , prompting her to re-examine her whole shallow power-suited lifestyle . Yawn.Channing was far more believable playing 30-year-old high school senior in Grease . Here , she 's just a mid Fifty-something mired in Gunk .
 I went into this expecting a sort of cerebral/psychological thriller ... but my expectations were way too high . This movie has two big `` surprise twists '' toward the end and both of them are so totally obvious and predictable that I was amazed when they were `` revealed '' as surprises . . I 'd assumed that the writer and director expected these things to be obvious.Example
 Very predictable with lame screenplay . Disappointing film for such fine actresses . Would NEVER recommend . Just awful , in spite of the cast . Vendor did a great job on getting the product , as promised , to me . Would recommend the vendor , not the film .
 I enjoy films that can stand on their own two feet . Films that are unique , unparalleled to others within the same genre . While watching `` Business of Strangers '' a decently acted film boasting the powerhouse of Stockard Channing and Julia Stiles , I began to see that this film was just a continuation of several other films of the same vein placed together with one dramatic change , the choice of women as protagonists . Now , I am not saying that there is anything wrong with this change ; I personally think that Stockard Channing is a force to be reckoned with , while Stiles continues to try to find her true inner talent , but I do have a problem with a blatant `` cut-and-past '' work coming from ideas that could genuinely be creative . Hear me out on this first , did anyone else - while watching this film , want to revisit a little gem called `` Tape '' ? Or , bear with me on this one , I had a huge impulse to re-watch the film `` Company of Men '' after this one because there was that exact same sort of broodiness , anti-gender message lit throughout both . Maybe I am seeing these three films in an obscure light , but the similarities seemed unquenched.With that said , how did I feel about this film ? My first thought dealt with the randomness of the character interaction . The fearfulness of Channing 's Julie Styron seemed unprecedented , and when we witnessed her with clients , the decision to take her forward was laughable . Was she as good as she seemed , or was she just playing the corporate field to better her advantage ? The other question that came to mind was her coincidental neurosis dealing with the sporadic meeting with her boss . There was nothing , outside of moving the plot forward , which would have indicated these sudden laps of shame in her profession . The drop-in of Julia Styles suddenly meeting in the same business setting -LRB- having never met before -RRB- , missing a plane together , and coincidentally ending up at the same bar sharing drinks and eventually inner secrets , just flabbergasted me . Why would these two ever meet up in a typical setting ? While I do n't want to think that this was just a film about the imagination of Channing , it did make you question and use the word `` why '' . Typically I like this mind-boggling element in films , but in `` Business of Strangers '' , it just did n't work . There was no `` tell '' in this film , and that tugged at me the wrong way in this film . The eerie patience that was demanded of the viewer left us with no moment of satisfaction . There was quite a bit of wait , but no payoff at the end . On one hand we have a very self-centered woman , career bent , but possibly not happy with her choices , and yet on the other we have a care-free young lady , experimental in nature , ready to change the world one person at a time . It seemed too forced , too stereotypical - too manipulative . I needed more similarities ; I needed more shock to really bring these two strangers together . This tried to be a darker rendition of `` The Odd Couple '' with drinking , rape , and random revenge . Force enough onto a character -LRB- or characters -RRB- , the audience begins to believe that it is a Hollywood feature , and you meaning imperatively finds itself lost in the trenches.Let 's move forward . Acting . In `` Business of Strangers '' it was n't bad , but it was n't the greatest that I have seen of Stiles or Channing . Their chemistry was decent , but it did n't compare to that of those characters in `` Tape '' or `` Company of Men '' . This was obviously a stage film , meaning that it was a small play that had the unique opportunity to see the other side of a film camera . It was a boring premise , which is one reason I feel so fooled by this film , which was followed up by my second pet peeve of this film , it never tackled any real issues . Who were these two characters that we so dutifully were thrust into their lives ? What makes them tick ? What is their past ? What is their future ? Most importantly , at least with this film , what makes them connect ? Unlike other films brought from the stage , `` Business of Strangers '' answers none of the above . Perhaps it is my male view on a very personal female film , but this was released to general audiences , so the appeal had to be broad . It was not emotional , it was not sad , nor was it victorious at the end . While I do not think rape is a minute problem in America , I do feel that I needed more with Channing and Stiles . Was she lying about the incident ? Was she just trying to get Channing to release something from within ? I wanted answers , I was pining inside for them , but the never arrived . Unlike `` Shape of Things '' -LRB- another film that I feel fits within the genre -RRB- , there was just something missing . It was as if a big chunk of the film was misplaced . Fred Weller did a decent job , but his motive was missing . That , my friends , is the biggest element forgotten in this film . Motive.Director Patrick Stettner did his job by bringing the characters together in , albeit , random events . He set the stage with surprisingly the darkest of corners and hidden hotel rooms . There was even a moment of unneeded tension in a scene -LRB- while I felt it was n't needed -RRB- that was done with some bit of grace , but he continued to forget the element mentioned above ... motive . There was no reason to answer the question `` why '' , when our characters were taking unmotivated photographs , when they were about to commit murder , or when they were talking to each other like they had known each other for years . There was no reason for director Stettner to get us from point A to point B , so in my opinion , he moved the action along through a series for unconnected points . Sure , the acting was meaty , but the words that they spoke merely were attached to a script which eventually had to have and ending . For a little over and hour , I watched good actors read through a bad script . Again , if there was more creativity in the motion of Stettner 's work , then maybe I would have felt better by the ending , but I was n't sitting on the edge of my seat , the characters did n't have me questioning the validity of my own life , nor was I ready to gush Niagara Falls over the body of work . By the end , I felt bland , as if I just watched a feminist remake of `` In the Company of Men '' or `` Tape '' . Overall , I wish I could say that I can suggest this film , but I can not . The acting , with enough said above , you should realize that these are two great actors working through an abominable script . The story was pieced together probably overnight without much thought going into the entire process . It was dark , but the tones were miscommunicated as we tried to grapple with the idea that these two people had never met before but spoke as if they were best friends . Coupled with dialog that would make kindergarteners chuckle , `` Business of Strangers '' was a film packed with missed possibilities . If you are looking for either a redemption film or a film about coping with your tough job , may I suggest anything outside of this film . Mamet 's vision of business is phenomenal , while I repeat more about Linklater 's `` Tape '' , will show you how a concept , done correctly , makes for a powerful film.Grade
 Seeing the relatively high rating , I thought of giving it a try . To say I was disappointed would be an understatement . There is n't really much development of any character or relationships . They are stuck right from the beginning with little explanation for viewers to go on . May be there is some at the end but I would n't know since I finally ran out of patience after almost an hour and stopped it .
 Where do I start ? Poor character development . . Poor story . . Poor pacing . . This film was so poor I think roaches poured out of my PC whilst viewing . . Do n't waste your time on this absolute dreck . . If you want to know the story * SPOILER ALERT * here goes . . Creepy stalker guy seeks frigid shut-in , must have father introduced in third act with nothing to go on and hope the audience forms it 's own conclusion . . The end . .
 It really was a bunch of nothing . I want the 83 minutes of my life back . The 4 and 5 star ratings must have come from the psychopathetic women resembling the leading lady . I ca n't believe that I watched this to the end .
 The characters in this movie really are n't very likable , and the male lead comes across as creepy more than anything else . It tries to be clever and edgey , and the whole thing just falls flat.The direction , writing , and acting are all pretty horrible .
 We ejected this movie after 30 minutes when we first tried to watch it.Then we saw the mostly favorable reviews here on AMAZON.comSo we tried to watch it again.We lasted until about 60 minutes the second time trying to watch it and finally gave up.I think my wife 's exact words were ... `` OK , enough already . You have to put something else in to watch . This is stupid and I do n't care what happens to these losers '' .
 This looked interesting so I took a chance on Jason and Marianna . It 's characters are quirky , I 'll give it that , but there just is not alot going on . Maybe I wanted to get further along in the relationship , or lack thereof . Maybe I just wanted to see something like the cover implied . Maybe I just could n't relate to the characters , but it just did n't move me . The lameness of chasing this woman seems obvious.Anyway , I may just be biased as I paid the full 20 bucks for the movie . It 's morelike a 5 dollar discount bin movie . Or a two dollar weekday rental to relieveboredom.I 'm sure Ritter and Plaka got a nice dinner out of my expense . But I think I 'd like my money and time back .
 This movie was just bad . You dont need much more of a review past that .
 The title , cover image and description set the wrong tone for this film . I came across this on Netflix streaming and thought it would be a cute , funny indie movie going by all that . However , it 's not cute and it 's not funny . I have no idea why this says it 's a comedy , and the romance aspect of it involves this guy basically stalking an extremely quiet and clearly disturbed woman , staring at her through open blinds while she watches her soft porn , lying to her to get her to allow him to sleep in her apartment , and then she treats him bizarrely and terribly for most of the rest of the movie while he insists upon trying to make her love him . Towards the end of the movie , the guy tells the girl he loves her , and all I could think was `` Why ? '' I myself am a quiet introvert , and I like a lot of weird little indie movies , but this did n't resonate with me at all .
 I really did not enjoy this movie . It WAS creepy and strange and really did n't make sense . The ending was horrible . The whole movie just annoyed me .
 Regrettable . A waste of 45 minutes -LRB- that 's all I could take before I turned it off -RRB- . A ridiculous premise and characters that no one will care about . If it was n't free , I 'd want my money back .
 Worthless movie . Even watching for it for free was n't worth it . The relationship was so unappealing that I kept waiting for her to go ballistic and beat the crap out of him for him stalking her . That would have been more interesting .
 Terrible film . no emotions . no narrative . the main female lead is disturbing and twisted . the film does n't cumulate into a cohesive story .
 Both have problems . I hope no one goes to the extreme that he did to find a lover.There is no way I would date a mental case chick like she is . She really has issues . But so does he . From boarder line stalking to living in a car for over six months . Uh ... . yeah ... I 'm not sure if this was a love film or a freak show . I doubt I could watch it again and I am super happy non of my relationships ended up like that ! This is not something I 'd want to see again .
 To me this movie was boring-sure not worth buying-which I did before previewing it , lesson learned , I will in the future preview first , , , sally
 ... but I found it really frustrating . And , the use of the porn element to try and give it some shock value was so contrived , it was offensive . Given her background , I found it completely implausible that she 'd allow Ritter 's character into her life in any way . Finally , there were so many better ways they could have found to put these two people together , and the manipulation to hide her background was equally clunky and overly manipulated . Some good bones were there , they just could n't make the whole thing payoff . It 's a shame .
 this movie is a waste of time I have nothing complimentary to say about this movie not the least entertaining
 Who writes this stuff ? In todays world the guy would have been accused of being a stalker and the girl was completely psycho and yet he still put up with her . Not likely .
 a waste of time I stopped watching it before it finished . it was obviously a very cheap productionpoorly written and poorly acted
 This is a very strange movie . It is an Independent film shot on a very small budget , the characters are ultra quirky marginals , and there 's a sense of wonder if the two will actually get together or not , and what is really wrong with the ` woman ' , why ca n't she be in love ? But then the whole thing has this strange porn thread that runs throughout the film . And the ending is just plain flat out painful with Tom Arnold as the creep out father of the century . Tom Arnold has now hit a home run in the creep category.The director , writer , and lead female is Marianna Palka . Jason Ritter -LRB- John Ritter 's son -RRB- is the lead male actor . The film meanders back and forth between Marianna 's apartment , the video store where Jason works , and Jason 's car where he lives . In the opening montage , Marianna walks into the video store and goes sheepishly over to the erotica film section . She quickly chooses four movies . Jason tries to convince her that one choice was a bad one , and she should not take that movie . He leaves off renting her the fourth movie , she leaves with the three films . Jason then stalks her at her apartment building.The film is claustraphobic , the apartment is small , Jason over stays his welcome , the two end up just too close to eachother , the car where he sleeps is tiny . The only place that is somewhat open is the video store . Both of these characters have strange habits . She wears baggies over her hands to open the DVD 's , she hates to have her hair washed , she collects trash in her apartment , and likes to act out forcing herself on Jason . Jason likes to tell people what movies to watch , he has a regular job but ca n't afford a place to live , he is creepy about peeking through windows and shower curtains , and following Marianna around.I had a very hard time believing these two characters . It was as if the director / screen writer was trying so hard to make them both seem strange , like outcasts , outsiders ; but yet they were both somehow brilliant and deeply misunderstood . And then there was this annoying constant reference to pornography and Marianna 's distaste for genitals , male and female . The fact that the two of them are attracted to eachother , well that was reasonable.Technically , there were some problems . The audio was absolutely awful , the music was way overboosted and the dialog was poorly recorded . This is a film that relys heavily on dialog to build the craziness of the two characters , sadly the dialog was frequently muddy . This was a simple shoot , very few locations or sets ; the video store , the car , the apartment complex entrance , and the apartment . The director did not use framing to her advantage at all , Marianne changes fairly dramatically in this story ; but yet she ends up in random frame positions . There were many jump cuts that were too abrupt . Moments where incredible detail and slow paced filming , butted up against a jump cut to a much later time . The film had a hard time developing a decent rhythm . One moment the camera is in the apartment , the next in Jason 's car the next morning.The DVD includes a few trailers , oddly Confessions of a Porn Addict trailer is included . A gag reel that has the poorest sound recording I 've ever heard . This is a not so funny 10 minute reel.At One hour and 25 minutes , the movie is a bit long . The ending beats a dead horse a bit too hard . The film is definately R rated and not at all for younger viewers . Oddly , there is virtually no nudity in the film . Everything that makes this film R is verbal.It just seemed to me that Marianna Palka tried to do too much with this film ; write , direct , star in , and over play a not so bad love story . Just not a very well made film .
 this was of the wiredest , crazyest movi i ever saw i guess there are people messed up as bad as those people were but unless your a phychiatrist there 's never a reason to write about it , there was certainly no reason to do a movie about it , yep hated it .
 The plot is far beyond believable even for a hopeless romantic , the development is terrible and the acting is amateur . Other than that it is a great movie . Anyone giving this above a one star was smoking some strong stuff at the time .
 Having some spare time and also $ 1.99 I decided to watch `` The Honeytrap . '' The description of the movie was just vague enough to sound like this movie had the potential to be a good thriller . What I watched instead was a movie that never quite seemed to materialize even though the plot had legs to run on . Instead it decided to crawl.The title of the movie refers to an often used ploy to discover if a spouse or significant other is cheating . An attractive person is hired , usually through a detective agency , to try to seduce the suspected cheater . In this case a woman named Catherine -LRB- Emily Lloyd -RRB- believes her fiance is cheating on her as he never seems to be home at night . Catherine 's character is never fleshed out . In fact she 's not particularly likable . She is cold and often dstant and does n't garner sympathy as a woman who 's being cheated on . She seems to have only one friend , a woman named Renee who always dresses in black . Renee says she 's married , but we never see her husband . In fact Renee sames to always be going out to singles ' events . Renee appears to have had a relationship in the past with Catherine 's fiance , but that part of the story just never develops . One thing we do know about Catherine is that she is a woman with a troubled past.The imagery surrounding Catherine is always bleak . Early in the film she moves into her fiance 's -LRB- Jonathan -RRB- posh apartment which basically is empty . There are frequent shots of her wedding dress which is on display in the living room . However , the dress always appears to be ghostlike in appearance ; empty with no substance to it , just like Catherine herself . It seems like the director was not sure how to bring all these pieces to life . In fact much of the time the viewer gets the feeling that Catherine may be having a dream.Eventually the honeytrap is sprung and the conclusion is that her fiance is a standup guy . The two get married though we ca n't figure out why . At the wedding Catherine looks like she 's been told that she has only a month to live . This is the point where I wish the movie had ended . However , there was still more to come . I 'm not going to put in a spoiler here about how the movie ends . Thankfully I 'm only out $ 1.99 .
 Please be careful with this DVD . For one , it is a DVD-R , not a silver `` pressed '' DVD . I had trouble playing it , and it only worked in the 3rd player I tried.Secondly , the movie is widescreen but is letterboxed in a 4:3 frame -LRB- i.e. not anamorphic -RRB- meaning that the movie only uses about half the available DVD resolution.The company concerned is `` Filmhouse '' who must presumably be a back-room type of setup .
 Same old prolonged intro of helicopter camera view of car driving along country road . Same old `` no cell phone reception '' used in a hundred similar movies and to which there is actually a website devoted to that unlikely cheap hook.Same old formula -LRB- and really poorly - acted , written and every other possible cinematic category imaginable -RRB- story of of slightly mentally not-quite-there family that captures a couple of travelers for a bit of torturous fun . You see nothing except a little post event red food color corn syrup as fake blood.Specifically , young woman -LRB- as usual -RRB- parks a block from a semi-remote river to deposit dad 's ashes . A not believable encounter with a guy walking by and a not believable scene where she walks back up the river bank to the parking area to find her car is not there . The usual sequence of `` you 've got to be kidding me '' poor decisions that only appear in really bad movies now occupy the rest of the movie . These movies almost always end in one of two ways so ff and avoid yawning .
 For whatever reason , some horror films just do n't ` gel ' with me . Generally , it 's pretty easy to find a respectable reason why not , and it often times relates to either too many stock characters , not enough substance behind a thin plot , or just poor filmmaking . I tend to like more story - or , at best , A STORY - with my frights ; I think that 's the least audiences can require in exchange for investing 60 minutes or more with any piece of film . ROGUE RIVER , though , really failed to move me in any way.Mara -LRB- played by Michelle Page -RRB- and her brother Andrew -LRB- Chris Coy -RRB- recently lost their father . Seeking to scatter his ashes at someplace that would have personal meaning , she travels out to the remote Rogue River , but , before she can complete the deed , a kind stranger named Jon -LRB- Bill Moseley -RRB- warns her that she 'd be breaking a local ordinance . Heading back to her car , she realizes it 's been towed away -LRB- or has it ? -RRB- , and she takes a ride from Peter back to his place . Before she knows what 's happened , Mara finds herself trapped in a house of insanity , fighting for her life against Peter and his sister 's -LRB- Lea , as played by Lucinda Jenney -RRB- savage behaviors.ROGUE RIVER has a lot of elements that should 've made it a better film than what director Jourdan McClure managed to put together ; however , the script - tackled by Ryan Finnerty and Kevin Haskin - misses the mark by never clearly underscoring why the brother and sister couple are doing any of the crazy things they do . There are hints toward the cause of the nefariousness , but it 's never truly hammered home ... not hard enough for my tastes . Without spoiling it too much , Lea 's dying of cancer , and she 's apparently bent on having a child of her own -LRB- ??? -RRB- , and since Peter 's lost his wife and daughter earlier the two join forces to concoct their own happy little family from the strangers they can abduct . Well , the problem with that is , `` Why treat the source for the villainy as an afterthought ? '' There are WAY too many things here that do n't make sense - several of which I ca n't divulge without giving away plot surprises that defy logic - so the end result is ROGUE RIVER flows more like a dried up creek bed than it does a gentle spring.On a bitter note , character actor Michael Cudlitz is absolutely wasted in an all-too-brief cameo-style appearance as a local sheriff who suffers the fate most local sheriffs suffer in films of this nature.You can thank the people at Vision Entertainment Group and Kejo Productions , LLC for ROGUE RIVER . It looks and sounds about as well as any quickie independent horror flick could , should , or would though some of the ` mike ' work left a lot to be desired . The performances are what you can expect from this type of film
 This movie has the most depraved story line and the worst actors . I wish I could have seen some reviews before I rented this movie . I strongly recommend you do n't waste your money and time watching this movie . This is the worst movie I have seen this year ...
 There are times as a film critic where you find yourself hating your job . It takes a film like the excremental ` Rogue River ' to bring about such feelings of self-loathing . As this film does not warrant a thorough review , I will be brief . ` Rogue River ' concerns a young lady named Mara , who decides to spread her father 's ashes along the river that they used to visit together when she was a child . She makes the long journey , finally arrives at the riverbank , and holds back tears as she opens the urn , preparing to dump the ashes . However , she is rudely interrupted by a man named Jon , who warns her that she may need a permit in order to leave the ashes . Slightly annoyed at first , Mara eventually carries on a conversation with the awkward Jon . Upon leaving the riverbank with Jon nearby , she finds that her car has been stolen . Jon offers a ride back to town , noting that he needs to stop at his place first . She accepts , and the two head far out of town to Jon 's house.Once they arrive at Jon 's house , Mara is introduced to Jon 's `` wife '' , a frumpy , excitable woman who just so happens to be a terrible cook . They convince Mara to stay the night , and once again , she accepts the offer . As the film goes on , she will come to regret that decision.Jon and his `` wife '' are n't at all who they seem . They drag Mara into an abyss of torture and incest , which leaves her permanently scarred and pregnant near the conclusion of the film . Quite simply , ` Rogue River ' is a totally incompetent , depraved , and torturous attempt at filmmaking from everyone involved.A Z-grade disaster made by and for the lowest common denominator.Starring Michelle Page and Bill Moseley , Directed by Jourdan McClure.Rated R. 83 minutes . Released by Lions Gate .
 The producers of this movie / `` documentary '' must have written the review that gave this movie / `` documentary '' a five star rating . No other viewer could possibly think this was a five star . I would ' t have even given it the one star if there was a minus star option . If you have looked at the news or even been on planet earth , you are aware of everything in this movie / `` documentary '' . The movie consists of two old men who show clips from the news and after the clips the make a stupid comment . There is no investigation about what is really happening with regard to the news clips or anything that would qualify this as a documentary of any kind . Really , do n't spend money on this . My advice to the old guys who made this are two things
 I should have known better purchasing any video of this series , but curiosity overruled my brain . The so - called facts were flimsy and I questioned the validity of the interviewed experts . Do n't waste your time or money with this video .
 I bought Watches 1 , and I really liked it . I really enjoyed seeing how UFOs and other things that are happening a lot today , seem to portray the soon return of Jesus Christ . The entire video was pretty good but , sadly what I just said , I really mean about Watchers 1 ... Watchers 2 seemed to me , to be basically a replay of Watchers 1 , with a little more stuff added . I am glad I bought the very cheap download version from Amazon , to me , the DVD price would of been a waste of money .
 After renting this movie I went to utube and found much better and more up to date videos for sail trimming .
 I am an Orson Welles fanatic . I love Chimes At Midnight and Othello and Macbeth and Ambersons and Kane and etc etc etc. . I bought this not expecting much other than perhaps some beautifully filmed scenes . I was not prepared for it to be so unremittingly awful though . The film is in less than bad shape . The shots are not strong in the slightest and the whole thing is put together terribly . They try to dub it and nothing works . In addition , the actor hired as narrator is doing an absurd imitation of Welles himself . The editing is also semi professional . The whole thing is a shambles . I say avoid it at all costs . Even if you adore Welles and think you need this to complete your knowledge of him and his work , you DO N'T . You will be sorely disappointed . It is just awful .
 This may be the worst movie I 've every seen . From a Spanish point of view , it was sort of with the book for about half the movie , but then went off the deep end . The film was also poorly dubbed and just poorly done . It sounded like they were in a tunnel . I doubt that Orson Welles would want his name on this .
 This dreadful 1992 `` reconstruction '' of Orson Welles ' unfinished `` Don Quixote '' does a tremendous disservice to the legendary filmmaker . Poor dubbing and wildly variable footage make the Spanish project virtually unwatchable , even though Francisco Reiguera and Akim Tamiroff are ideally cast as Don Quixote and Sancho Panza . A documentary utilizing the best photographic elements would have been preferable .
 I 've loved Miguel de Cervante 's novel `` Don Quixote '' for as long as I can remember.The story , as I 'm sure you already know , is about Don Quixote , an idealist , a noble-minded , an enthusiastic admirer of everything good and great , yet having all these fine qualities accidentally blended with a relative kind of madness . His main problem is that the medival institution of knighthood has passed for over a hundred years -LRB- the novel was first published 1605 and was set in `` of today '' -RRB- . Yet he sets out , in his armour and shaving-hat , believing he 's a nobel knight , to save fair maidens and do good in the world . Sancho Panza is Don Quixote 's sidekick . He 's the complete opposite of his master , with his practicality and grossness.The film takes place in the 1900-hundreds . The `` normal '' people are launching their first missle to the moon , as Don Quixote is out fighting windmills . We see cars and other motorvehicles roaring by at many occassions . In one scene Don Quixote halts a moped driven by a `` fair lady '' , to save her from it.The screen quality is sometimes just plain awful . Some are too dark and some are too bright.And there 's no tact . Some sequences are too long . Or maybe it was just me who got frustrated when Sancho danced and cheered with his family for 15 minutes?The dubbing really annoyed me . The dubbing-voices are cheaply done , you can clearly see how the characters mouths on the screen are moving , though the voice-over is giving you nothing . I would 've much prefered to watch a movie in spanish , with english subtitles.One of the few things I like about this movie , that worked for me , is how Sancho and Don Quixote is potrayed . Don Quixote , tall , bearded and thin as a thread upon his trusted Rocinante . And Sancho , fat and short , on his mule right beside him.The music is pretty good . It sets a medival mood.Ultimately , most things about the movie just feels cheap and underworked . For me , it seems like a movie with a lot of flaws . But at the same time , some parts are quite enjoyable.All in all , I would n't really advice people to buy it , though .
 Only a few scenes in this dvd relate to book . Another , who was watching with me , left early because she could n't stand the lack of content any longer . Too much of Orson Welles ' and his cigar - nothing to do with Don Quixote . Of no value to keep for future viewing so will dispose of it promptly .
 Most of this video is a naration with still pictures stating what number the mistake is . Very disappointing . I was looking for a video and recieved more of a slide show .
 There were a few tidbits of information -LRB- which is why I gave it 2 stars instead of just 1 -RRB- , but the overall quality of the video is pretty bad . It advertises 100 mistakes , but I think 20 of them were on a failure to have a paper chart . Also , as the previous commenter stated , many of the examples do not provide a corresponding video and you are simply listening to the commentator discuss it . Perhaps the most annoying is that the editing was horrible . It jumps all over , and half way through it appears the video is wrapped up with credits displayed . If you watch past the credits , you will find there is another 25 minutes of content lol . Real amateur video .
 The reviewer who gave this movie 3 stars has reviewed over 1,400 movies . The 3 reviewers who gave it 5 stars have each only reviewed one movie and one movie only . Can you guess what that movie is ? Talk about stacking the deck .
 This movie does n't move very quickly ... the story itself is good ... to be honest I only purchased this movie because my son was an extra in the dog fight scene ... Walker Payne was filmed in York County , SC 5 years ago and my son home from Clemson for the summer needed a job desperatley ... mjd
 Fight scenes should have been better . Just another movie that PETA and the HSUS funded to show people where you will end up if you fight dogs . It makes pitbulls and dog fighters out to be horrable people . Now anyone who sees pitbulls with a few marks on there head are going to call the police and your going to get arrested !
 The Galaxy Invader ought to come with complementary clothespins because this is one heaping pile of cinematic cow patty . I 'm sure there are lots of Dohlers out there who are as fine a folks as you could ever want to meet , but I personally fully intend to run away as fast as my legs can carry me the next time I see or hear that name again . This movie is just plum full of Dohlers - writer/director/editor Don Dohler had his hand in just about everything , and the three different Dohlers included in the cast are n't content to merely make fools of themselves in front of the camera either , choosing to dabble in cinematography and production coordinating -LRB- whatever that is -RRB- . I hope the guy who played the alien used a fake name - since he never appeared without his bargain binCreature From the Black Lagooncostume on , he alone of everyone associated with The Galaxy Invader might actually be able to hold his head up in public by now -LRB- the film dates back to 1985 -RRB- . Basically , you 've got this weird alien dude crashing his spaceship -LRB- which we never see hide nor hair of , incidentally -RRB- just outside the extremely rural town of Harleyville , Maryland - or , to put it bluntly , Hicksville , USA . The alien does some snooping around for no apparent reason , but he spends the vast majority of his time wandering around in the woods . That 's where Joe Montague -LRB- Richard Ruxton -RRB- finds him while he 's out chasing his twenty-five-year-old daughter with a shotgun because she wo n't stop seeing the son of the Hatfield to his McCoy . He shoots at the creature , knocks a giant ping pong ball off his suit , and scurries home with it , convinced it 's going to make him rich . Once local slimeball Frank Custor -LRB- Don Leifert -RRB- gets wind of it , he sells Joe on the idea of recruiting some local rednecks and going out to catch the `` green man '' himself . The end result of all this is far too much running around in the woods by everyone in this movie ; even Robert L. Lippert would be all pooped out after watching so much aimless walking and running.The alien is almost a secondary plot point , as most of the action centers around the permanently drunk , ripped-T-shirt-wearing , I-had-a-comb-but-lost-it-upteen-years-ago Joe Montague . The man does n't make a move without a Pabst Blue Ribbon can or liquor bottle in his hand , even though he spends half his time chasing the alien or members of his own family with a shotgun . You could pickle cucumbers in this guy 's sweat - that 's how sauced he is at all times . The really weird thing is that Joe sometimes sounds like he might be Jimmy Stewart 's long-lost -LRB- and hope he 's never found -RRB- brother . Not to be outdone , Frank Custor sounds like - actually , I do n't know exactly who or what Frank Custor sounds like , but if Green Acres ' Mr. Haney had been from Maryland , he would have been ole Frank . This movie also features a college professor and his former student trying to get to the alien before the hicks do - but these guys are so stiff and bland , you could iron shirts on their backs.I 'm giving the film two stars instead of one just because you ca n't help but be entertained by the sheer idiocy of the whole project . The script is beneath contempt ; the special effects are , uh , not very good ; the acting is just embarrassingly pathetic -LRB- no one in the entire cast could act like he was wet if you threw him in the ocean -RRB- ; and the ending is exceedingly lame . Worst of all , there 's not even one remotely attractive woman in the entire town of Harleyville , which probably explains why all of the men stay drunk 24 hours a day .
 They just do not build space ships the way they used to , so this one has to make a pit stop on earth . The occupant gets wrapped up in a local family squabble . More deadly than army tanks is a domestic squabble with rednecks -LRB- from Maryland -RRB- . In the tussle the local baddy and a floozy just may get bumped off.Will the visitor -LRB- green man from space , not to get mixed up with our local green man of garden pundits -RRB- get away?Or will Joe take a flying leap?Ether ways we will be intrigued with this look in to domestic co-dependency . This film was SHOT entirely on location in Maryland.Some where out there is a torn T-shirt that was the key prop and possible the best actor in the film . I wonder what it would bring in auction .
 Warning
 Bad acting , bad scripting , bad direction , bad editing , you name it ... This is nothing more than a low-budget home movie made by a bunch of amateurs and retards with room temprature I.Q.Don ' t waste your time . This is not the classic Sci-Fi/action thriller you missed in the 80 's .
 I am not one to be pessimistic or have a bad attitude in any way , but honestly . . I have to say that the first words that come to mind are that this DVD is a joke . With that being said , the one good thing that I can say is that it is at least entertaining and made me laugh . Sadly enough ... being from Austin and listening to tons of live music for years , I can not think honestly of a time when I have seen a worse live music show . Ringo does n't even play on most of the songs and at least his band covers up , to a degree , his deficits . I will say that it appears that Ringo himself is enjoying it , which I have to give him credit for , but that does n't mean that others will ! When I first saw this DVD , I was really looking forward to actually to see Ringo playing live , not having heard much from him in years . I could go into more critical detail , but would prefer to just think of this DVD as an amusing entertainment experience , but for serious music lovers . . save your money !
 I was anxious to view and listen to Ringo and the Roundheads concert . But to my disappointment , the dvd was defective ! The intro was great , it had sound and video , but the concert segment only had video , no sound.Amazon was great about refunding my money , but I really wanted to see and hear the concert . This was the first time that I bought a dvd that arrived defective . Lucky for me , I had ordered another Ringo and the All-Stars and that was great .
 what are these reviews talking about this movie was the worst movie he did ever its stupit not funny isaw most of rodneys movies rodey plays a trash talk show host and then he goes to a governors house which he was invited to attend a party but the things he does ist funny like he gets a fake penus and puts it in his pants and walks around like that at the party
 MEET WALLY SPARKS , a disappointing comedy , features an excellent performance from David Ogden Stiers , playing a decent politician whose life is turned upsidedown by a trash talk show host -LRB- Rodney -RRB- . Stiers makes you care about what 's happening to him , a good family man who did n't ask for trouble . The rest of MEET WALLY SPARKS is leagues below the level of Stier 's performance ; it 's as if the actor 's part was edited in from a different film . As for Rodney , he delivers a number of funny one-liners , but that number is n't high enough to make MEET WALLY SPARKS memorable .
 I think the title says it all here , I could be the biggest fan of Rodney there is and I couldnt stomach this film . Gouge your eyes out before you watch it !!!
 I 'm sorry but I did n't find the humor in this movie nor did I really watch it . I just could n't get into it . I decided to give it a go for the excellent dance scene on Youtube , but I should have just left it at that.Not really my type of movie .
 Copy of this film made from a terrible print . Some innovative technical tricks ahead of it 's time but humor -LRB- 1941 -RRB- does not hold up at all .
 This DVD was scratched , and skipped ! Bought it for my granddaughter , and she was so disappointed , she could not watch it . She was able to watch just enough to peak her interest , and then it started skipping and she could never finish it .
 The story was not very good , and the songs were not very catchy . Plus Amazon 's instant streaming of it was poor quality.Best to watch the other holiday shows .
 i love jack . but not the towns people . there are poor in spirit . they are avoiding ancertors and family togetherness . not a family choice film .
 I rented this based on the 4.2 overall rating at the time . I and my family were discouraged . This was not at all the quality of the Christmas classics we come to enjoy this time of year . There just was n't a moment of interest in this for us . Save your time and money go for Frosty the snowman , Little Drummer Boy or Santa Claus is Coming to Town .
 The story is not as likable as I thought it was going to be . I do n't like the fact that the girl did n't marry Jack Frost . Jack Frost is the main character . I like stories where the main character usually gets the girl or guy . But that 's not the way this one was written . In the end she marries someone else and then Jack transforms back to his spirit . So what if he was originally an angel for Father winter ! If i wrote it , that other guy that the girl married would n't even exist , and she would marry Jack Frost and he would stay human until he would pass . And as for Father winter , i would just give him a grip . I sold it to 2nd Time Around later . The storyline is disappointing , and i just would have written it better .
 Everyone is nuts this movie stinks I like Jack Frost the oringal film not this one it 's to dinky !
 Who buys this stuff?This is another example of total crap getting the special treatment , CLUB DREAD UNRATED VERSION , anyone?B .
 Buddy Hackett lends his voice to this claymation winter story as a groundhog narrator . Jack Frost falls in love and is willing to give up his immortality to win the girl he secretly loves . Will winter last forever ? This plodding , overly long story misses the mark in creating a magical , mystical personification of winter . My own kids left in the middle to find other things to do . Perhaps if the characters had been more lovable and less self-absorbed this would have been more fun . Oh , well . Ca n't win 'em all .
 IT WAS HORRIBLE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Ok i 'd just like to say that he olsen twins are 2 of my idols but billbord dad was made when they were 11 or 12 and i dont think that its really up to top scratch !! it was thoroughly predictable and the girls had weak roles still as my idols i do say that id recomend it for kids under 10 as im sure that they 'd love this . If your a teenager check out holiday in the sun , getting there and when in rome , these are done by the olsen 's and they wont disapoint you .
 This movie was okay , but really I mean really corny . Like anyone in their right mind would sneak out in the middle of the night and paint a billboard ! HELLO !
 I did not really like this movie . I just found it anoying because sure someone is going to sneek out in the middle of the night to paint a billboard to tell the world there dad needs a wife or even a girl friend . Wake Up .
 We -LRB- my twin sister and I , -RRB- watched this movie in a thought it would be cute . We could n't find anything we would call cute . The plot was ok -LRB- it is after all a movie ! -RRB- , for a movie , but the action was kind of low . When the boy said that they are so perfect , they said they were n't . But in real life -LRB- AND the movie -RRB- in a way they are perfect - Money , Social , looks etc. . In this movie the story is unrealistic . -LRB- It is after all a movie ! -RRB- , would you go put a sign for your dad on a highway ?? Who knows what kind of people answer that sign !! Little kids could enjoy . It is better for them . Enjoy !!!
 Again ... this was a BORING video . I think that whoever made this video should have put there time into it . There is this boy in my class who LOVES Mary-Kate ... he thinks Ashley is a complete hippy . I think both Mary-Kate and Ashley are bigtime GEEKS . All of there videos are really pointless . Their new show , Two of a Kind , is pointless , too . If I had to like either one of them ... i would like Mary-Kate . Well ... that is what I think of Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen .
 I did not watch this movie , but overheard it in the next room as my girls watched it . The movie may be 99 % wholesome and appropriate , but there is one line in it that is so offensive and over the top that I can not recommend it to anybody . It is where these pre-teens who have arranged a date for their dad , broach the topic of `` safe sex '' with him . He says something like `` I 'm 40 years old and know what I 'm doing . '' Excuse me?I do n't know the plot . Are the dad and his date divorced ? Are they widowed ? I do n't know - but in the real world children do not get so geeked about their parent having premarital sex with someone that is not their parent . The fact is that most children of divorce wish their parents would get back together and are horrified about their parents -LRB- especially the parent of the opposite sex -RRB- sleeping with someone else . And if the children are `` modern '' and `` resilient '' as this movie 's stars are portrayed , still they tend to cope with the topic of parental sex with a non-parent by not thinking about it.My kids seemed to really enjoy this movie . But I am offended that a `` G '' movie would imply the normality of discussion about sex-with-a-non-parent between children of divorce and their parents . Our society looks the other way at the emotional toll divorce exacts on its children , and the looseness with which we portray sexuality . Family courts , divorce attorneys , and some counselors give us `` happy talk '' about how divorce can actually be a good thing for kids . Apparently now `` G '' rated movies can be added to the list .
 I had to sit through this while babysitting 2 kids a couple of months ago . Crikey - what a bad film this is . Granted , it 's aimed squarely at the pre-teen brigade , but surely even they deserve better than this . Funnily enough , the two central butter-wouldn ` t-melt Barbie characters are probably the least annoying aspect of the film . There 's much too much debris here to analyze in depth , suffice to say that if you value your spare time as much as your sanity , do n't go near it .
 I have been a fan of Mary Kate and Ashly for a long time and always ignored the bad acting becuase they were so damn cute , but now that they have grown up my expectations are higher . This movie was a total rip off of Sleepless in Seatle , which was a great film . I do n't get why all these little girls love the Olsen Twins so much but if you do then you will probably enjoy this movie .
 I 'm sorry , but I have been watching the Olsen Twins since I was 3 years old . Full House was my fave . show , and as I grew I loved watching Mary Kate and Ashley do all sorts of new things . I 'll admit , It Takes Two was good , but anything after that just turned the twins into a couple of teenage brats . I was born in the same year , and at our age normal teenage girls do NOT act like that . There are n't the sporty , no clothes or boys girls and then the prissy , dressed up , no sports girls . Reality check , please ? They were such good actresses as little girls , so what happened ?
 I 'm still waiting for this product , it has n't arrived ; it was supposed that on January 13 , 2011 - February 14 , 2011 but it 's now June and I do n't think it will ... I rated it with one star because the site did n't allow it to leave it in blank ... but for me , they do n't deserve any ...
 I have n't opened and viewed this video , so this review is based on the description and reason I returned it unopened.My grandson loves Elmo and Sesame Street but most of the ones I have are only 30 minutes playing time ; For us , that is not enough . I was looking for some hour long videos to play for him at bedtime . I purchased three videos that the descriptions showed to be 60 minutes playing time . When I got the DVDs , each one of the DVD covers clearly stated that they were 30 minutes playing time . So I returned all three for refund .
 This movie was very stupid and a waste of time . Please do n't waste an hour and 30 minutes of your life like I did .
 I love movies and have collected 100 's of movies , some that we love , some that are enjoyable , for one night only.I have a list oftrue bombs , Coming and Going is at the top.It is amazing that anyone would put money into a script that has absolutely no redeemingvalue.A truly painful experiece .
 Pros
 To sum this movie up in three words
 Rent it ... do n't buy it.No too bad , no too good . Just rent it.It 's just 20 min long after his presentation
 One of the later Wayne westerns is pretty thin on action and excitement.It 's from the time where they more or less stopped making westerns - until the revival with Kasdan 's `` Silverado '' . This one is really clinging to a straw .
 Although it is great to see Wayne seeing him is about the best in this film . I did not really care about these people riding left and right . It has to be something about the story , because the actors are a great bunch of people . I expect Wayne always to be real hero , but here it is not so . Take any other Wayne , even those of the 30 's rather than this one .
 ... this movie is a dud . Who 'd have thought that John Wayne and the director of `` Support Your Local Sherrif '' would have joined forces for this stinker!The characterization hints at being good , but really its character actors doing what they do best - being good support characters . Its a good thing to because the Duke really just mailed this one in.First - what this movie does well : - Ann Margaret is good and she looks great dressed up like a cowboy.-the supporting cowboy characters literally steal the show.-it is interesting that the bad guys chasing Ann Margaret and John Wayne and his cast of cronies are never ever seen close up until the very end . When you get to the end , you learn why , but it works well to keep them faceless.-the last 10 minutes is good - top notch with a twister of an ending.HOWEVER , what is wrong with the movie is stronger than what is right : - John Wayne is absolutely uninspired - he is just a cardboard version of himself - a cranky , mean man who they rarely even try to develop as a character - and when they do , it seems very , very clunky.-At least 20 minutes of this movie consists of long-distance shots of people riding horses . Sometimes , they ride over hills , sometimes they ride through valleys . We get 4 separate long shots of them crossing a wide pond that is supposed to be the Rio Grande -LRB- the border with Mexico -RRB- . Fill in this time with some character development ! Some dialogue ! Anything ! - the character actors keep referring to other events in the past that sound a lot more interesting than this movie.All in all , it seems like this was the rough draft of a great script that was rushed to film just so John Wayne could have another movie in the theaters . Too bad , a crack team of writers could have made it something special.My suggestion , get `` Cowboys '' or either of the two `` Rooster Cogburn '' movies or `` Support Your Local Sherrif '' and see this actor and this director doing much better work !
 Director Burt Kennedy fails to deliver the goods in this drawn-out Western adventure - unredeemed by the star power of John Wayne , Ann-Margret and Rod Taylor . There 's endless riding , but precious little action or plot development . Along with `` Cahill U.S. Marshal '' -LRB- 1973 -RRB- , the weakest of the Duke 's latter-day vehicles .
 They say hell is a place of eternal torment filled with indescribable , unbearable mental , physical , and emotional agony . I 'm certain `` My Dinner With Andre '' will be the feature presentation on movie night , forever .
 Let 's put it this way
 This tedious gabbling by two self-absorbed New York intellectuals -- directed , of course , by a Frenchman -- is the worst film I have ever seen , bar none . As opposed to puret trashh that knows it is trash , this film is the product who think their sententious ramblings have any interest at all.At least they PAY their shrinks to hear this tripe.Chinese water torture . Sod the critics . Sod the Frogs . Sod the New York `` intellectuals . ''
 This is one of my all time favorite movies ... But my heart sank when I saw the quality -- or the lack of -- the print they used for a basis ... The reel changes show color shifts that you expect from cheesy arthouse theaters -- the color balance is all over the map . The luminance levels shift throughout the film as well.Malle , Gregory and Shawn should be better represented than this level of transfer gives us.If you absolutely have to see this DVD
 I first saw this movie when it first came out and it and it soon became one of my favs ! This type of film may not be for everybody because the setting takes place entirely inside a posh NYC restaurant with two friends discussing everyday life . The film is all dialogue , as I said before it may not be everybodys cup of tea.I purchased the DVD several months ago and promptly returned it because the video quality was horrendous . I do not remember if the movie was filmed poorly or the transfer from video to DVD was flawed but , none the less the DVD version was very grainy . It looked as if somebody taped the movie inside a theater with a Super 8 camera.I do not recommend the DVD version unless you do n't mind inferior video quality .
 It really is just that - two guys having dinner at a New York restaurant engaged in a conversation . One from which you 'd walk away in two minutes had you been there in person .
 Viewed
 Full Screen . Does that say full screen ? What is the point of a DVD if not to deliver the full quality of the original print.All involved with this great film -LSB- especially its fans -RSB- deserve something better than the VHS quality of the cassettes that routinely go missing from libraries . But this is not any better . Letterbox this movie . It is high time .
 Man ! I thought Fox Lorber 's treatment with Akira Kurosawa 's RAN was as low as you could possibley go , I was wrong.This just doesent cut it , absolutly unwatchable due to the horrible basement recording quality.This film is great , yeah we all know about it . This dvd sucks.Lets write Criterion and tell them to get their loving hands on this film and RAN , Fox Lorber has zero idea what they are doing .
 The concept is good , but the dialog is lacking at times . It does not contain any of the wit or philosophic dialog that `` Mindwalk '' contained.Honestly , you are more likely to overhear a more interesting conversation at your local coffee house . Also , if you want a better dialog driven movie , watch `` Harold and Maude '' .
 This is a film which is basically a monologue of Andre Gregory , with Wallace Shawn making a brief speech at the end . Andre is a self indulgent bore , Shawn is sensible and a bit interesting although he probably seems so as he follows Andre.Malle the director apparently filmed a number of lunches between these two and then constructed a script which was a short of compilation of their ravings.The reality is of course that actors are not interesting people . They live their lives apart from the real world and have little knowledge about real things . That is in fact why script writers have been invented , because without them most actors are one anecdote wonders.The conversation is this epic do not relate to politics , to the state of the modern novel , to world problems , economics or the state of poetry . They relate to Andre talking endlessly about his search for self discovery . His spiritual quests and his soul searching . It is difficult to describe the pure tedium of listening to someone who is so self obsessed . Wallace Shawn towards the end tries to move the conversation more towards reality and he is like a breath of fresh air.This was a big hit in 1981 but it seems a Emperor has no clothes situation . Lots of people thought that it might have been some deep and wondeful conversation so they suffered through it . The reality of course that the discussions are not deep , just tedious . The sort of films that give the art houses a bad name .
 I rented the film based on some vague rememberance of its critical acclaim without knowing anything about it . What a mistake . It got great notices because it was `` different '' and `` daring '' , I suppose . But that does n't mean it 's GOOD ! Andre Gregory comes off as an incredibly narcisstic bore . His ramblings sound like some recycled Sartre from an Intro to Philosophy class . At one point I wondered about his mental stability , when he talks about meeting the Greek god Pan in Scotland . Oh , really , Andre ? The guys in the white coats will be here shortly , do n't worry.This movie is amazing in its ability to numb the mind . I kept hoping that a point would be made . At one juncture , it looks like Shawn is going to challenge this guy 's insufferable self-indulgence , but in the end he goes along for the ride and gets almost as ridiculous . In the end , the movie is filled with the elitist attitude that some artists have -- namely , that they are somehow able to `` feel more '' than us ordinary mortals . I find this in particular to be obnoxious and offensive.Shawn has played roles that prove that he , at least , is capable of having some fun . But only a masochist would think it was a good time to spend a dinner with Andre . Be forewarned !
 A phenomenal masterpiece ? Really ? This film just comes off to me as dated , self-righteous New York BS . Andre Gregory comes across as a humorless , paranoid freak with Wally for the most part just swallowing his inanities whole . I suppose I can appreciate this as a period film of New York in the early 80 's when it was cesspool and everyone was a neurotic walking around trapped in their own head . Other things about the movie I appreciated
 listening to the amateur and dumbed-down `` philosophical '' statements in this movie makes me wonder if whoever wrote it just took Intro to Philosophy 101 and layed down some stupid , un-provoking dialogue to impress his friends .
 I tried watching this once because critics gave it good reviews . This is one of the most boring films ever made . Who wants to watch a movie where two guys are talking over dinner ? This is the sort of pompous and pretentious film that tries to pass itself off as art .
 they hardly ate anything . a bite or 2 of each portion.i hope they got the rest of the food they did n't eat for take out.what a waste of food .
 After 20 minutes I found myself waiting for something to happen . After 45 minutes I thought `` They have to start the meaningful part soon '' . After 1:15 I found myself thinking `` I just wasted 1:15 '' . D'habitude , j' aime les films francaise . I have an MA in Philosophy and I detest car chases and gratuitous violence and the various Hollywood formulae . I 'm not complaining about the lack of explosions and blond bimbos : This film was just plain shallow drivel.No action , and no meaningful dialogue , and dull characters who seem to think they 're interesting . I 'm utterly befuddled that anyone could have liked this film.Frankly , I think they should snip it into little pieces , and splice those pieces together with the pieces of `` Viva Knievel '' . It 'd improve both films .
 Apparantly my first review was censored by Amazon , so here goes again . This movie is , by far , the worst film i 've ever tried to watch . I say ` tried ' because after two separate attempts I couldnt bear to watch more than half of the film . This is coming from someone who gave Eraserhead 5 stars , so take this as a very bad sign.Long story short , Andre is self-absorbed and does nothing but talk endlessly about insignificant , flaky , artsy stuff . For example , imagine the most self-important Art major you 've ever met talking about how hot-gluing scraps of trash to a canvas represents the struggle a ham sandwich about to be eaten . Or anything completely nonsensical such as that , that is the level of conversation these men have in this film . I watched this movie because it was compared to a scene in Linklater 's Waking Life -LRB- which was intelligent and thought-provoking -RRB- . IF you pay the absurd amount of money they are asking for this DVD , there is something wrong with you .
 Poor Andre . Travels the world in search of depth and meaning , but where does he end up ? Why , back in New York City , of course . Back to his comfy upper middle class life replete with a doorman , summers on Long Island , posh restaurants , children he no doubt sends to private schools -LRB- children who incidentally would now be of age and probably trying to amass large dot.com fortunes and think of the old man as a nutty gas bag -RRB- . Andre himself admits he misses the sixties , thereby revealing everything you need to know about this film . In his younger days he felt alive and connected . Now he 's old and disenchanted , the typically insufferable baby-boomer . And to compare such a life to that of a concentration camp victim is the height of immaturity and self-absorption .
 I have been meaning to see this film for years ever since reading a review by Roger Ebert where he raved about it . So when I saw it was going to be shown on cable , I tivo 'd it and began watching it with fairly high expectations.But my interest in the story -LRB- which remained high until the narrator arrived at the restaurant -RRB- evaporated when Andre began to talk ... or more accurately babble about his wonderful experience in Poland with forty people who did n't speak a word of English and `` beehives '' and the like . Frankly , I found Andre unbelievably annoying and felt like shouting `` get over yourself and go do something worthwhile with real people '' at the screen . Andre came across as someone who was so privileged and spoiled , he did n't even realize that he lived inside a world that had little to do with that of 99.999 percent of the rest of humanity . As such , I found him impossible to relate to and not someone I would have listened to if I met him in real life.So I deleted it . I have no problem with dialogue driven movies , but I need people in them who I can relate to and Andre did not fit the bill . In contrast , I found Aaron Eckhardt and Helena Bonham Carter in `` Conversations with Other Women '' a LOT more interesting and sympathetic and `` real . '' So I 'd recommend you watch that instead of this.Conversation -LRB- s -RRB- With Other Women
 This is a film of serious ambition and sincere intent that takes leaps of faith and bold chances . It assumes that its audience is intelligent , patient , open-minded and capable of sustained concentration . This is the very opposite of the assumptions made in any Hollywood blockbuster and predisposes intelligent people to fancying it.But it also takes a silly and self-indulgent delight in its own contrivances . For example , it uses the classical unities of time , place and action to relate a conversation with content that spans years , continents and disparate events . It also uses the ancient form of a Socratic dialogue to promote a post-modern existentialist thesis . The principals in this film are playing with us
 Strange that as I write , Amazon is not yet shipping the new DVD release , which came out yesterday , according to Netflix . I have it , watched it , and it is awful -- the DVD , that is . The movie itself , of course , deserves four or five stars . But the DVD is grainy , grainy , grainy . Sad .
 This DVD title went out of print and then reappeared Feb 2001 , so I thought it might have been improved because of complaints . Not so ! The quality is awful , and it is not divided into chapters nor is there any indication of time so you ca n't search or bookmark the CD . The VHS version is superior in every respect . It 's a shame that such a great film is ruined by lousy DVD design .
 I have been waiting to see Enlighten up ! for a while . It was sadly not worth the wait . The movie promises us to show the benefits and spiritual growth of a newbie to Yoga on a half year intensive yoga trek.What we get is Nick who seems to have been picked for looks rather than personality walking around in a confused state -LRB- but looking good -RRB- . We are then whizzed around the New York and then the globe looking for said enlightenment via yoga . Nick 's mumbling and increasingly tightlippedness seems to lead to tensions as the filmmaker tries to salvage things . Time lines get lost and there is no indication as to how much yoga is being done or where Nick is at apart from the odd ` dunno ' here and there.The real problem here is the film maker , she asks shallow questions that are answered in a ` yes ' or ` no ' has no real structure to the movie or the yoga practices . She parades a few old friends that have a limited grasp on reality . My favourite was in Hawaii where Nick was given a massage so rough that the point ' a little knowledge is a dangerous thing ' sprang to mind.A wonderful idea of a movie is shallow and grossly flawed , in short , a watch once experience of a few interesting and colourful characters from the world of yoga but raises more question than it answers .
 The director has n't the integrity to do an objective documentary about Yoga , and so she chooses the angle of trying to convert a nonbeliever to the religious aspects of the practice . Nick , her hapless and good looking guinea pig , is subjected to all sorts of crazy people and nonsense , and when he quite understandably ca n't make any sense of it all , she becomes almost hostile , accusing him of not trying hard enough to be convinced . The yoga instructors are also confrontational and edgy when their methods are questioned.Whatever , Kate . This movie is barely a documentary ; it 's a load of pseudo-scientific trash . I felt bad for Nick the whole time . He 's the only one who 's clearly got his head on straight , and yet he 's belittled for questioning the ancient wisdom of third world countries . Kate is one of those white girls who erroneously think that the East has the answer to all life 's philosophical problems . Never once does she look into how yoga-related beliefs , such as karma , reincarnation , and enlightenment , have been responsible for thousands of years of oppressive heirarchy and unconscionable bigotry . You wo n't hear about money-hungry gurus or the caste system in this `` documentary . '' All you 'll hear are a bunch of confused mental invalids preaching to a man already endowed with common sense . As for the physical aspects of yoga , that 's all they really are - physical . Yoga is exercise with a bunch of eastern mumbo-jumbo thrown in.For the self-absorbed westerner who has too much money and too much spare time , this movie might be fun to watch before going to Starbucks for a mocha latte , and then off to the coot with the accent who will hawk spiritual wares to the highest bidding idjit . Bring your sense of humor - you 'll need it to sit through this nonsense .
 This had great potential . You had a variety of different ways and people to learn about yoga from , including , amongst others , some big names in India . The guy wanted everything proved to him . Hey buddy , go along for the ride . Somebody paid you to travel the world and learn . You know how many non-yoga people would have given a lot to have these experiences and had an open mind . At times I thought he showed disrespect to the people he was meeting and to yoga in general . One can ask questions without acting like the almighty judge of the world . The guy 's attitude made it hard to watch .
 I so desperately wanted this to be a great movie . I have a tremendous appreciation for what are otherwise considered guilty pleasure horror flicks , i.e , . those that are considered absurd by mainstream , but which I otherwise hesitate to admit my appreciation . Case in point - Killer Pad , Tequila Body Shots , Hallow 's End , etc.In this case , polynesia may be the only thing that approaches my passion for horror flicks . Hawaii is by far my absolute favorite place , and so wish the polynesian supper clubs -LRB- esp . Kahiki -RRB- are as popular now as they were in the 50s . So with this predisposition , I approached this movie not expecting much but really hoping it would have something redeeming . Nope . The absurd plot does not save the c ** p production quality , terrible acting , blah blah blah . Avoid , sadly .
 `` Lepke '' is perhaps one of the worst big budget gangster films of all time . . Not because the acting is so bad -LRB- it is n't -RRB- but because it is 95 % fiction from start to finish . . Louis Buchalter , along with Jacob Schapiro -LRB- Lepke & Gurrah as they were known -RRB- were two new york jewish thugs and labor racketeers of the 1930s most often remembered for thier association with `` murder inc. `` a cabal of murderers often used by the syndicate and exposed by Burton Turkas and Thomas Dewey ... Neither man was particularly likeable , both were nasty and brutal , and Lepke is , to date , the only major criminal boss to actually be executed by the state for his crimes . . `` Lepke '' the film more or less white-washes the truth , painting Buchalter and Shapiro as sympathetic,short-changing thier association with `` murder inc. '' and thier main gunsel , Abe `` kid twist `` Reles , opting for invented episodes rather than true ones , and overall taking a comic-book approach to the whole plot . . The single redeeming aspect of `` Lepke `` is the end scene where Buchalter , played by smaltz actor Tony Curtis is executed in the electric chair . . This alone is the one powerful and authentic scene , and as played by Curtis almost overcomes all that came before ... almost , but not quite ... As pure `` guilty pleasure `` entertainment `` Lepke '' is n't bad , but as true crime it stinks ...
 Agreed ! This movie is awful . Tony Curtis is awful -LRB- even though he 's become famous as an actor and has even been nominated for an academy award -LRB- for another movie -RRB- , he really is n't much more than a high school play grade actor -RRB- along with 99 % of the other performers in this dog . The made up story/facts ... also awful . If you do watch it , you wo n't be able to believe how cornball the gun battles are , especially the one in the amusement park . As a work of art , this is 180 degrees from `` The Godfather '' , which as we all know was excellent -LRB- and it also made up stories and facts ... but did so exceptionally well -RRB- . I would predict that virtually anyone that watches this will feel they 've wasted their time and come away quite disappointed.I 'm the type that believes film critics are way too negative most of the time , but this movie deserves a thumbs-down for certain .
 Sending this back for a a replacement and paying the postage when I 've been stuffed around once does n't seem worth it , and all other Region 1 DVDs I 've bought have worked fine in my DVD player . Not happy .
 Looking for the unedited version of China 9 ? Look elsewhere . Along with being edited , the quality is equivalent to a 3rd generation VHS copy . Zero stars .
 `` Chasing UFOs '' is a pro-UFO series aired on National Geographic Channel -LRB- sic -RRB- . James Fox , Erin Ryder and Ben McGee are a research team investigating various UFO cases in the United States , Mexico and Brazil . Fox is a seasoned ufologist , while Ben is his sceptical opponent . Ryder is the hot woman with the vaguely risqu&eacute; dress habits . Both Fox and McGee were dissatisfied with the series , and have publicly disavowed it . It 's unclear whether it will continue for another season , but for now it 's still promoted on the National Geographic website.The concept is ripped from `` Finding Bigfoot '' , almost to the letter . Even the guy who introduces each episode with a dramatic-sounding voice sounds similar to his `` Finding Bigfoot '' equivalent . Maybe it * is * the same bloke ? The discussions in the car , town meetings with witnesses , nocturnal expeditions , cliff hangers , even the way the team members speak ... all is stolen from `` Finding Bigfoot '' . Ha ha . I hope National Geographic paid the claim fees!Unfortunately , James and Ben are less charismatic and much less interesting than their `` Finding Bigfoot '' competitors Matt , Bobo and Cliff . Most of `` Chasing UFOs '' is ridiculous filler , but even at their most humorous , the UFO team are no match for Bobo & Friends . Worst of all , the UFO cases investigated usually turn out to be less compelling than even the least believable Bigfoot sightings - or , if they are compelling , it certainly does n't show ! I 'm almost prepared to buy the idea that a White Bigfoot can turn up on a suburban parking lot on Rhode Island in broad daylight , but I have n't seen any hard evidence for alien visitation on `` Chasing UFOs '' . But sure , there are a lot of spiders in Brazilian rainforests . `` Chasing UFOs '' feels like `` Finding Bigfoot '' without the squatch ... I 'm writing this with the caveat that the producers of `` Finding Bigfoot '' might have ripped * their * concept from some older ghost hunter show . If so , I 'd say theirs was the better rip!Two stars - but only for the effort .
 At first it started out with an interesting subject then quickly fell off into the vast pit of dumb . Running through the woods at night around airport security stations , climbing fences onto private property to get a look at a tunnel , and no investigative tactics made this a one and only time of watching this terrible show . UFO Hunters this is not !!!! Where is Bill and his crew ! Do n't waste anytime with this show .
 I am a serious student and researcher of Fortean Phenomena with 3 decades of field experience under my well tattered belt . While my efforts are divided between Paranormal activity , Cryptozoology , and Ufology , it is the later that holds a special place in my life . At the age of 11 , I experienced 3 USO encounters and 1 UFO encounter in and around the San Juan harbor in San Juan , -LRB- PR -RRB- where my father was stationed -LRB- Now decommissioned , Fort Brooke -RRB- . These experiences were the genesis of a life-long quest for the truth in UFO/USO phenomenon both , inside and outside the box , and while I am not a professional UFOlogist , my knowledge base is second only to a minute few -LRB- Stan Friedman , Ted Phillips , et . al. -RRB- ~ The reason I site my experiences/qualifications/knowledge base , is to explain why I am so disappointed and down right disgusted with this pathetic attempt to drag Ufology down into the numb-brained , airhead based , quasi-reality `` Spinter-tainment '' cartoons that have become so popular with today 's idiocy.I am particularly disappointed with James Fox who has -LRB- until this show -RRB- emerged as `` THE '' primary UFO documentarian of the new millennium . To see him darting about the landscape with `` Ryder '' -LRB- of Destination Truth -RRB- who has absolutely NO qualifications and is in no position to opine on anything UFOlogical , is sad - And the dry witted skeptic ? Well , there are few things as dangerous in an intellectual debate as a little bit of knowledge - and that makes him a very dangerous teammate.Fox 's efforts in this ` reality ' show farce would be funny if it were n't so bloody pathetic - I mean , chasing UFO 's -LRB- on foot -RRB- , dressed like some beer swilling Canadian comedian who has had one too many , whispering to each other IN THE MIDDLE OF A DESSERT , as if they were in the middle of a library , is so patently ridiculous that even the teeny-vampire dullards would find it , well , patently ridiculous.James Fox is bigger than this and should be properly ashamed -LRB- and from what I hear , he is indeed ashamed -RRB- . It 's my wish that `` Chasing UFO 's '' will die a mercifully quick and painless death before Fox 's respect and reputation in the UFO community is forever lost ~
 I was going to write an in-depth review of this film but I just could n't waste any more of my time on this awful film ... please avoid and save your money .
 Oh ... my ... God . What the hell is this movie about ? The lead character is completely infuriating . Jesus , woman , if you are so damn bored then go get a job instead of wandering around in your house feeling sorry for yourself and going out spending your husband 's money ! I have absolutely no connection to this character . Is it too much to ask that she have some initiative , take some responsibility for the state of her life instead of blaming it all on her husband ? And then she tries to solve her problem by sleeping with a tatooed , drug-using scumbag with no job , for whom she has to pay the rent on his bathroomless trailer?Disjointed , badly written , indiscernible motivation for most characters and events , and a really obvious attempt at forcing an unrealistically libertarian philosophy of relationships . Real people do not relate to each other like this , at least , none that I have ever met.Don ' t waste your time on this movie .
 this movie was really boring and never caught my attention . I was ready to fall asleep with in five minutes of the movie .
 This movie was just weird nothing like I thought . It almost put me to sleep .
 That means it may not be viewable on your vhs player . It was n't on mine . I tried to manually adjust the tracking many times with no succeess .
 Hit the Saddle , 1937 film `` The Three Mesquiteers '' was a western series that had three heroes . Rita Cansino leads the list of actors , she plays a cantina entertainer . The story begins at a `` Wild Horse Refuge '' . Riders are arrested for entering this area . But they are freed because they have an excuse . A young lady waves to Stony , he leaves to join her . The sheriff and the Three Mesquiteers prevent McGowan and his boys from gaining a small fortune . A young boy uses an air rifle on the street . There is a song in the tavern . There is a fight in the bar . `` O Mighty King of the Wild Horses . '' Can they paint a horse and create a stampede to destroy crops ? The people want an end to this problem . The sheriff falls and is trampled by that pinto . Tucson is the new sheriff now . Can they use a colt to trap that pinto stallion?But this wild pinto has never been shod ! -LSB- If the shoe does n't fit , you must acquit . -RSB- Stony shows his nerve , but the crowd wants a dead horse . Rita dances in the cantina . Elmer preaches at the bar . Rita is told about Stony 's financial status . Will she return to New York ? Stony decides to free the pinto . He is chased . McGowan has a plan . Stony learns about that black horse . McGowan wants another body as proof of the wild pinto 's danger . Can something go wrong with the plan ? Lullaby and Tucson arrive to free Stony . McGowan and his boys return for a shoot-out . Can the heroes survive ? And capture McGowan 's boys ? -LSB- Yes , even if it is implausible . -RSB- At the end Lullaby shows his pig call . But guess what shows up in the Arizona desert?This is based on a book which argued for saving the wild horses of Arizona . Is that still true today ?
 Looking for the unedited version of China 9 ? Look elsewhere . Along with being edited , the quality is equivalent to a 3rd generation VHS copy . Zero stars .
 Burt Lancaster was a great actor who made many subpar movies . ` THE SCALPHUNTERS ' certainly falls into this category . Lancaster plays ` Joe Bass ' a trapper who spends the entire film trying to regain the furs that have been stolen from him -- first , by Indians -LRB- very original -RRB- and second , by a group of bandits known as scalphunters . The way they are portrayed seems to make them be better suited to an episode of ` Wagon Train ' than as villainous renegades.Early on Lancaster ecounters Joseph Lee , a cultured runaway slave played by Ossie Davis - who is easily the best thing about this very nondescript film . The two regularly engage in fistacuffs , generic discussions on race , and dialogue which is not as witty as the screenwriter thinks . It 's too bad . Lancaster and Davis are fine actors and their interplay had potential . Unfortunately the material lacked potential.Still , fans of westerns might enjoy this film . Telly Savalas makes a worthy villain and the action scenes are quite well done . However , most would do well to check out a true overlooked classic western starring Lancaster -- ` THE PROFESSIONALS . ' A rare gem amid much of the rubbish that typified Lancaster 's western flicks ! Alas , these other reviewers are either western junkies or nostalgic revisionists .
 While not as identified with the western movies as John Wayne or Clint Eastwood , Burt Lancaster made many forays into the western genre - unfortunately , many of these films were subpar movies . ` THE SCALPHUNTERS ' certainly falls into this category . Lancaster plays ` Joe Bass ' a trapper who spends the entire film trying to regain the furs that have been stolen from him -- first , by Indians -LRB- very original -RRB- and second , by a group of bandits known as scalphunters . The way they are portrayed makes them better suited for an episode of ` Wagon Train ' or ` The Rifleman ' than as villainous renegades.Early on Lancaster ecounters Joseph Lee , a cultured runaway slave played by the late Ossie Davis - who is easily the best thing about this very mediocre film . The two regularly engage in fistacuffs , `` insightful '' discussions on race , and dialogue which is unfortunately not as witty as the screenwriter thinks . It 's too bad . Lancaster and Davis are fine actors and their interplay had potential . The material , on the other hand , lacked potential.The humor - and I use this term very loosely - is incredibly flat . -LSB- Producer 's Memo
 This review contains spoilers . However , reading this review will save you the time and money that I spent watching this rather pedestrian movie . `` 8213
 Seriously , I would have been more inclined to get caught up in this suspensefully told tale like I did with the Fourth Kind if the opening notes would have been consistent with the images portrayed . Do n't tell someone the house you are about to study and visit for paranormal activity is built on the site of a house that was razed in the early 1980 's with a new house being built on the same site shortly thereafter and then open on a period Victorian house . Sorry , but I lost interest after that .
 I do n't know how anyone could possibly like 8213
 This -LRB- and I say it with all I can muster -RRB- `` Movie '' is possibly the worst movie I 've seen in the past 25 years . It was all based on a lie . I grew up in the town next to Des Plaines/Norwood Park , IL . Where John Wayne Gacy Lived and burried his victims . I remember when the crime happened and watching the news every night for the new body count . The house was demolished at the end of the digging process and a patch of grass eventually covered his lot . There was NEVER A SECOND HOUSE BUILT . That 's where the story becomes incredibly stupid . This movie is laughable . They want you to think it 's the old house but remind the viewers every few minutes that it 's a new house . This movie was not creepy at all.Doors close by themselves , pictures fall off walls . This movie was so bad thatcompared to The Blair Witch Project , it 's a student quality piece of poop .
 A paranormal investigation at the site of John Wayne Gacy 's house of death ? Sign me up for that . I do n't care how cheap and problematic the story is - I 'm a total sucker for films like this . And with The Asylum hosting this shindig , I could n't wait to fire this DVD up , sit back , and just enjoy myself . There really is no mystery to 8213
 This movie is obviously modeled on the blair witch approach - a bunch of folks do a documentary , they disappear , and we magically discover their tapes later . Despite blair , I enjoy that movie concept but recognize that , again given its predecessors , it must be done well . This one not so much . While its technically sound -LRB- ok acting , ok lighting , sets , etc. -RRB- , it just fails to deliver a scare . As they movie progresses , paranormal things happen , but its so much more matter of fact , rather than part of a strategy to induce horror responses . Just not that engaging or interesting , but an ok watch if you had to . Highly recommend a rental before buy .
 Camcorder or `` found footage '' films are inherently lazy , but they 're cheap to make , so a lot of filmmakers are making them in the hopes that they will be the next Blair Witch or Paranormal Activity . 8213
 The dealer of this movie was wise to sell it . Fair price and excellent shape but should be rated NC-17 as in no clown 17 or older should watch it . I 'll probably save it though among my rare movies ...
 I was led to believe that this was actual police footage of hte Gacy house as they combed the place for boides and other evidence . This is nothing more than those ridiculous `` ghost hunters '' in a fake Gacy house and this is a bunch of BS !!!!!!!! I hate getting taken . Do n't lie to people about what it is just to make a dollar . I am tired of these `` ghost hunters , '' `` vampires '' and `` zombies !!! '' They are not real , adults ! This movies sucks and do not waste your time even hearing about this let alone renting it ...
 This ` documentary ' is so fake . Im upset I wasted my time watching it . None of it was believable to me . The fact that they tried to portray this as real is a slap in the face . Do n't buy this , watch in on the internet like I did . The acting is horrible .
 I pre-ordered this on December 10 . It was going to be a gift . I recevied an email this morning stating my order needed to be revised . I checked it out and it stated that the set would not be available until after Christmas . So I canceled my order . I found out from a friend that he had ordered it yesterday and received it today . Anyway , I ordered it from A&E TV . Also , NOBODY at Amazon could explain to me what happened .
 What people who need money wo n't do to make a buck ... Severely disappointing . I 'd get more entertainment -LRB- and have a better time -RRB- from giving a drunk on a street corner -LRB- especially if it were Ozzy ! -RRB- a sandwich than buying & watching this DVD set.Someone should have never taken the make-up off & should n't have let fame go to his head.One has to wonder what the rest of the family goes through with this ridiculousness ... If you want to see some seriously funny `` Families of Rock '' video , then get `` The Osbornes '' -LRB- Ozzy and the gang from Black Sabbath -RRB-
 I ordered this on November 2 , and even though Amazon have been listing this as being ` in stock ' for a week or so , my order still has n't even shipped yet . I have asked Amazon to provide a reason for this , but they have n't done so ... I think it 's terribly misleading of Amazon to list something as being ` in stock ' when orders placed two months ago have n't been filled yet.Buyer beware ...
 I just ca n't figure out why so many people keep on praising this show . I mean , I watch it ; and do find it more watchable than the Ozbournes . And I do admit that it is entertaining , but I dunno what 's wrong with everyone . Are people hypnotized or something ? Too blind to see some realistic truth too ... . I mean , this show may be a little more constructive than the Ozbournes , but it has many things in common with it too.Like the fact that neither of Mr Simmons kids , just like Ozzy 's , are all that bright . I mean both Nick Simmons and Jack Ozbourne act like they 've got nostrils in their cerrebelums -LRB- forgive my spelling -RRB- . Anyone who says Nick Simmons is bright is having some denial issues ! The guy just stands around acting all goofy , strutting his long hair and having fun , but his only true purpose on that show is to make snide remarks and provide comedy relief . Sophie , does not have much personality in any respect at all !!! The only thing she seems good for on the show is to show her big boobs around and make her father , the big HYPOCRITE , go stir-crazy over her hanging out with guys . Like what does Mr Simmons expect , his daughter is an exception or something ? Come-on ? She 's a chick too , Mr Simmons , like any other -- with big boobs to boot!Imagine that ! -- the biggest womanizer on earth trying to turn his daughter into -- what ? -- the Virgin Mary or something ? Makes no sense really . I dunno ; that Gene Simmons just do n't make no sense at all . His kids are spoiled rotten ; he do n't seem to care much . And he lets them get away with just about everything -- just like Ozbourne . At the same time , he 's a big hypocrite , he talks all that talk of `` hard work '' and `` doing it all himself '' , and there are his kids going around and just having a ball with all his money , living in that big mansion . He truly never `` lays down the law '' at all or invoke any ounce of discipline on them , other than to harass Sophie any time she hangs out with guys . Like who does he think he is really , Al Bundy?It 's still a fun show ; but being the realist that I am , I just ca n't bring myself to give it too much praise .
 When I ordered this particular Set I thought I would get the Set that I saw and The exact Title Collector 's Edition . Well that is not what I received I received a Plan DVD CASE with a Picture Of Season One and Just 2 DVD 's inside ! I would have Like to Know Before Hand that it would n't be the Collector 's Edition !! I bought Season 2 from another Site and the only reason I did n't get Season One from that is Because I Really wanted this Special Edition and I did n't Get It ! Not Happy ! A little Disappointed But I got Season One !
 I grew up and loved the musical version of this film as shown on the disney channel . I was disappointed to learn that only the dry and humorless version has been released on dvd . The masters at GoodTimes DVD made a crippling mistake and failed miserably by not making this version the musical version . This version of the movie is not worth the mere $ 4.95 that it costs here . The layer that the music adds is priceless ... I watched the musical version of the movie with my girlfriend , and it was like falling in love all over again . You do n't get that feeling from the original version.I 'm planning on doing my own transfer of the musical version from VHS to DVD -LRB- for personal uses only , sorry guys , you 're just going to have to wait until they come out with the musical version . I bet you 're jealous . -RRB- I 'm also going to add a special feature that will allow me to loop the songs over and over again , and I 'll be singing `` a spectacle '' until the wee hours of the morning . Non-musical version = 1 star . Musical-version = 5 stars .
 How utterly disapointing ... I had no idea that there was a non-musical version of Jack The Giant Killer.Terrible acting , awful costumes , lame plot , without the songs this movie is a drabby bore . The goofy songs are the key to this otherwise DULL movie .
 After the successful release of Ray Harryhausen 's special effects extravaganza 7TH VOYAGE OF SINBAD , producer Edward Small decided to clone the idea and hence JACK THE GIANT KILLER was born.This movie copied SINBAD 's style in every particular , and the result was , while not nearly as polished as Harryhausen 's film , entertaining in its own way . It was a major box office disappointment , however , and the studio decided to `` save '' the movie by RE-EDITING it and ADDING SEVERAL SONGS and a MUSICAL soundtrack . This essentially ruined the movie for all but the kiddies ' market . Sadly for collectors , the musical version -LRB- recently aired on Disney Channel -RRB- is the one issued on this videotape . I 'd hold out for the original if I were you .
 The obviously over-dubbed musical numbers which elevate this film into a comedy classic are sadly missing from this DVD version . The insipid acting , asinine dialogue , goofy clay monsters , even the appearence of a chipanzee . All this hilarious comic potential seems wasted without the `` positive '' and `` inspirational '' musical numbers . I mean come on people , `` We have failed master , we have failed '' it 's a freaking classic ! Wake up!Looks like it 's back to that worn VHS copy of the musical version I taped off T.V. -LRB- musical version = five stars -RRB-
 I am a huge fan of the musical version of this film . It is so deliciously bad that it completely won me over ... I found it completely captivating -- I was horror-struck and yet completely fascinated by the songs -- a curious concoction of faux-opera -LRB- think `` kill the wabbit '' -RRB- -- interspersed with the cornball melodrama . I have no idea why the musical version has fallen into disrepute ... the humorless non-musical version will bore you to tears -- it is no fun at all . Until they release the MOST EXCELLENT musical version of this film , do not buy this !
 This should have been a better quality production - not sure why it failed to entertain ...
 Although the film stars Kerwin Mathews and Torin Thatcher , both from `` The 7th Voyage of Sinbad '' and is directed by the same director of that film , Nathan Duran , this is a much weaker film . The stop-motion work is nowhere near as polished as Harryhausen 's and the score by Paul Sawtell pales in comparison to the brilliant Herrmann one for the earlier flick .
 I do n't mean to berate the great Jim Danforth , but this is an extremely low budget rip-off of The 7TH Voyage of Sinbad . The legend is that producer Edward Small turned down Harryhausen 's pitch for 7th Voyage . Ray went to Columbia , and the finished product was a huge hit , making 12 mill in America alone in 1958 !! Small probably kicked himself a few times , and decided to make an exact duplicate of the film at MGM . He hired the same director -LRB- Nathan Juran -RRB- and same stars -LRB- Kerwin Mathews and Torin Thatcher -RRB- . Unfortunately , the animation models were not of the quality of Sinbad , and the stop motion is rushed -LRB- Small had a very tight budget . The result is a fun film for kids , but fantasy film fanatics do not regard this as a classic . Jack -LRB- Mathews -RRB- must rescue a possessed Princess from an evil sorcerer who wants to take over the Kingdom.Columbia actually sued Small for ripping off Sinbad , and the film remained in limbo for many years . In the late 80 's , MGM turned the movie into a musical !!!!!! They dubbed over dialogue and made it look like the characters are singing ! This version was shown on the Disney channel for a few years , and it is a sight to behold . In the mid ninties , MGM restored the film for a VHS release , and now the `` widescreen '' DVD . There is some controversy regarding the films original aspect ratio -LRB- see stopmotionanimation.com -RRB- . Kids will enjoy , but stop motion fans regard this film as a footnote in history .
 This show was terrible . Bad Story , worse effects . The animated creatures were more like Gumby than the creatures of Sinbad . Do your self a favor and stick to Harryhausen movies .
 Jack the Giant Killer could be considered an adult version of an old English fairytale , Jack and the Beanstalk `` Fee-fie-foe-fum , I smell the blood of an Englishman '' , or Walt Disney 's delightful 1947 movie version Mickey & the Beanstalk.Jack the Giant Killer is more about Boy meets Girl , Boy saves Girl , Boy falls in love with Girl and I 'm not sure if they live happily ever after.Although the Producer Edward Small hired Director Nathan Juran , the handsome hero Kerwin Mathews and the villain Torin Thatcher from the similar and very successful film the 7th Voyage of Sinbad -LRB- 1958 -RRB- , it lacked the most important ingredient , the genius of Ray Harryhausen , master of the motion picture special effects and most famous for his brand of stop-motion model animation.The monsters and fight scenes in Jack the Giant killer are laughable and hardly interesting . A disappointment!Some of the favorite Ray Harryhausen movies that can still be enjoyed today are
 Denver Pyle & Sorrell Booke must be rolling over in their graves . One question
 I have never written a review on here , but I just had to for this ... the dumbest movie of all time . It has ruined the Dukes . Uncle Jesse , -LRB- Denver Pyle -RRB- , is rolling in his grave .
 i just saw this new dukes flick on tv and now i know why it did ` nt go to theaters , because it sucked . Granted it was better than the movie version with johnny knotsville and that other guy . it was actually kind of watchable but it still sucked . the actors were better but still missed the mark the actress playing daisy duke was excellent , quite cute . but the main characters jesse , bo , luke , boss hogg really guys come on whoever is in charge of the casting of this film should be shot ! the characters are ` nt really believeable expect for the actress playing daisy was good choice on their part . i do n't care if Waylon Jennings was friends with Willie Nelson so that producers of the two very flawed film versions of the dukes said why not use Willie ? He was Jennings friend and an american icon granted he pull it off ok , but they could 've done a better search and found an unknown for jesse . same go for Boss Hogg
 This movie really did not hold true to the story of the dukes of hazzard . It was just these two kids running around and doing things that are done in most college comedies , like driving through a locker room . It 's just not the dukes . The Roscoe character is not the stubborn officer of the law that we know , and the whole Boss Hog thing , well , just not like the one in the series . I can not believe Willie Nelson re-signed for his role as Uncle Jesse again . I hope they do not try to continue this series . Rent it if you must , you may laugh a few times , but then return with care .
 The 2005 movie was not good at all . I felt it was incosistent with the original Dukes who were more like Robin hood than just rowdy moonshiners , and this movie doe n't do much to that . The acting is horrible , and I ca n't believe Willie Nelson signed on for this one . I thought at times this might have a glimmer of the original series , such as the boys actually messing around with Rosco than Rosco being a Hard edged sherrif , but then it would loose it again in bad script and acting . Rent if you must , but just not a great movie .
 This will be short because I do not want to waste anymore of my time thinking about this film.What were they THINKING when they made this?The only points in this film in which there is a relation to the original The Dukes of Hazard are the characters ' names and the car.And what was Willie Nelson thinking to even be involved with this travesty ?
 It drives me nuts when a film is marketed as a prequel but does n't match up at all to the original . The 2005 movie did this as Uncle Jesse was NOTHING like the Uncle Jesse in the tv series . This version is even worse . Do n't waste any more of your time looking into this film . Move on to better things like buying the actual series . This is a true disgrace and a slap in the face to all us Dukes of Hazzard fans .
 `` The Dukes of Hazzard
 Good driving scenes is the only thing that could have saved this turd but it didnt even have that .
 Not to get me wrong , I 'm a big fan of The Dukes of Hazzaed . I loved the series , I liked the cartoon , I even enjoyed the 2005 movie . But , The beginning is a Disgrace to The Dukes , and The General Lee . But most of all , it 's a insult to us fans .
 this movie STINKS ! the actors playing the well loved cast dont have a clue as to how to be bo , luke , rosko , or boss . they needed to watch the real show to know how to play them . willie nelson was the only one that did a good job . he played jesse well . the actor playing daisy did alright too . she doesnt have catherine bachs legs though . ; -RRB- i cant believe this was bothered to be put out on dvd . GARBAGE LIKE THIS is put out , but great shows like clint eastwoods RAWHIDE is stopped right after putting out season3 !
 Please , please , please , leave the Dukes alone . After it took over a year and a half to finally accept the first Dukes remake for what it was worth , along comes this slop . Thanks to todays society and brainless filmmakers they have turned a darn good action packed family T.V. series into an adult oriented movie . Do n't get me wrong , I love seeing all of the nudity , sex , profanity , and violence on the big screen but not if they ruin a classic series to do it . I grew up with the original Dukes of Hazzard and it gave me great joy to buy all seven seasons on DVD so that I could show my 6yr . old and 3yr . old what quality television really was . I never thought that I would be telling my kids to close their eyes during scenes from a Dukes of Hazzard movie . Rent this movie first . It does have a few funny scenes , but not $ 20 worth . The poor General Lee is only allowed to do one jump and it is so poorly done that it looks like a hotwheel car flying through the air . I hear that Hollywood is also remaking The A Team , Knight Rider , and Dallas -- GOD HELP US ALL !!!!!!!
 Avoid this piece of garbage at all costs . It is horribly acted and none of the characters are even like they were on the tv show much less that stupid movie with Jessica Simpson .
 This movie only gets 1 star , for getting the make/model/color of the General Lee right . Everything else was horrible . I got to see the whole movie on the ABC Family channel , where it definitely did NOT belong . This movie had lots of adult themes and situations and was not appropriate for children under 13 . I feel bad for the grown-ups who loved and cherished the Dukes series when they were little and were excited to show their children this movie -LRB- which aired on prime time Sunday night -RRB- only to have to change the channel 15 minutes into the movie because of the language or the content.For those who have n't seen `` The Dukes ... Beginning '' , do n't waste your time . It 's just a slightly watered down version of the 2005 movie . They 've dumbed down the cousins even more , and slutted up Daisy real nice . If you liked all the T & A from the 2005 movie , this 'll be right up your alley . I 'm sure for this `` Unrated '' version , it 'll probably be much worse . For those of us who remember what southern gentlemen the Dukes were and how much of a lady Daisy was , this is an insult to our childhood memories .
 Surely , there must be a way for all of us fans of the real Dukes of Hazzard to get together and stop Hollywood from making these stupid movies that spit upon the traditions of the television series . Maybe you 're wondering why I would even bother to watch this straight-to-DVD `` prequel . '' Well , I 'll tell you - I just had to see if it could possibly be even worse than the first movie -LRB- and , uh , April Scott was looking mighty fine on the DVD cover -RRB- . Much to my surprise , I think this film might actually be a smidgen better than the first one . That 's not to say that this one does n't stink like all the manure on Uncle Jessie 's farm , though , because it does . It did make me laugh a time or two , though , so I think I 'm being rather generous in giving the film two stars.Apart from Willie Nelson , this film sports an all-new cast , with Jonathan Bennett and Randy Wayne taking on the roles of Bo and Luke , respectively . Both cousins , who have n't seen each other in several years , are sent to work on Uncle Jessie 's farm in order to keep them out of trouble -LRB- Luke 's a pyromaniac and Bo 's an all-around menace to society -RRB- . Daisy -LRB- April Scott -RRB- is also there , but she surely is n't the Daisy I was expecting . This Daisy is a good girl who dresses in frumpy clothes , does basically nothing with her hair , and ca n't get any man to notice her -LRB- except for hall monitor Enos -RRB- . The movie 's halfway over before she transforms herself and breaks out the Daisy Dukes I know I was looking for . Even then , she 's no Catherine Bach , but she 's certainly prettier - and a much better actress - than Jessica Simpson . Christopher McDonald plays this younger version of Boss Hogg . He 's certainly a step up from Burt Reynolds , but why in the world they go out and get a tall , lanky guy to fill the definitive shoes of the short and stocky Sorrell Booke is still a mystery to me . James Best will always be the one and only Rosco , but I guess Harland Williams does OK in the role , especially for a comedian turned actor . Finally , the filmmakers apparently did n't appreciate Ben Jones , the real Cooter , telling fans not to watch the first movie because they turn Cooter into a complete idiot in this movie.Basically , this film supposedly shows us the origin of the Duke Boys . Uncle Jessie and Boss Hogg are actually buddies at the start , but these fellow moonshiners part ways when Boss Hogg demands a bigger cut of Uncle Jessie 's business . The Duke farm is soon on the line as Boss Hogg declares Hazzard a dry county and sics Roscoe on all of the moonshiners in the area -LRB- especially the Dukes -RRB- . Bo and Luke volunteer to distribute the moonshine - but first , they need a fast car -LRB- enter the General Lee -RRB- . Daisy wants to help out by getting a job at the Boar 's Nest , but first she has to stop dressing like a schoolmarm and come up with a new , sexy look . From that point on , it 's just a matter of getting through a bunch of stupid plot points and shenanigans on the way to the most predictable of endings.Let me also say a few words about the women in this movie . Hazzard County is supposedly in North Carolina , the state I 've lived in all of my life , and I just have to say that -LRB- apart from April Scott -RRB- the women in this film , especially the peroxide blondes Bo and Luke keep chasing , ca n't hold a candle to the true Southern girls of North Carolina . Carolina girls are the best in the world , but you would n't know it from watching this film.I for one hope the Dukes of Hazzard movies will stop at two . Neither of them have been loyal to the spirit of the show , especially when it comes to Uncle Jessie , and there are plenty of other dumb scripts floating around out there in La-La Land full of the same dumb jokes and toilet humor you 'll find here .
 This movie achieved new lows in every way and should not be associated with The Dukes of Hazzard . The acting , writing and plot sucked . While the car looked correct , it sounded like it had a worn out 318 with bad lifters . Even the slide across the hood was contrived and , worse yet , reversed with Bo doing the slide . He could n't even get in and out the car well . The best thing about this movie is that it was on TV before going on sale so I know to never buy this trash and to tell everyone to avoid it . Do n't buy it , do n't watch it and do n't look back . This should never have been filmed and the cast , crew , writers and actors should quit their jobs permanently . Appallingly bad . Ben Jones -LRB- the original Cooter -RRB- said in an interview that no one should watch the 2005 film with Johnny Knoxville and Jessica Simpson . With talent -LRB- a term I use very loosely -RRB- that bad , how good could it have ever hoped to be ? The Dukes of Hazzard - The Beginning makes that one look like it belongs with Casablanca as one of the all-time greats . The Dukes of Hazzard - The Beginning is beyond bad . Do n't waste your time or money on it . Negative 10 stars .
 Back when I was obsessed with The Dukes of Hazzard , I saw this movie . I HATED IT ! It was supposed to be a prequel to the movie , and they fixed it up in this one , and in the original -LRB- which is supposed to be the next one , it 's crappy and THEN they fix it up . Another thing I did n't like was the sexual tension between Luke Duke and Lulu Hogg . If you love the original Dukes of Hazzard series , trust me , DO NOT WATCH THE DUKES OF HAZZARD
 Ugh . The 2005 movie was n't great and this prequel is far weaker than that movie in every way possible . Most of the characterization is unbelievable . Many of the script elements are unbelievable -LRB- a pig on a roof ? -RRB- One would expect to be able to count on the Dukes to , at the very least , deliver interesting car stunts . Alas , no , not here . I was n't expecting anything very good from this , but I was n't expecting to be so bored either .
 THIS MOVIE WAS AWFUL . IT 'S LIKE THE PEOPLE WHO MADE THIS MOVIE NEVER SAW A SINGLE EPISODE OF THE DUKES OF HAZZARD . THIS IS NOT HOW THEY ENDED UP IN HAZZARD . IF THEY HAVE WATCHED SOME OF THE ORIGINAL EPISODES OF THE DUKES OF HAZZARD , THEY WOULD HAVE NOTICED WHAT BROUGHT BO , LUKE AND DAISY TO LIVE WITH THEIR UNCLE JESSE . IF THEY ARE GOING TO TRY AND UPDATE THE MOVIES TO TODAY YOUTH , THEN THEY NEED TO WATCH SOME OF THE ORIGINAL EPISODES AND STOP TRYING TO CHANGE THE PERSONALITY OF THE CHARACTER . I WOULD N'T RECOMMEND THIS MOVIE TO ANYBODY WHO IS A TRUE FAN OF THE DUKES OF HAZZARD .
 I have n't seen ` The Beginning ' yet , but I did see the behind the scenes on CMT . I just noticed that the true prequel to the Dukes of Hazzard might be out soon on DVD , Moonrunners -LRB- sign up to be notified when the DVD is out -RRB- . I have n't seen it either , but plan to buy it for sure . I 'll pass on this one .
 The reason I 'm taking a wait and see is that if this was like the DOH movie , forget it.One bad sign is bringing back Willie Nelson.Making Uncle Jessie a druggie was a disgrace.One good sign was not bringing back Burt Reynolds.Boss was a rat at heart , but would never have laid a finger on Jessie.The language was not earthy , it was vulgar.And Daisy was a flirt but still a lady.Jessica Simpson made her trashy.I 'd like to hope that this prequel is truer to the spirit of the show.But we 'll have to see .
 My children have fallen in love the old TV hit , Dukes of Hazzard . They are 5 & 2 , so the original show is pretty ideal for them . They enjoy the General Lee and the `` duke boys '' getting in trouble and then fixing the problem . Not to mention if I never watch Spongebob again , it 'll be too soon.After an episode one evening this movie -LRB- The beginning -RRB- came on . We sat to watch it together . Umm big mistake ! It is extremely sexual and the Duke boys have very potty mouths . I 'm not one of those parents that screen everything so my kids wo n't be exposed to the real world until they move out . However , I do want them to be non-perverted children . I was just amazed that someone could take a hit show and make it quite awful but I guess that is TV for you.Back to the review ; the actors were pretty bad , I did n't think the actors that played Bo & Luke fit the part . Daisy 's character was alright . None had acting skills . They can be easily compared to the acting skills of Bella & Edward -LRB- from Twilight ... Yuck -RRB- Anywhoo , I definitely would not recommend this movie . Unless you are really stoned and it came on tv for free .
 Poor Casting and a very poor plot and bad acting ! And the content contains Adult Sistuations not suitable for children . And they Broadcasted the show on ABC Family Channel . Who allowed this show ? I recommend this show not be affiliated with the Dukes of Hazzard series .
 I am someone who truly loves film of art . This is not it . It is a crap movie with absolutely no charactor development , no plot , no purpose and no direction With cheap visual effects such as high gain on the cameras to give it a B.S. grainy feel to the over saturation of color in post , this movie just blew ! If you watch this movie all the way through , make sure there are no loaded weapons in the room . You 'll want to use it on yourself ! -5 stars and sucking .
 The trouble with reviewing films like this is that there is the pretentious crowd that think if you do n't like it , then you do n't understand it . I liken this group to soccer fans . Even though their `` sport '' is boring , overlong , dull , and structurally unsound , the fans look down on anyone who does n't like it.This film , like most in the Dogme 95 style , is a lot like the previously stated view of soccer . The arthouse crowd will be all over it because it uses no artificial lighting , costumes , etc. and they are smarter than you and I because they like it . In reality , however , it seems after viewing this film that a 14-year-old got a bunch of his buddies together and pieced together different incoherent scenes with a couple of digital cameras and hidden video.I have to give this crowd credit , because it seems that they can slap anything on film , give it a pretentious name like `` Dogme 95 '' and get away with it because if you do n't like it , then you just are n't smart enough to `` get it '' . I think I will make a Dogme 95 movie . The next time I need to have a bowel movement , I will take along the old Sony Handycam . I wo n't use any artificial light , except for the bathroom 60-watt halogen , and film it from beginning to end . I will film lots of close-ups and hold the camera at weird angles to really call myself a `` filmmaker '' . If you do n't like my movie , then you just do n't understand it . Please pass the green tea and the organic cucumber slices , I have a tree hugging meeting at 4:30 .
 I do n't have much to say about this film other than that it is extremely bizarre , disjointed , mostly incoherent , and surreal . At times its almost as if it was filmed in the attempt to show the world through a skitzophrenic 's eyes . Werner Herzog plays this creepy , gas mask wearing lisping father who tries to pay his son ten dollars to dress up like his dead mother and dance with him . That , for me , was the highlight of the entire movie . The rest of the film is difficult to pay attention to as the camera follows Julien throughout his day as he goes to work as an aid to blind people -LRB- watch out for the blind black albino -RRB- , goes ice skating , pretends an almost completely incoherent conversation between Hitler and God , wrestles with a brother that is almost pathologically obsessed with `` winning '' because of a father who constantly degrades him by treating him like a loser , and spirals further and further into madness . Although , `` Julien Donkey-Boy '' seems to be plotless during the first ten to twenty minutes of this strange film , it certainly follows a linear story , but is sowildly disjointed and interspersed with so many random camera tricks and surreal scenes that I found myself beginning to daydream throughout the duration of the movie . `` Julien Donkey-Boy '' is not an enjoyable movie to watch and seems to have been made entirely for `` art 's '' sake . Abstract , nihilistic , and not in any way as good as `` Gummo , '' -LRB- in fact , I liked `` Kids '' more than this film and I was n't that impressed by that movie either -RRB- , `` Julien Donkey-Boy '' is only a film for those who liked boring and poorly done `` art '' films such as `` Begotten . ''
 When you watch this movie you are suppose to see the effects of schizophrenia on family life . YOU ARE N'T SUPPOSED TO FEEL SCHIZOPHRENIC !!!!! My God , I did n't think anything could be worst than Gummo , but I was wrong . At least Gummo was funny , stupid and lame as all hell , but funny . The coolest part in this was the black albino rapping . Watching this movie I wanted to kill myself . Put a bomb in my mouth and sing `` It 's a beautiful day in the neighborhood '' until it explodes . I also know some hip indie movie reviewer on Amazon will give my review of this movie a poor rating , `` Because I am missing the vision of the director 's notion of schizophrenia '' . You want a notion of schizophrenia ? Look it up in the DSM .
 I was waiting for this movie to come out on DVD only to find out it was a big dissapointment . The filming is grainy , supposed to be hip and stylish but I think it 's very annoying . The movie ` Kids ' and ` Gummo ' where much better , this movie is nothing like them . Also the blatant promoting of his wife featured in every one of his movies is getting old too . Harmony Korine , sorry to say pal , you just went from my hero to a big zero !
 But it was n't . Yeah it 's weird and I appreciate that , but I think you should be prepared before watching it by knowing that it has absolutely no plot what so ever . At least gummo has some sort of story . I could barely finish watching this movie , do n't waste your time with it .
 I 'm usually attracted to off-the-wall flicks - and this one is off the wall ... However ... 1 -RRB- the film is grainy , which only got on my nerves ; 2 -RRB- the father was great , as was the Julien , the schizophrenic . But not much of a story line - simply showing the life of a schizo . 3 -RRB- it did n't really go anywhere - this is life , mental illness is all around - it 's just whether you notice it or not . I think this is way overrated for what it is - and while it had a decent cast , the characters lacked greatly .
 I had a significant increase in Melissa Leo requests since last month 's Oscar nomination so I went with her latest piece that no one had heard of -LRB- she has eleven other films coming out this year since Woodcock and Righteous Kill did n't exactly showcase anything for her -RRB- . This story takes place in the impoverished streets of a city in South Africa and briefly in a trailer park in the southern US . Melissa Leo plays the waitress/mother of a drug-addled son taken hostage by a dealer/pimp across the ocean from her . After finding out that she needs to pay the ransom to save his life , she flies across and dives head first into the crime filled life her son was living.Admittedly , she looked and acted like she just came off the set of Frozen River , in every way . Her mannerisms , dress and role all appeared identical . As did the depression level of this whole film . The supporting cast and film stock were both average and sometimes below mediocre , so the redemption had to be Melissa . In the end though , even the writing collapsed , as shown when the drug laced prostitute -LRB- girlfriend of the son -RRB- was pregnant the last half of the film - had taken a quantity of drugs , been kicked and beaten , been working the streets the whole time , but magically produces a healthy kid with no care . Maybe she beat the odds . But anyway , the ending really fell apart in believability , even though the director had just helmed such spectacular flops as Prey and Dracula 3000 . A skipper all the way , though it looks like at least half of the upcoming films of Leo 's will be better for her to showcase her skills .
 Concept for this film was good , but the sound quality was so poor I had to turn my tv up all the way to hear anything and the over all quality for the filming is pretty low.Could be worse but not worth a $ 4 rental . Wait for this one to be 1.99 or free .
 This movie is n't just bad . Its really , REALLY bad . Horrible , in fact.When I first saw this movie on the shelf at the movie store , I could n't help but laugh . And to those of you who were giving crap to the people that reviewed this movie without even bothering to watch it first , well ... can you blame them ? I mean honestly . There is a reason why some movies do n't make it to the theatre , and go straight to DVD . And this movie would be a great example of why that happens.Now , ill agree with some of you who say that `` American Wedding '' was n't very good . In fact , it was a pretty big disappointment . I feel that they should have stopped making these movies after `` american pie 2 '' but I definitely would n't go so far as to say that it was worse than this movie . Because there is no comparison whatsoever . Atleast `` american wedding '' still had a few good laughs , and there was an actual point to that movie , not to mention that it still had most of the original cast in it.Anyway , I happened to come across this movie a few nights ago when they showed it on TBS after Sex and the City . I decided to watch it , just to see if it was as bad as I figured it would be . But I was wrong . Because it was WORSE than I thought . Its not even funny in a stupid way . Its just plain stupid . The guy who plays Stiflers younger brother is a really bad actor . I thought he resembled the actual Stifler ... for about two seconds . He tries waaaaay too hard to impersonate him , especially when he tries to annoyingly imitate Stiflers facial expressions . Its painful to see . And come on ... his punishment after the prank he played on his high school 's band is to be sent to band camp ? Right.Seriously . I advise you , do NOT waste your money on this movie . At the very least , if your curiousity gets the best of you , wait until it shows on TV , otherwise , just pass it up entirely .
 Band Camp was funny , but not as good as the first two American Pie movies . It was , however , on par with the third movie in the series . There were the usual silly , outrageous pranks and there were a few characters from the previous movies , but not the main characters . This movie was fun and worth watching , but probably not really worth watching again EXCEPT for the the language features . The movie comes dubbed in Spanish and French , plus you can have subtitles in several languages while viewing the movie in any language . SO , this movie might provide a fun way of developing or brushing up on your foreign language skills !
 If you are between the ages of 12 and 16 , lack intelligence and laugh at the most pathetic of things then this is just the flick for you . Band Camp is the epitome of a bad , cheesey teen movie . Couldnt sit through more than 20 minutes of it .
 When a movie comes out strait to video there is usually a reason , and this was one of those . This was not the fourth instalment in the American Pie series , but more of a spin-off . It 's unfortunate that a triology like American Pie has this trying to ride on it 's coat tails.Here we see the younger brother of American Pie 's Steve Stiffler , Matt Stiffler , who is following in his older brother 's footsteps . His bad behavior at school has resulted in a discipline action
 though it may seem funny in the ads , it wasnt , didnot have the same humor as before ... It was too slapstick , and not natural like the trilogy ...
 This realy isnt a sequel to the first 3 it doesnt have anyone from the original execpt Jims Dad . How could they have Jims Dad without Jim ? American Wedding was a good ending to the series and if they wanted to make another one they should have made American Reunion with everyone not this . This movie also copies almost the same idea of the 2nd one . im going to rent it and if its good ill get it just to own the series .
 They just try to hard , the whole story with Stifler 's brother being and acting exactly like original Stifler is just dumb , save yourself some money and time and do n't bother watching this one ...
 Come on . Why do they produce these movie sequels with none of the characters from the previous films ? This is bad as Caddyshack 2 and Blues Brothers 2000 . Please shoot me if you catch me watching this .
 When I was a kid , they made stupid movies too , but not this stupid ! Every generation is supossed to advance . Life does n't go backwards . The kids today are so deviod of anything to shock them into adulthood . Even a war that they might have to join in with sooner than they 'd like has n't made them aware that there are things in life that need to be serious about , DEAD SERIOUS!Maybe a draft activation will shock these kids into growing up . The movie is made for 16-20 year olds with 10-13 year old mentality . My father used to say '' . . it 's nice to be a kid . When you 're a kid you 've got a clear head `` I guess they may as well injoy this mindless nonsense as long as they can . In time they too will grow up and have to `` carry that weight a long time '' as the Beatles said .
 All the American Pie movies have their plus side . This one basically sucked . It was a chore to watch the whole movie . The others I have watched 3 or 4 times , I will not watch this one again .
 I tried a couple of times to watch this , but I just never got though the whole movie ... it was too dumb . Maybe it is meant for young kids that do n't care about stupid acts . It is nothing like the others .
 This one will be brief . The movie is an excuse for young actors to use the `` F '' word and demonstrate that can not act . The characters are cheap rip-offs of the original , which is to say one-dimensional . American Pie presents Band Camp certainly does not flesh them out . One final note
 There is not much to say about this movie . It was n't the worst movie in the world , yet as a fan of the other American Pie movies , I was disappointed . My main problem with it was that it lacked substance , as another reviewer mentioned . I found the ending to be a little forced , and as for the humor , I can only remember one time that I actually laughed out loud -- and even that time it was more like a small chuckle . I also found myself checking the clock quite frequently towards the end.I am guessing that , in general , this movie will probably be most revered by the younger crowd -LRB- mid-to-late teens -RRB- as anyone looking for mature comedy or depth -LRB- or anyone who has seen a fair share of great movies -RRB- will not be impressed .
 this film has some nice charms here & there & alot of the Joke do crack me up from time to time , but on a whole this Movie is pretty predictable alot of figuring out how things are gon na end up.i watched this recently & thought it was Fun for a weekend film , but it was n't any different than alot of films on this tip.Eugene Levy is funny . this film is better than the last two American Pie 's , but that ai n't saying much.it has some funny moments though .
 Just bad ... Just Dumb ... Just a waste of time ... Is this crap supposed to be funny ? If you like the others ... which means you have to be half brain dead ... then buy this one too to complete the whole crappy set ...
 I was very surprised to see that this movie was averaging 3 stars here on Amazon . On IMDB , with 2,770 votes cast , it has a 4.9 out of 10 rating . THAT is the rating I feel is most appropriate.And some people here gave this movie five stars ? Are you serious ? Are you high ? Were you high when watching?I rented this for one reason
 Well , this came out here in New Zealand about half way through October , I do n't know why its taking so long to be realeased here . But do n't worry its not worth the wait . I has maybe 2 American Pie standard funny parts , the rest is really average . The guy that plays Stifflers brother is quite good , maybe a bit to good , instead of playing his brother he comes across as trying to act EXACTLY like Stiffler . Theres also a lot of near nudity parts , this usually does n't bother me but its really obvious they used bad editing to basically cut everthing , which as you is n't like and American Pie movie . Rent if you must , but do n't buy .
 Straight to DVD usually does n't mean anything good , and this film followed that trend . I was extremely pleased with the trilogy , loved every movie , own them all and have watched them many times . This movie just goes too far . With hardly any of the original cast , and a cheesy Stifler takeoff with a horrible ending , this film definently leaves its viewers hoping for something more . As most of the American Pie films have been heavily laced with sex and crude jokes , getting former playmates to star in this movie has just made it a movie that young teens can giggle at the chests of the counslers . Many things such as ordering tons of cameras with a credit card with no trouble at all just make this movie cheesy and unrealisitic . Coming from a HUGELY disappointed American Pie fan , I say stay away .
 American Pie was awesome . AP2 was pretty good . AP3 was not very good and this is plainly abysmal . Beyond the fact that almost nobody from the first three is in this , it just does n't have any humor in it.The entire thing centers around Stiffler 's younger brother , who captures a lot of Stiffler 's original character but lacks any of the comedic value . The result is that you 've got a movie where you see this guy 's backside three times within the first thirty minutes.I watched this with my brother and we both quit at the half way mark because the most the movie had mustered was a simple chuckle at one point.It 's just a bad movie and if you do n't believe me , ask yourself why it went straight to DVD.I actually feel sorry for anybody who likes this movie . If you gave it five stars , shame on you .
 My husband rented this expecting something similar to it 's predecessors . He did n't realize that `` straight to video '' means `` THis movie stinks ! Do n't bother ! You 'd be better off watching the original movie if you like that type of comedy.Band Camp completely insults it . I saw only one original AP star , Eugene Levy who plays a Quasi-counselor to the rude and annoying characters.I watched half of it asking myself , `` Was I supposed to laugh at that ? '' and rolling my eyes at how truly moronic it was . Finally I realized I 'd have a better time sleeping so I stopped watching altogether.I think it has no true humor and is distasteful . If you can base a movie as good by the amount of nudity and really stupid humor this is right up your alley !
 Alright , most likely you are reading this because you are either a concerned parent or under 21 , so with that in mind ... here it goes : I 've seen the other 3 AP films with mixed feelings -LRB- mostly good -RRB- but this film is better left unwatched . Why?The humor was utterly predictable , this was really bad even for a film with a meagre budget of 10 million dollars . Yeah , I know that this is aimed at teens -LRB- no offense -RRB- and lowbrows -LRB- can you be offended ? -RRB- but come on ... The acting was so unnatural I kept my eyes open for the shadow of a teleprompter ... The script is nothing more than a dirty version of every `` Gone to Camp '' film ever made ... Your imagination is probably more interesting than the images on the screen ... of course little is left to the imagination.Any money spent on the purchase of this `` watch it once and try to forget it '' movie is money lost forever . Did I mention that I threw this away within 24 hours of buying it?Straight to video and directly to the garbage truck or pawn shop .
 `` American Pie Presents Band Camp '' is what would of happened to the original film if it had n't of had a good writer -LRB- which it did with Adam Herz -RRB- , likeable and relatable characters -LRB- which it did -RRB- , and genuine depth and heart -LRB- which it did -RRB- . This film pretty much tries to follow the original series ' formula , but it does n't really achieve any of those things above . I will say that I liked it more than I thought I would . If it had n't been for the returning Eugene Levy -LRB- and he is in demand as an actor judging by how he always pops up - another reviewer should pay more attention -RRB- , I would n't of been nearly as interested . As far as direct to video goes , it 's better than others of it 's kind I 've seen . But first , the plot . Stifler 's little brother Matt -LRB- Tad Hilgenbrick -RRB- is a cjip off the old block . In ways , he seems even more annoying than big bro . He is caught in the act of a prank and is sent to the guidance councelor -LRB- The Sherminator ! -RRB- and for punishment is sent to band camp . But Stifler Jr. being who he is , he has a raunchy plan . He sets up cameras all over the place and plans to make a raunchy video called `` Bandeez Gone Wild '' , and follow in big bro 's footsteps . However , he did n't plan on falling in love with Elyse -LRB- Arielle Kebell -RRB- , but we did ! . The film also has the expected and cliched `` big tournament '' that our main stars try to win and beat their rivals who have won it year after year . Yawn . The idea for the movie works for the kind of `` spin off '' that this is , but it would n't of for a regular part 4 . Hilgenbrick is one of the more redeeming qualities here . He is a bit annoying and does take it a little too far sometimes , but he has the Stifler speak down pat , as well as the looks and mannerisms . He has definitley studied Sean William Scott . Kibbell is a lovely thing to look at , but nothing else is going on . Levy delivers as Jiim 's dad , but he 's not as funny here as he was in the others . But his appearance adds some credibility to the proceedings that the film would otherwise be lacking . Former porn star Ginger Lynn Allen appears as the camp nurse , and comedic character actor Timothy Stack -LRB- `` Night Stand '' , `` Son Of The Beach '' -RRB- also appears . The film has the raunch down , but the comedy is on a low . There is n't a whole lot to laugh at here . Most of what we see we have seen before . None of the characters are likeable , except maybe Elyse , and none are that relatable . Something that was a key ingredient in the three previous films . The movie tries to have heart , and maybe it has some , but it is not as real , deep , or authentic as any in the other films . It falls flat and seems too rushed for it to be effective . The raunch factor is pretty high . There is more nudity in this film than in any of the others . You 'll be in for a treat if you like that sort of thing . I knew going in that this would not be a high mark in the `` Pie '' series , and the film supported my thought . The extras are so so . Some deleted scenes and outtakes , and some time behind the scenes with the crew and the camp girls . A music video of the girls is included as well . Even `` American Wedding '' , which is considered the least in the series , is ten times funnier than this one . Jim 's dad mentioned that Jim and Michelle were having a baby . That 's the movie we need to see in this series . Not wasting our time with the little Jr. 's . We need the real gang back .
 This movie is about as funny as a toothache . They should n't have bothered to send it straight to video . They could have saved us all a lot of time , money and aggrivation by sending it straight to the landfill where it belongs . This movie is n't worth the DVD it 's recorded on . If you are a fan of the American Pie series , '' ... Band Camp '' is a complete waste .
 Im 10 years old and i like sequels that have numbers in them . As far as im consurned if it doesnt have a number its not a sequel to me ! Cheaper By the Dozen 2 was a sequel because it had the number 2 in it . American Wedding should have been called American Pie 3
 IF you like the previous AMERICAN PIE movies , you will probably like this one . However , you will likely not enjoy it as much as the previous ones . For what it is , it 's OK . Not fantastic , just OK.What the movie lacks is the dynamic of the previous AP flicks . This next generation of AP does not feature the calibre of actors such as Tara Reid , Alyson Hannigan and Seann William Scott . There are a few tie-in actors from the previous AP , but only in bit parts.The worst idea was to have some actor -LRB- not Seann William Scott -RRB- stand-in for Stiffler . This scene was totally unnecessary and superfluous . Not sure whose idea it was , but you ca n't fool people into thinking that someone else is capable of playing Stiffler . Scott has shown himself to have a screen presence that is out of the league of everyone in this farce.Of course , the whole premise of the movie does not help matters . To say that the plot is silly would be an understatement . That 's not to say that the plot of the previous 3 could rival Shakespeare , but this one was the weakest of the 4 . The biggest saving grace of the film is the eye-candy drum-major , Arielle Kebbel . She is beautiful as the wholesome midwestern girl-next door -LRB- complete with integrity ! -RRB- . I fell in love with her about 10 minutes into the movie ! She also has a genuine acting talent and I hope to see much more of her . Sadly , she 's one of the few girls in the film who does n't take her shirt off -LRB- hate it when that happens ! -RRB- . If you 're a die-hard AP fan , you may as well see this one . Some of the pranks are recycled or @ least variations of the predecessors . Also , the special features on this one are LAME . Still , it 's just barely watchable if the party movie genre is your thing .
 Airport '77 is the story of bazillionaire Phillip Stevens -LRB- a slumming James Stewart -RRB- who is jetting some of his friends and colleagues and others on a luxury 747 to view his art collection which is going to become a museum , because , as we learn later ... he has A FEW MONTHS TO LIVE !!! Unfortunately , some hijackers unleash some gas on the passengers and plan to swipe the artwork . But the plan goes awry when the plane crashes into the Bermuda Triangle.Quite realistic , do n't you think ? The problem is the movie is boring . None of the characters make an impression . Let 's see , there 's the feuding couple with the wife who cheated on her husband , but that 's never mentioned again ; the old lady renewing a friendship with an old man ; some kids who like to play Pong ; a blind pianist who sings about seeing through `` the eye of the beholder '' ; a bartender whose wife is about to give birth to twins , etc. , etc. . What are their names ? I do n't know , all I know is that they 're bland characterizations meant to sustain interest before the big crash scene . Jack Lemmon is the pilot , and Brenda Vacarro is Eve , his love interest . They generate no heat at all.To make a boring movie short , I just found this film bland and uninteresting . The big rescue scene is silly , and everything leading up to it is a waste of time . George Kennedy , who appeared in every Airport movie as Patroni , has about one minute of screentime here wherein he does nothing . Most of the movie is spent with people staring vacantly out the window , or squealing in pain . Much like the viewer would do .
 Since Arthur Hailey had his book `` Airport '' published which was later made into a movie in 1970 , it became successful . The sequels that followed
 After reading a couple of other reviews about the `` quality '' of transfer on this dvd , I decided I wanted this in my collection . What I THOUGHT would be good or atleast a decent enough picture quiality , I WAS VERY DISSAPOINTED.THE QUALITY OF TRANSFER OF THE PICTURE IS HORRIBLE !!! A great movie a total real diaster flick in picture quality . Non anamorphic , deffintaly not remastered or digitally transfered . Picture tones are very , very bad , along with what little color that is desplayed . Almost a black & white picture with most of the entire movie too dark to make out what is going on . Even with my brightness turn all the way up on my tv , it still was so dark it almost was n't worth continue watching.The ONLY things positive on this dvd was the fact it was in widescreen and `` suppossedly '' in Dolby Digital EX . The beginning Dolby intoduction was deffinatly in Dolby and had good sound but the movie itself did n't distributeand Dolby sounds that I could make out on my theatre sound system . Sounded like mono to me.Thsi dvd reproduction stinks and I suggest those that are into quality dvd and getting you money worth saty away from this `` Goodtimes Video '' version untill it is put on dvd correctly . Why they botherd is beyond me . Because I wanted to have a copy of this movie in widescreen , I am taping it on to VHS for my collection and going to try and return it for something better tommorrow . I suppsoe I 'll have to be content that I got the widscreen version on VHS for now untill they re-release it on dvd with better quality , or they show it on tv in widescreen which I highly doubt . Heck , even TAPING IT OFF TV YOU 'D GET A BETTER PICTURE QUALITY THAN THIS DVD .
 This is the least memorable entry in a mediocre movie franchise . The original Airport is a terrific movie ! Airport '75 is silly fun , and Airport '79 is ludicrous . '77 is in comparison pretty tedious . Something that I have never seen anyone comment on is that it is very similar to an episode of the excellent children 's TV Show from the 1960s ` Thunderbirds ' . In the episode `` Operation
 Two things make this film worthwhile
 This movie is absolutely the worst airport movie ever made . Technically it is n't even close to reality . The acting was predictable and terrible . Avoid this movie at all costs .
 Boring . Who cares that her first grade teacher was good , and that she finds it easier to speak than to write ? What is this , seventh grade , where we need to know what our favorite teen star had for breakfast ? One star , only because I could not give zero stars .
 Meh . I 'm a big Tina Fey fan , but it was so-so . I loved the series , but the free interviews are worth the price
 This is not a vampire movie . If you are expecting a classic vampire story , then this is not for you . This movie s * cks and I do n't understand why so many people have given this movie a high rating .
 The movie was quite boring . I wish I wouldnt have rented it on amazon.com . I advise others to pass on it also .
 The movies i ordered i never received . . i received two of the same movies that i never heard of . . and never got a response to my e-mail from the seller . . wont order again .
 How does and Aikaido master let himself get fat and bloated ? I guess alcohol and Twinkies . So you have to ask yourself
 This Seagal flick is a little bit tighter than his other straight to DVD shows . Just a little . He still spends more than half of the film in shadow to hide his weight , and mumbles his lines as if he just wanted to finish the scene and go home . The fight scenes are not as sloppy as others I 've seen -LRB- though I love the `` 15 shots to the crotch '' scene -RRB- , but the shootouts go way over the top . Lots of wild shooting , no aimed shots , and ridiculous amounts of blood . Speaking of that , how Eddie Griffin got conned into playing a sterotypical gangbanger beats me . Wait a minute -- it must 've been one thing ; PAYCHECK ! He throws the clock back 10,000 years for African Americans in this film with his moronic portrayal of a sleazy , filthy mouthed gangbanging dope dealer . And what 's up with the raccoon on Seagal 's head ??? We all know you 're losing your hair Steve -- give it up and show us the bald spot in the next film . One star from me , just for Seagal showing up -LRB- and more than likely , late -RRB- .
 my son bought this item and never got to see it , i looked for it on my kindle and it never showed up too bad because i spent a lot of money for somthing i never got
 this was ordered by my 2yr . granddaughter , not by me . Otherwise it is probably a good program for kids although she did n't wastch it much .
 Are you f ` ning kidding me ?! this is an excuse for hipster parents to seem cool . I am sorry nothing in this show has every brought me , my kids or the world joy . I put this on the other day for my 1 and a half year old and my 5 year old . My youngest watched it for like 5 minutes and vomited , and the older one begged me to turn it off , HE BEGGED !!
 If you do n't already know the '' ` Kid ' in Title Rule '' , you just might deserve to watch this movie . But in order to be nice and to contribute to the general good of society , let me explain it to you
 OMG - even `` The scantily clad Princess Tritia of Blue Land '' can not save this movie.Perhaps more scantily clad princess warriors that are less clad would help the ogle factor but the movie would still be absolutely pathetic .
 I have not seen many of the Asian `` B '' movies , so I am not sure if this is pretty standard fare or not . Acting is , well , lacking . Seriously , it 's one big long cosplay movie . About two thirds in it , the girl gets tortured several different ways , I thought that was to much S & M , I fast forwarded past all that . No woman should be portrayed that way for that long in a film . What 's the point?Sorry , but if they cut this down to about 5 minutes on youtube , that 's about what it 's worth.I like Scifi , but this fails at that genre .
 I love Hellboy and that makes watching this all the harder.The animation is bland and `` Saturday morning '' grade.The voice work is bland and uninspired . Listen to -LRB- and watch -RRB- THE AMAZING SCREW ON HEAD and then watch and listen to this and you will see and hear how good art and talanted voice work make all the differance.One can be a good actor and still do bad voice work and that is clearly the case here .
 bought this for my nephew for his birthday.he tried to watch it when he got home.the dvd was tried in 3 different dvd players but the dvd was blank.thanks for ruining a little boy 's birthday .
 I gave this more than just one star because I was able to watch it all the way through once . But that 's about it ... The plot and dialogue are pretty good ; I never read the comic series , but loved the live action version , and this seemed true to the spirit of that one.But I 'll never watch it again , because I just do n't understand how in 2007 a cartoon can be released with worse art and animation than Looney Tunes was capable of in the 1940 's . Worse even than most anime -LRB- oooh , harsh , but true -RRB- . Think `` Steamboat Willie '' in color .
 the animation for mignola 's ` the amazing screw on head ' was awesome . not only did the designs look very close to mignola 's style , but the timing translated the humor very well.this hellboy animated movie was not made by the same animators . designs are just drawn very poorly , and the timing was awful ! the pauses between dialogue felt awkward which ruined the humor of the stories , many of which were directly sourced from the comics.i 'm being critical because i 'm a huge hellboy fan , a fan of animation , and this one is just not worth watching because of the poor quality .
 My son is 2 and into all kinds of trucks , but ... not this DVD . But again all kids are different . It 's just the overall quality of it is n't so nice . More like a kid 's try to make a movie about scrap metal trucks .
 When ordering this DVD from Amazon I probably missed the remark that there are no English subtitles . Had I read it , I would have refrained from ordering.Why ? It ' t the music that counts , you 'll argue . True , to a certain extend . But I wish to understand what the songs are about , and subtitles in Italian do n't help much . Strangely enough the narration -LRB- on screen -RRB- by Turturro himself are in English.So no , I 'm not satisfied with this item the way it has been marketed . Yet I will refrain from lodging a complaint , seeing how other customers , who had the same complaint , have tried in vain to get a refund from distributor Veco.Am I disappointed ? Yes , certainly .
 I was unable to view this movie . It was not formatted for my USA blue ray Sony disc player . Had I known this I would , of course , not ordered it . Nowhere in the listing of this item for purchase was there any indication that it would be a regional problem . I checked for upgrades on my blue ray player , and upgraded . No luck . I loved the movie and wanted to add it to my collection.Now my concern is will I be credited the amount of the disc . I have mailed it back to the company with a request for reimbursement . We will see !! Jo Anne Monastero
 Have still not heard from veco the italian company need your help I was prommissed in a passed e that i would be contacted disappointed that amazon would be selling dvd that are zone 2 thank you
 I CAN NOT REVIEW THIS ITEM BECAUSE IT WILL NOT PLAY ON MY DVD PLAYER . IT IS IN A DIFFERENT FORMAT THEN THE ONE I CAN PLAY ON MY DVD PLAYER . I ASKED TO RETURN THIS , BUT BECAUSE I HAD OPENED IT THEY WOULD NOT LET ME RETURN THE ITEM.THE BOX SAID DVD ON IT . HOW WOULD I KNOW IT WOULD NOT WORK UNLESS I OPENED IT AND TRIED TO PLAY IT ? I ORDER A LOT OF ITEMS FROM AMAZON AND THIS IS THE FIRST PROBLEM I HAVE HAD . I WILL CONTINUE TO ORDER BUT THIS IS NOT GOOD CUSTOMER SERVICE.GIB HODGEN
 Crap - this was not a region 1 item . Could not be played . Not a clear warning when placing the order .
 This Movie is definetly not for the average movie goer . The plot basically revolves around game in which Furlongs character is playing . the game makes him think he is killing people . Furlong gives a decent performance , one of his finest . Langella gives yet another outstanding one , stealing every scene he is in . The character of the trickster , a mix of Axel Rose and Freddy Kruger , is about the gayest thing in a movie i 've ever seen . The plot could have used some work no doubt , but every thing else is pretty good . Check it out if you like horror movies , you 'll probably get a kick out of it
 I had been looking for this movie for quite a while for my brother . I was really excited when I finally found it . The whole process went smoothly and the movie had arrived in about a week . Long story short , it did n't work . We tried to watch it with a couple different dvd players and television sets and it read disc error . Complete let down
 Edward Furlong -LRB- Pecker , Pet Semetary 2 -RRB- stars as Michael , a horror movie and game junkie who when he was a kid was in a horrific accident which ended up with the death of his mother . Furlong is all alone at his house with his father on vacation , he reads in a issue of Fangoria about a game called BrainScan . . a terrifying reality game . He orders it and when it gets there he experiences the realistic feel of the game about seeing threw the eyes of a serial killer . Soon things spiral down as he finds out that the murder actually happened and from there things dont go so well . Furlong is even visited by the creator of BrainScan , a poofy mullet haired virtual creature named Trixter , T Rider-Smith . Frank Langella -LRB- Masters Of The Universe -LRB- The He-man Movie -RRB- , The Ninth Gate -RRB- plays the suspicious cop on the murder cases who suspects Furlong for the murders . Interesting premise wasted in the dull script but the actors and the diretor try their best with the corny material . Furlong in one of his pubescent breakout roles is ok but doesnt cut it like I said . Langella is wasted . . I was expecting him to turn into Skeletor and break stuff . T Rider Smith has his moments with Trixter but it 's hard to keep a straight face when he looks like a mutated troll doll with pimped out attire that matches the dye of his hair . Watched it because I was bored and I still am . Also starring Jamie Marsh who plays Furlongs pal Kyle and Amy Hargreaves who plays Furlong 's across the street fantasy girl . . hench him in his pubescent stage .
 I am really dissapointed with this movie , i mean i thought the idea is cool , but just didnt play up to my expectations . Mostly because trickster was NOT SCARY !!! I thought he would be , scary and demented and forceful . Instead he breaks his fingers and sticks his fingers in his eyes , crap like that , that isnt scary , but rather funny and gross , you know when the audience goes `` eeeeeuuuuuwwwww '' . Stupid . The background music was the worst part , its more low budget than Friday 13th , although i loooved Friday 13th , Jason rocks !!! But lets face it the music was a bit annoyingOk , look i kind of liked the atmosphere created , the lonely boy in his room , his high tech stuff , but in the end of the day its just not a horror movie
 Please . For me . DO NOT WATCH THIS FILM . I just wasted an hour and a half of my life that could have been spent cleaning my navel . Maybe if you are under the age of fourteen you might enjoy the triteness of this waste of celluloid . I am definitely dumber now after watching this .
 brainscan is an interesting film of sorts . it offers a virtual reality setting , and some great special effects . but thats it . the plot revolves around an horror obsessed teen -LRB- edward furlong -RRB- long before he became widely known as the future resistance leader in james cameron ; s t2 , who loves horror , is president of the horror club in school , he has a best friend kyle , and he amires the girl -LRB- amy hargreaves -RRB- next door to him . hes all alone , in a nice big house . his father is on a business trip , and things are just getting interesting for furlong , as he gets plunged into a videogame , that he found while browsing a video magazine . its called of all things , brainscan , and offers the player limitless possibiltiesles of what the player will pursue , will you be an investigator , doctor , dentist or something more purely evil ? . what brainscan developed for its time in 1994 was a chance to offer a wide broad of possibilties and to show off his great technolgy of effects , before computer animation was even achievied . and for that is interesting . while it sure lacks a few things in the horror area a bit , it does offer the viewers a chance to become whatever they want in life , although actually not becoming it . as in this case , furlong is chosen to be a murderer . what will he do , how will he do it , and will he survive?brainscan offers alot of possiabilties , but in the end , is a fun movie , but , atlas , not a great film . the plot is ok , but thers not enough punched to actually tell something more . is more of a visual effts film , with that being said , enjoy it for what it is . it was cutting edge when i first saw it back , in 1994 , but the basis of plot is not to be taken serious . its a horror film , but a fun horror movie at that . although I can said I would recommend this film , right out . it does have its moments to it . a nice scenery , a beautiful next door neighbor , but my rating then on what i give it still stands , on what i gave it.its not a really bad film , but more as a misguided one.and for that , i leave to the viewer to chose .
 Cheaply produced with poor audio ; over-the-top laughable acting ; storyline that had potential but lacked plot development , character depth and believability . Probably just not enough money , time and commitment to making this movie as good as it 's potential .
 My goodness , this is probably the worst film I have seen as a critic and as a moviegoer in 33 years.The story is supposedly about a prison farm in which woman are being used as sex slaves . Some guy gets `` hired '' I guess to run the place and begins to feel sympathy for the women , so he takes down all the bad guys.The film is shot on what looks like a hand-held 1980 's camcorder . It jumps from scene to scene with no transition . Random people just appear out of nowhere that have nothing to do with the plot . The main character 's acting performance consists of him squinting into the camera lens as close as possible about 500 times.There are parts of the film in which the dialogue is inaudible or there is no dialogue at all , so it is impossible to even find humor in this film . With many `` scary '' movies that are produced , they can be redeemed by stretches of unintentional amusement . Not this one . This is WORSE than watching `` Ishtar , '' `` Heaven 's Gate , '' and Vanilla Ice 's `` Cool as Ice '' on a continuous loop .
 Save your money , this movie is terrible . No real plot , long , boring , actors are unknown and ca n't act , very low budget movie . I would n't get this movie if it were free !
 I can not even put into words the agonizing despair I wallowed in while watching this movie . If you told me they 'd filmed this with high-school video club equipment and spent 30 cents a piece on acting lessons , I would have believed you ... I would have been amazed.The people who filmed the TV show `` Homeboys in Outer Space '' should have won a grammy if this is what film making has come down to . You 'd be better off renting the `` Meatballs '' series and watching them repeatedly , while smacking yourself in the face with something slimy and painful.Not to hate on the filmmakers ... because I 'm sure they 're going to read this ... hopefully while looking for new occupations ... but come on ? Are you serious?Henry Winkler ... who by the way I never saw , because I turned the movie off before I auto asphyxiated ... should officially relinquish his reputation as The Fonz . Of course , what did I expect after the `` Scream '' movies?If Ted Danson was n't cool when he filmed `` Made in America '' ... what the hell did he think THIS was going to do for his career ? Do agents even read scripts anymore?This actually made `` Malibu 's Most Wanted '' funny . This actually made the WB funny . Of course , I should have known better , when the same three people -LRB- neither one of them Danson OR Winkler -RRB- produced , executive produced , wrote , designed , acted in , and wrote the theme music . Keep an eye out for this during the opening credits people ... it 's a good clue to turn it off.I could go on forever , but that would be giving this movie too much credit . I 've seen porn movies filmed in the laundry rooms of tenemant slum buildings . . wait ... err . . i 've HEARD of porn movies filmed in the laundry rooms of tenemant slum buildings ... that were Gone With the Wind compared to this movie.If you want to see something really hilarious ... you should go to `` www.imdb.com '' and read the rave reviews people gave this movie ... one guy actually THANKED the producers for bringing it to the screen.You just wait until I complete the bureaucratic registration nonsense for THAT site ... I 'm going to make that guy wish he 'd been born with his head in a plastic bag.Props to amazon for letting people just sign in and start ranting ... first amendment THAT G.W.People should not be able to release their community college film projects in Hollywood Video . Shame on whoever `` fronted '' the money for this movie .
 This is shorter than I would expect a feature film to be . I did n't realize it was animinated , although that may be my bad . Content wise , it 's a bit shallow and too &#34; accommodating . &#34; Nothing in this about the true meaning of CHRISTmas .
 Possibly if I had never seen the live version &#34; Eloise at Christmastime &#34; I would have given animated &#34; Eloise , Little Miss Christmas &#34; a better rating , but unfortunately it just does n't hold a candle to the live version . .
 I do n't know where these other reviews came from -LRB- they are identical to the ones for drunken wu tang though -RRB- . This movie is NOT Drunken Wu Tang . I bought it under the impression that it was . Even IMDB says it is the same . It is n't do n't be fooled . It does n't even have the same actors in it !!!!!!! The IMDB web page is wrong ! The info page on amazon is also wrong !
 Please do n't do what i did . When you first glimps at the movie box , you see two long haird men who look pretty interesting . But once you watch the movie you realize there not in it . The movie seems like a martial arts film meets the muppets . There are no real exciting fights , instead they filled the movie with senseless and annoying characters . Theres the drunken guy , the Drunken guys friend , the Devil , a crotch biting robot , Porcupine man , who lasts about 3 minutes -LRB- so what was the point -RRB- . Once you put it in your vcr and hit play , youll begin to feel the cheated , cheap feeling that im sure many others have felt like me . Viewer beware ! this movie is awful
 It will not play on a standard DVD player of any type . It will only play on your PC and allow it internet access to check the '' license '' . So unless you like watching movies on the computer -LRB- as oppposed to on your tv -RRB- do not get this disc . Most disappointing . Bad technology .
 This * was * an awesome DVD . I purchased it some time ago and got the 2 disc version with the WMV HD -LRB- high def -RRB- release . I watched it on my PC and it was truly amazing . . but now a year or so later and a new PC , it no longer works . You put the DVD in , and it tries to validate at syncast.com , which no longer exists ! The DVD can not be viewed without the flippin DRM validation ! WHAT A RIP OFF !!!!! I am so p * ssed off - they could at least provide some way of removing the validation requirement , but noooo , too greedy and too unethical to do that . This is why I refuse to buy any software with DRM that requires activation or limited installs . No wonder these companies are being sued .
 This product is a rip off !! This hd dvd is licsense restricted and the licensing is no longer supported by the producers/distributors/or microsoft -LRB- the developers of the format -RRB- . The websites do not even exist anymore for this format . I cant believe that Amazon would actually allow this to be sold on this site !!! I have spent countless hours doing research and contacting people to get this dvd to work , and the responsable parties can not be contacted in any way that i have found . Defiinatly a major let-down . in order to watch this title buy the blu-ray version .
 I bought the two-disk version of the movie as a gift . Because of DRM stuff , the DVD does not play . You have to get a license from syncast.com in order to watch the movie , but syncast.com is no longer functioning .
 Let 's see
 I liked the movie for some of the history and background on surfing , but the movie is geting a little old . And not `` classic '' old like the endless summer ...
 Footage at Cortez Bank is the only thing that saves this movie . Would not recommend .
 I bought this this disc to view overseas but the online licensing really sucks ! I get a reject message everytime . Firstly you need to be located in the U.S. / Cananda and secondly , it has to be renewed periodically . I had no problems with at all with the Coral Reef Adventure . The distributors and licensing companies had better take a long hard review of their licensing policies .
 Seriously this is spilling over with random opinions and ramblings of personal experience . Its a hollywood take on surfing . If you want see a surf movie with soul go watch `` Singlefin
 This movie makes a good first impression , but it 's not anything I have to watch again . Ironically , though one of the key points of the movie is not to take surfing -LRB- or life -RRB- too seriously , the movie takes itself too seriously . Not as funny as Endless Summer I & II , and too many pieces about a very , very small aspect of surfing - Wisconsin AND Texas , the paralyzed , the bring Ireland together bit and Vietnam father/son boding , mixed in with tow-in surfing . The tow-in surf does not come in a cohesive form but is instead scattered througout . It 's as if surfing is about nothing but tow-in and using surfing to bring world peace . The meandering style of this movie also renders it useless as surf porn , even on mute.If you want a real surf movie , that is entertaining to watch and gets to the essence of what surfing is really about without trying too damn hard at it , check out Shelter and Thicker Than Water.If you 're not a surfer and just insterested in what the hub bub is about , Step IL is made for you .
 The voice over sounds like the guy from the hoky motivational videos everyone had to watch in high school . This is an overly-sentimental piece of sh*t . Some , and only some , of the visuals are really incredible -LRB- the tow-in scenes -RRB- . . the rest is a feel-good , surfers-are-awesome waste of time . I love to surf ... for my own reasons . It 's not because I need to feel like a part of a big `` community '' . For authentic , thought-provoking surf films , check out `` thicker than water '' , `` brokedown melody '' and `` september sessions '' . Save `` step into liquid '' for the people who fall all over themselves for the next predictable hollywood offering .
 I ordered this as a christmas present for my dad ... the DVD will start to play , then stop suddenly . At first i thought it was my parent 's DVD player , it is not . I took the DVD home to watch it on one of my -LRB- 3 -RRB- DVD players ... same problem . It will start to play , then skip . We ended up turning it off after about 20 minutes .
 Step Into Liquid tries too hard to accomplish something spectacular . Like so many surf movies before it , it tries to `` capture the essence '' of surfing . Dana Brown tries to capture what it means to be a surfer by demonstrating surfers from all walks of life . Other than this , the movie has no cohesiveness ; it 's just a bunch of random people talking about something they happened to love to do - surfing . Dana Brown 's tiring narration sounds like the equivalent of a sports announcer who dropped out of high school . Sadly , the script and production of this movie work against the very thing it sets out to do -- kill the stereotype of the slacker surfer beach bum duuuuuude . Here 's an idea , Dana
 the HD version requires a license that is only valid for USA and Canada ... and I made the mistake of living in Portugal!I 'm been trying over and over -LRB- and over -RRB- xN again to get it but ... zip!be carefull ! do n't let your entusiasm for HD video fool you!these guys from ARTISAN are very `` professional '' ...
 Interesting overall on the many aspects and location of surfing
 Unfortunately , when we opened up the 2-disk set , we were disappointed to see both disks are disk 2 of 2 , and that disk 1 was missing .
 This might be a great surf movie if you live in Nebraska.Way too many faux long boarders and Blue Crush wannabe surf chicks.Yes , the tow-in scenes were cool , but the rest was poor . I cansee better surfing every day down at my local .
 I 'M VERY VERY BORED WITH THIS WMV HD DVD BECAUSE I CA N'T SEE IN MY COMPUTER BECAUSE I LIVE IN EUROPE I 'VE BUYED IT AT AMAZON AND THEY SEND ME A WMV HD DVD ONLY PLAYABLE IN USA AND CANADA.I 'VE TRIED BUY ANOTHER STEP INTO LIQUID PLAYABLE IN EUROPE AND I COULD NOT GET.I 'VE ALREADY BUYED ALL I 'M SAYING ALL WMV HD AVAIABLE AT AMAZON AND AND I CAN SEE ALL OF THEM AT MY COMPUTER , ONLY and ONLY THIS STEP INTO LIQUID IS NOT PLAYABLE IN EUROPE WHAT IS VERY BORING.RUI MARTINS - RUMAVIDEO
 First off , the full version of Kelly Slater pro surfer IS NOT INCLUDED , that was the reason I bought the DVD.This movie is for KOOKS and NON SURFERS , it is boring and lame . No real surfing , nothing intense , nothing special . Buy another DVD .
 This is one of the worst surf movies ever ! I mean all of the footage comes from other surf movies that are much much better , and it does not go into enough depth about the strapped crew . It says that laird hamilton and dave kalama are the onlt two apart of the crew , but there are about 10 more surfers in the actual crew . I have to say that also the guy who made this film did not do it very well . I mean you would expect Bruce Browns 's son to make a better surf movie than this . -LRB- Bruce Brown made one of the best surf films of all time `` The Endless Summer '' series . Sorry but the person who made this film should know more about surfing before they make a film on it .
 Cyber Surfing ? Why not go to the mall instead ?
 This has to be the worst movie I 've ever seen in my LIFE . I would of had more joy out of taking a vacation to the middle east , no wonder Bin Landin wants to fly planes into us , we make stupid retard movies that only mongoloids would enjoy . If you enjoyed this movie do your mom a huge favor and never talk to her again and leave her a note how you killed yourself that way when some one asks her about her kids she can at least say with pride my kid is dead rather then my kid is watching this movie .
 In this movie , the bank robbers and their hostages -LRB- FROM DUSK TIL DAWN -RRB- find an old slaughterhouse -LRB- TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE -RRB- where the killer -LRB- TOWN THAT DREADED SUNDOWN/FRIDAY THE 13TH pt2 -RRB- imitates scenes from -LRB- HALLOWEEN -RRB- ... This whole thing stunk . Funny thing is though , watch the featurette to the director praise himself on every detail of the movie you found either really annoying or just plain awful.I know we the horror genre audience owe a great debt to Anchor Bay Entertainment , but you have to keep it honest , and honestly these reviews are giving this film too much credit.Go ahead and rent it , you 'll regret you did , then turn to your friend and say , `` it wasnt that bad '' but you know it was .
 One day there will be a new horror film that does n't borrow from any other film . `` Malevolence '' is `` Halloween '' . We have a child killer -LRB- Remember Micheal Meyers -RRB- who grows up to be a grown up killer . -LRB- Sorry if I spoiled it for you -RRB- Who senselessly hacks anyone who gets in the way . The music is almost identical to that of Halloween Oh yeah I almost forgot . The killer wears a mask . DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME THIS MOVIE IS HORRIBLE !
 I feel that ever since Wes Craven came out with `` Scream , '' there have been a whole lot of seemingly scary movies being scraped up from obvious sources . Malevolence is part `` Halloween , '' part `` Texas Chainsaw Mass. '' so much that it 's predictable , which made me uninterested after half of it 's viewing . The premise is that a bank robbery goes wrong between 3 guys and a girl . One of the guys escapes alone and ends up kidnapping a mother and daughter in their minivan and ties them up and keeps them in an abandoned house not far from serial killer territory . There could have been so much more depth , intensity , and just plain better acting between these characters and with this story . Since I saw `` Halloween '' a few times over the past 12 years , this serial killer 's demeanor and look was a close copy of Michael Myers , but the mask was a little more KKK . The sound effects where also straight from Halloween . But if you 've seen Halloween and thought it was scary , do n't expect this one to be equally scary . So , my advise would be that if you 're in your mid - to late 20s or older and you 've seen the classic horror films , do n't waste your time with this . If you 're a teenager who 's never seen or heard of `` Halloween , '' just rent it . It 's better than Malevolence .
 If I 'm not mistaken , this movie was released straight-to-video . I 've never seen a s-2-v movie I liked , so I 'm not sure why I thought this would be an exception . I had read an extremely inaccurate synopsis on the internet for this movie , but it had sounded good so I rented it . This movie is terrible . I 've seen a lot of bad theatrical horror films , this movie does n't even deserve a theatrical release . But , I must admit . It had a few good elements -LRB- hence , my 2 stars -RRB- . The music -LRB- composed by writer & director Stevan Mena -RRB- is really good , like `` Halloween '' & `` Friday the 13th '' good . Some of the uses of the music during scenes where the killer appears are pretty effective . But this movie sucked from the beginning . It begins with a little kid -LRB- who we 've already seen has been missing -RRB- watching a man kill a young girl in a basement/torture chamber . Then 10 years later , we meets Kurt -LRB- Richard Glover -RRB- , Marilyn -LRB- Heather Magee -RRB- , Max -LRB- Keith Chambers -RRB- , and Julian -LRB- Brandon Johnson -RRB- . Marilyn and Max are siblings . Marilyn and Julian are lovers . They four plan to rob a bank and after they do -LRB- apparently the budget was n't big enough to film the robbery -RRB- Max is dead and Kurt is heading to the meeting spot , a secluded `` deserted '' house in the middle of nowhere.When Max was shot , I was compelled to write a thank-you note to the writer , because Keith Chambers is one of the worst actors I 've ever seen . This man should be shot . Anyway , as Marilyn and Julian stop to bury Max 's body . Kurt drives to the house when his tire blows . Kurt -LRB- dressed in the same jumpsuit he robbed the bank in and holding two bags of cash ... What a dumb a $ $ -RRB- jacks a car that contains a young mother named Samantha -LRB- Samantha Dark -RRB- and her daughter Courtney -LRB- Courtney Bertolone -RRB- . Why does Samantha have a English accent ? Anyway , Kurt takes the young mother and daughter to the house , when Courtney manages to escape . Kurt runs after her , leaving Samantha in the house . Kurt ends up at another house -LRB- the setting of the torture chamber -RRB- and is killed . The killer takes one of Kurt 's money bags and uses it as his mask . Marilyn and Julian then arrive at the meeting spot to find Samantha and most of their money missing . Insert next cliche here . Anyway , at the end of the movie we find out who the killer is . Never before have I known exactly what was going to happen before it did , writer Mena does n't even bother to add something in at the end to make us go `` wow , now that 's a twist . '' Instead , after `` discovering '' the identity of the killer ; we are given yet another `` I saw it forty minutes ago '' twist . I think Stevan Mena should stick to scoring horror films rather than writing them . Seriously , folks . Do n't waste your time.GRADE
 Martin Bristol was taken from his backyard when he was six years old , and became the innocent puppet of a deranged psychopath . Ten years later , the somewhat less than well adjusted Martin is living the legacy of his captor . Julian -LRB- Brandon Johnson -RRB- , Marilyn -LRB- Heather Magee -RRB- , and Kurt -LRB- Richard Glover -RRB- are bank robbers who , after botching an attempt at their crime , are seeking refuge from the authorities . Grabbing a mother and her daughter as hostages during a car switch , they head out to an abandoned home in the middle of nowhere where they will become the hunted instead of the hunters.The makers of Malevolence clearly had a decent film idea in mind , it just was n't pulled off very well . Malevolence is in part an homage to the amazing stylistic techniques of Carpenter , particularly his film Halloween . However , it seems to be true that none can quite live up to the standard set by the master of creepy suspense horror . There also seem to be elements of Friday the 13th and Texas Chainsaw Massacre mixed in as well . Though a unique idea that attempted to utilize tried-and-true horror elements , the plot and script simply were devoid of entertainment value.Though there were a couple of genuine scares , mostly due to sound effects and decent camera work -LRB- both similar to Halloween -RRB- , they were few and far between . For the most part , I found this movie to be utterly boring and far too slowly paced to hold my attention . At the viewing I attended , many people simply got up and left.Being Anchor Bay 's first attempt at their own production , one can only hope that things should get better with time . Anchor Bay has a great reputation for putting out excellent DVD releases of other films , but their own productions will definitely need some work . I would suggest saving your money and renting this one instead of purchasing it .
 `` Malevolence '' is a slasher flick which borrows significantly from `` Halloween '' , `` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' and `` Friday the 13th Part 2 '' . The fact that this plagiarism is so evident leads one to believe that the makers of this film were paying homage to the classics . Maybe , but the most glaring problem with `` Malevolence '' is not so much its formulaic slasher mentality , but its monotonously generic and artificial quality created by the poor acting and poor execution that consequently results in a lack of a cohesive horror movie atmosphere which is essential to any horror movie 's success . `` Malevolence '' is big on plagiarism of classic horror movies , short on substance and nonexistant when it comes to style . Still , the easily recognizable slasher flick formular is bound to draw a smile from slasher flick lovers . `` Malevolence '' is about a group of bank robbers who plan on robbing a bank and meeting at an old house out in the middle of nowhere to split up the money . However , things do not go according to plan . When our bank robbers finally end up at this old house , something much more dangerous than the cops await them . At this point , killings begin to occur by a madman.What `` Malevolence '' does not have is character development , suspense , or any real originality to it . This is a clear result of the lack of acting ability and consequent poor execution so clearly evident in this film . Sure , the bank robber slant to the plot is a little bit different , but the actors are so inept in the way it is executed , who cares ? It 's easy to see where this movie is going . The bank robbing part of the plot is clearly incidental to the typical slasher formula so clearly evident in this film.The actors in `` Malevolence '' are clearly below average , and this shows easily from one scene to the next . It 's almost like the actors were performing in a high school play at times . The acting comes across as artificial , lifeless and against the grain so to speak . They really struggled with the making of this movie , apparently . The result is a rather poorly executed movie overall that does not flow well from scene to scene . It 's fine to be a low-budget slasher flick , but it 's hard to make them work unless you have a great director who has a harrowing vision of what he wants.That being said , `` Malevolence '' does just enough with what it has to be referred to as a typical slasher flick , and a very fair to average one at best . Ironically , perhaps what saves `` Malevolence '' is its attempt to get back to the basics of the slasher flick formula . Indeed , while `` Malevolence '' has little originality to it , the movie does borrow from some of the classics causing the viewer to be interested in the movie from that basis alone . Therefore , it 's not so much the easily recognizable slasher flick formula that brings `` Malevolence '' down -LRB- although limitations with this formuala are inevitable -RRB- , but it is the acting , execution of the plot and screenplay and the artificial and unnatural flow to the movie itself which brings the movie down.That said , `` Malevolence '' stays within itself and does not try to do too much , perhaps realizing the limitations of its cast and the movie in general . `` Malevolence '' borrows from `` Halloween '' some variation of the theme music at times . For instance , when the camera hits the slasher-villain , that little evil tune starts , a la Michael Myers in `` Halloween '' . Obviously , `` Malevolence '' is not nearly as effective as portraying this sinister quality of the villain . Sometimes , you just have to smile and laugh about the plagiarism . Also , the viewer will notice that the slasher-villain shows up in the background at times just outside of the characters ' peripheral vision , another steal from `` Halloween '' . Also , `` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' is represented by the old farmhouse with human bones so clearly evident along with bones of a bull and other animals . If you listen closely , the viewer can hear the pans clanging in the background , a clear homage to `` TCM '' , or dare I say , highway robbery ?? Finally , let 's not forgot the hood from `` Friday the 13th Part 2 '' , which is the least borrowed from horror movie , but it 's clearly evident that the makers of `` Malevolence '' borrowed this from `` Friday the 13th Part 2 '' because the killer almost looks exactly like Jason with the hood on.Notwithstanding , its generic slasher formula , almost unbearable acting flaws , and plagiarism of some of the all-time great horror movies , `` Malevolence '' is not so bad that it is unwatchable . In fact , if you find yourself up really late at night , you could do a lot worse than this slasher as there are some fairly good death scenes with some brutality and , well , if you 're like me , you like slashers and you will watch them for what they are and understanding what they are not.Therefore , if you do not like slashers , STAY CLEAR from `` Malevolence '' , but if you are in the mood for a rather amusing but NOT scary slasher flick you might want to check `` Malevolence '' out for its blatant plagiarism of the horror classics of yesteryear . One really has to assume that this was homage being paid by the makers of `` Malevolence '' to the aforementioned classics because it was such a blatant rip-off . I 'd like to give `` Malevolence '' the benefit of the doubt . After all , how many people do the makers of `` Malevolence '' thing are going to watch this movie that have not seen `` Halloween '' , `` Friday the 13th Part 2 and `` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' ? That being said , do not expect much than an ordinary slasher flick , and you may not come away to disatisfied . Expect anything more especially with regard to the acting and execution , and you will want to throw your DVD copy of `` Malevolence '' in the garbage can .
 I was devastated after watching this film . Why ? How ? What do I have to do to get the scripts that I 've written to film?I 've been writing for a few years now and constantly my scripts are ripped apart for minor illogical incidents . Yet , nothing as ridiculous and riddled as MALEVOLENCE.AND THIS MOVIE HAS WON AWARDS !! Where do I go ? Where do I sign ? How can I get my script turned into a movie?Wow . Where do I start ? First of all . MALEVOLENCE is Texas Chainsaw Massacre , Friday the 13th , Halloween , Psyco , House of Wax , etc. etc. . I do n't mean , it 's like them , it is them . The stories . The camera shots . The music . Complete rip-offs . You will see absolutely nothing new by watching Malevolence.I understand that this is a first film by the director and the actors , but the acting is so over-delivered by everyone . Horrible scripting.An argument before a bank robbery over the fact that the girl wanted a Snow White mask instead of the Werewolf mask . Completely unnecessary . An argument in a script to get across that the people are wearing characters masks ... is not needed when you can see it visually.A mother and her daughter are abducted and despite the fact that the daughter is able to wiggle from her restraints and run free , the mother ca n't . Yet , the mother , after watching her daughter run away being chased by a murderer and watching a brutal murder ... she is apparently narcoleptic because she manages to SLEEP ! Soundly ... numerous times.She also manages to wiggle her way into a closed closet , despite having her hands tied behind her back.The mother knows there is a crazed knife wielding murderer out there and her daughter is missing , yet she never gets emotional until she finds her daughters shoe . Then , she whimpers , for a second and they cut to the next shot and she 's fine again.Oh , of course , the knife wielding murderer slaughters everyone he comes in contact with , but of course he decides only to restrain the ONE guy who can save the day.Just because you turn the music up really loud every time GUNNYSACK face appears in the woods , does n't make it scary.Neither is a wall display of bones and a large animal head . Which is never explained ... I might add.Our killer is a major weeney who gets cold-cocked by a 12 year old girl and knocked out by a chair to ... HIS BACK?At the end of the film , the camera is set on a close up of 2 officers who says things to elude that they are looking upon a devastatingly huge amount of corpses and the numerous amount of missing person cases to be solved ... and the camera pulls out to show 7 bodies . An 8th is brought out.I 'm sorry . Lately I 've been really upset at the weak quality of movies that we are being subjected to . There are so much better scripts and movies to be made out there and the studios are n't looking past themselves and their friends and it 's appalling.There are many many many writers out there with original ideas and far better scripts . PLEASE STUDIOS ... look harder !! FIND THESE PEOPLE AND QUIT CHEATING US with run of the mill trash .
 The recently released indy horror flick ` Malevolence ' has , at its core , a very interesting concept . Unfortunately , this interesting idea is pushed into the background of the film and instead is turned into your run-of-the-mill slasher flick.There are some good points to ` Malevolence ' . The film 's cinematography is quite good . There 's good camera work and a nice creepy mood is prevalent throughout . The sets are well done and there are a few good scares too . But then the actor 's have to speak and that 's when this film goes to crap.The script , while an interesting idea , is poorly written and the actor 's do n't help at all by being extremely annoying . Pile on the sometimes confusing editing and numerous continuity errors and the movie itself becomes irritating . ` Malevolence ' would have been better off telling the story of the young boy , Martin Bristol , who was kidnapped and trained to be a serial killer . But instead of concentrating on this interesting aspect of the film , it instead focuses on a few annoying bank robbers who happen to cross paths with Martin.I had high hopes for the well-packaged ` Malevolence ' but was disappointed . Its not the worst horror flick I 've seen but its not the best . Either way I ca n't really recommend it . But the filmmakers do obviously have some talent . If they can get some better actors and find a more focused script , I think that they could produce a quality film .
 MALEVOLENCE has one good idea . An idea so solid , so creepy , so chilling that had writer / director Stevan Mena capaitilized on it ... then this film would surely go down as one of the best ever made . As it stand , MALEVOELNCE is just another horror film , neither as good as , or as bad as many others on the market right now . What 's good about it ? The core idea - that of Martin Bristol being kidnapped at age six and forced to live with , and learn from a killer sadist which warps and twists the boy into a future killer himself ... but the trouble here is that Mena glosses over this . We get one killing , one wide eyed shot and then we suddenly jump ship to the `` present day '' and our story goes from there ... and it 's not much of a story . Seen a film involving bank robbery ? Then you 've seen this film as well ... tensions between the robbers , raltionship issues , money problems , guns , goofy masks , gunshots , double crosses , kidnapping and the oldest of all old chestnuts , one of the fleeing robbers gets a flat tire at the `` wrong moment '' which leads us to our first killing . I do n't mind routine . I do n't mind reworked themes turned in new ways ... but nothing in this film seems to relate to the central premise behind ... that of this six year old boy kidnapped , and twisted into a monster . We get nothing on this end . He 's just a monster . Just another masked Mike Myers , Jason or Freddy , without the wit , and a much lower body count . There are some moments here -LRB- while the performances are uneven , they are not bad , and the Mena does manage to pull off some nice shots -RRB- , but they are far and few , and most of the time you 'll be wondering just what happned to Martin Bristol and why . Again , a great opening act , but sadly a crackerjack idea left too deep in the shadows .
 This movie is bad , really bad.Bad directing , bad acting , bad writing , bad pacing , bad cinimatography , bad lighting.Bad enough to ruin a life.A plague of badness on a Biblical scale.Well maybe not that bad , but lord knows it was n't good.Run away from this movie as if your very soul depended on it.I think it just might .
 If it were possible to give zero stars , I 'd consider it . This is without a doubt the worst horror movie I 've ever seen . Movies like Alone In The Dark and The Clown at Midnight are sheer works of art compared to this movie.Being completely unoriginal is n't the film 's worst sin . That would be not only robbing scenes from other movies , but putting them together haphazardly , and filling the movie with actors who spend the entire movie chewing the scenery . What little effort is made to develop characters simply develops them into characters you hope will not escape the crazy guy with the knife ... Are we sure that this script was n't written by a room full of monkeys with typewriters ? They may not be up to Shakespeare , but I think they could have penned a better movie than this one .
 I love horror movies but this is not one I would even recommend to some one to spend the time to watch . .
 This was a big disappointment . Three uninteresting characters rob a bank , take two boring hostages , and end up being pursued by the lamest killer in the history of horror movies . This wussy Jason rip off gets kicked in the nuts by a twelve year old girl on several occasions . Not scary , not bloody , not funny , no nudity , no jokes.A shame , really , because I like the premise . -LRB- criminals stalked by a psychopath -RRB-
 Malevolence is a horror movie that tells the tale of a deranged lunatic that tortures and kills women . The story touches on Martin Bristol a six year old boy that was kidnapped over ten years ago and became the student of this psychotic killer . The story has another plot going as well about four people that have committed a bank robbery and are on the run . One of the robbers in an attempt to get away car jacks a women and her young daughter and takes them to an abandoned house where he waits for the other bank robbers to arrive . The story gets really creepy and confusing and you just want it to end . I just discovered Anchor Bay Films and I 'm quickly becoming a fan , but this one just did n't do it for me . The prequel to this movie `` Bereavement '' is a much better movie , but it still lacks the gripping conclusions that I love in a good horror film , but the storylines are much more cohesive than Malevolence .
 Maybe we have seen too many horror movies but we found the film to be rather boring and in some parts slow . There are quite a few parts where the characters are running through dark woods even before they are stalked by the killer . The mother remains bound throughout most of the movie and once the little girl flees the viewer does n't see her for a while . The killer 's face is covered the vast majority of the time . Plus the very ending was predictable . The movie -LRB- like most of the reviewers have mentioned -RRB- is a rehash of other horror movies so there is not anything new or extremely well done .
 Malevolence -LRB- Stevan Mena , 2004 -RRB- Malevolence is another one of those movies I seem to be seeing a lot of recently that had all kinds of potential to be really , really good , but have one or more flaws so fatal that they drag the entire movie down . In this case , there is more than one flaw , but the one that really sealed the deal for me is the way the mystery angle is handled . There 's a certain school of thought that you can keep viewers as much in the dark as you like as long as you explain everything at the end . Certain directors can pull it off well , but the more movies like this I see , the more I realize those directors are in the minority.Plot
 Malevolence is the story of 4 young bank robbers who flea to a rural safe home after robbing a huge metropolitan bank . En route , one of the thieves is forced to carjack a lady and her daughter at a gas station , and take them to the safe house . While at the house , one of the people that was taken hostage escapes , running to the neighbors home ; the home of a hack and slash killer.The setting and scenery in Malevolence was fun to watch . It was unique and eery . But outside of that , the story offers little . Samantha Dark holds the film together , and is the only actor who does n't overact to the point that you want to scream . The rest of the cast is horrendous . Do n't expect to see them again.The movie was paced pretty good , but there were n't a lot of frights . I was scared at times , but never really on the edge of my seat . I think the reason I stayed immersed in the film was due to the setting , and Samantha Dark.The killer was old school hack and slash , complete with the big butcher knife . There were many cheesy horror cliches used in the last 30 minutes.Malevolence is a very sub-par movie in many ways . It is worth watching for the unique story and setting if you can tolerate horrible acting . It is by no means as good as most other horror films on the shelf , but worth watching for fans of the genre.You will see it , remember some parts , and might even buy it if you like the unique aspects.Total Score -LRB- out of 100 -RRB- = 3917 -LRB- out of 50 -RRB- . Enjoyment . A rating based on my overall enjoyment of the film .4 -LRB- out of 10 -RRB- . Acting . How good was the acting ? 7 -LRB- out of 10 -RRB- . Immersion . Did the movie suck me into the story ? 7 -LRB- out of 10 -RRB- . Intangibles . Special effects . Movie pace . Is the movie forgettable , or something you will talk about and remember for weeks ? Years ? 3 -LRB- out of 10 -RRB- . Must see . Is this movie worth seeing/renting ? 1 -LRB- out of 10 -RRB- . Must buy . Is this movie a must buy/purchase ?
 I do n't quite see the connection to The Texas Chainsaw Massacre or Friday The 13th in this movie!It by no means comes close . A young boy , Martin , is taken from his home at an early age by a psycho . Jump to 10 years later when Martin is now a disturbed soul after what he suffered at the hands of the psycho . We then see a group of bank robbers who are now seeking refuge . They end up taking a mother and daughter as hostages going to an abandoned home . We find what seemed to be an abandoned plant not so abandoned for a madman is living there . Plot is boring at times and the acting is not too good . This is an easily forgettable movie . Not good as I expected it to be.Rent it if you are curious but I would n't suggest buying this film .
 Hey Yall , im writing this review to warn people about the pro 's and con 's of MALEVOLENCE , 1st let me start off by saying -LRB- and im not trying to glorify myself -RRB- i think i know a thing or two about horror movies , being fans of true horror fim creators like , fulci , romero , carpenter , argento etc. . . , knowing how a horror film should be made , . in any case heres the review , prior to MALEVOLENCE 'S release i heard so many praises to this movie about how `` it pays homage to the 70 's horror genre '' and all that junk , i found the trailer online and i wasnt impressed at all , in my head i said to myself it looks weak but non the less the day it came out i bought it , excited to see the hype that surrounded it , then about an hour and a half later THOROUGHLY dissapointed.Heres why
 The commentary on the situation of life here on earth was none too subtle . While the first one hits you with a sledge-hammer trying to convince you that humans are too violent to survive , this one hits you with a nuclear bomb to convince you of the same . There were some decent ideas in the show , but very little exploration of those ideas . It was too mired in political/social commentary through allegory . I was disappointed the most by the ending . The main character , Taylor , has been one of the few reasonable characters in the movies and seems to be working to save the world from destroying itself , but when he is dying , he is the one that gives up on humanity -LRB- and monkeymanity I guess -RRB- to nuke the whole planet . Pretty dark . I must admit that his &#34; Damn you all to hell &#34; is a classic line .
 As brilliantly original as its predecessor was , this movie is crass , features a bizarre and hard-to-swallow premise and some outlandish special effects . It lacks the rich characters of the original and seems to understand half-way through that the only way to end the bloody thing is , well , to END it . Do n't get me wrong -- I love the original PLANET OF THE APES and have great affection for several of its sequels , but I would be steering you in the wrong direction if I did not tell you -- skip this one ; stick with No. 1 and No. 3 , they are infinitely more considered . It seems as if the film-makers , surprised by the outrageous artistic and commercial appeal of the original , had to quickly throw some product out there before we lost interest .
 BENEATH is n't anywhere near as interesting or exciting as the first . I was excited to see BEANEATH but the movie soon falls apart . The main character is searching for Taylor and drags the same dumb girl from the first movie along with him on his search -LRB- after a really annoying scene where he tries to get her to speak . The scene drags on for what seems like 30 minutes -RRB- . Then , we get lots of horse chasing and running away from apes which seems to last about another 30 minutes . Finally , in the most exciting part of the movie , we get to see underground New York . This is the only effective scene in the movie . After that we are introduced to mutant humans with no explanation as to how they go there , what they are , and why they are . Once we meet these mutants , BENEATH becomes a full blown B movie with over the top acting and ear piercing church songs .
 Brent one of Taylor 's old friends crashes much the same way that Taylor did , and procedes to look for him . Soon he meets Nova . -LRB- Ever notice that her legs are shaved ? Where did she get that razor ? from the monkies ha ... -RRB- Brent undergoes the same basic treatment that Taylor received at the hands of the apes . Soon afterwards he escapes and finds that The Planet of the Apes is actually Earth when he stumbles onto the Greensboro subway . From there he meets a race of humanoids who worship the doomsday device and when they take off their faces look like un-masked Darth Vaders . Weirdness ensues.The movie is however rather weak . The ending of the movie is somewhat unfulfilling . Well actually very unfullfilling . Brent 's experience with the apes is just a rehash of the first movie . Overall the movie was just really boring and many of the events were not at all well explained . It was just a very mediocre movie and nothing compared to the first movie.Though I would just like to point out some irony
 This sequel could have been so much better . Mind readers ?? It was very dry in a lot of places . It finally came alive when Heston came on screen . Fitting ending and should have stayed that way . The rest of the sequels are dogs !
 I was never a big fan of the original Planet of the Apes , but man this sequel makes that film look like a piece of genius . Honestly , Beneath is ineptly directed , poorly acted , with a script that makes gets a little too silly , even in a film of this sort . Charlton Heston 's presence is also sorely missed , despite appearing in the first and last ten minutes . James Franciscus does his best to make his character interesting , but the script brings him down.The make-up effects the second time around are slightly below par in this film , some of the sets are very dated , though , and the movie still has a campy look and feel . Perhaps it 's the fact that the apes ' voices do n't fit the actual look.I would have been willing to give this film a 2 star rating if not for the horrendous ending , which is quite laughable in its execution . It 's almost as if though the writer/director hoped to top the chilling -LRB- though fairly predictable -RRB- final scene to the first film . Instead , they came up with one of the worst endings I 've seen in a sci-fi film in a while . What happens is -LRB- SPOILER ALERT -RRB- that Heston 's friends Nova and Brent -LRB- Franciscus -RRB- are killed by the apes , and in his anger , retaliates by setting off the nuclear bomb that destroys the entire planet . Note that the actual explosion is n't even seen ; a narrator is needed to explain everything.My opinion is that no sequel should ever have been made to the Planet of the Apes , which has a fine conclusion as it is , one that does n't need an extension on a story that has run its full course .
 -LRB- Warning ... contains some mild spoilers . -RRB- Rented this after reading a bunch of 4 & 5 star reviews that I now am absolutely convinced were written by either the writers , producers , actors , or family members of the people who made this horrible movie.How would I describe this movie ? Terrible acting , boring , and totally unconvincing in EVERY way . First , they 're supposed to be in an `` abandoned asylum '' , and it was filmed in a building that was obviously not abandoned OR was ever an asylum . -LRB- Rooms full of cheap , modern plastic furniture and LIVE plants ? In an `` abandoned asylum '' ? I do n't think so . -RRB- I had the impression that they were begrudgingly given permission to film in a community center or a school somewhere that was undergoing some renovations , but were told to not touch or move anything that was there , so they really could n't do anything to try to make it actually look like an abandoned asylum . The setting was so terrible it was actually distracting to the story.Second , the characters do things that no one would EVER do . One of them suddenly and inexplicably becomes catatonic to the point to being almost comatose , and the other characters reactions are n't to even TRY to CALL FOR AN AMBULANCE like normal people would do ... but to drag her back to her room and leave her in a sleeping bag on the floor . And another character gets dragged off screaming and disappears in front of two of the others , and their reaction is ... `` he 's gone ... let 's take his flashlight in case ours runs out of batteries . '' WTF ? Seriously?Don ' t waste a second of your time on this tripe . Horrible .
 Maybe an emotional response is what some movies ' aim is , but I 'm ready to call some agents and personally request they fire these guys . I was ready to throw my tv out the window I was so annoyed by these guys . The movie sucked . The acting sucked . The end sucked . It was an decent attempt by the director to make a movie comparable to todays horror/thrillers , but id rather pour lemon juice in my eye than to watch this again
 Good lord , this movie is The Most Annoying Thing You Will Ever Watch . This is so bad . More obnoxious than scary and the `` sending people into a mental hospital with cameras '' schtick is getting old . Like , at least 20 years old . Remember the show `` Fear '' on mtv way back in the day ? That was WAY more scary than this pile . There 's a reason nobody has seen this movie . It 's awful . It 's painfully mediocre , which is the worst because you ca n't even laugh at it . It 's pathetic . HATED it !
 This movie was incredibly irritating . I understand that the lines were not scripted and that it was based on improvisation , but all the actors speaking over each other nonstop made this unwatchable for me .
 Okay , I came into this film thinking that it would be nice to watch and I was even expecting some corniness . What I didnt expect was the horrible acting especially by the person who plays the character Lena . All she did was yell non-stop and I was hoping she would be the first to die . I stopped watching after 30 minuets simply because she ruined the whole experience for me . WOULD have been a cool plot line and overall movie if it didnt have her character in it .
 Boring from the beginning to the end . I do n't mind bad acting but these guys are worse than watching a high school play . If you like the premiss I highly recommend Grave Encounters .
 If you like fat , screaming American girls , this movie is for you . They use their vocal chords in replace of their acting skills .
 The acting was n't the best and did n't really have a great story line and did n't explain much they just had random things occur or jump out at you . They had a good idea but did n't take it all the way . I have seen better .
 Didn t even watch it because the other one sucked so much I would rather be shanked in the throat 38 times with a sharped toothbrush than to put myself through that again IS this enough words for your fake as buying bitch as friend too
 Why this show was so disappointing in comparison to her earlier work .1 . Her excruciating comic timing . Margaret makes bad jokes and not-so-funny faces , and when the audience does n't go for it , she continues , hoping for the eventual applause . She gets it , all right -- but it 's more of a get-on-with-it clapping .2 . The Preaching to the Choir factor . I 'll admit it
 I typically love Margaret Cho and her wicked sense of humor . Her edgy , sardonic , volatile way with words has always appealed to me . Unfortunatly , With Assassin , Cho has lost that charm . I actually sat down expecting to CRACK UP , but I found myself only chuckling a few times and one of the times was when Margaret famously imitated her mother-which is standard Cho . I agree with all of Margaret 's political views and I find her opinions refreshing . I find myself feeling ostricized in my small-town community for having the views that I do , and it is incredibly soothing to find celebrities and people in the spotlight who can vocalize what I am always thinking . She vocalized everything ... But , it was just too much for a comedy routine . I wanted to laugh more ! If I was having a group discussion with Margaret , I would have appreciated her input and the views she expressed in this routine , but for a comedy routine it was lackluster.Not really recommended unless you want to hear someone vent about Bush .
 I really loved Margaret Cho 's first two concert films - `` I 'm the One I That I Want '' -LRB- 2000 -RRB- and `` Notorious C.H.O. '' -LRB- 2001 -RRB- . She has always been a gifted storyteller , and some of her jokes about her family as well as her riffs on sex were hilarious . Somewhere in between these two films and `` Margaret Cho
 Not anything particularly new and exciting here , just the same cliches you now get in the multi-cultural university . How could anyone say that she is the comedian attacking the right ? Are you living in a cave ? She is doing the same routines that about 95 % of the comedians in the country are doing now . The only difference is her Asian KKK membership . She is more interesting in promoting hate than tolerance , scapegoating white males for everything . For example , the existence of sexism is somehow the fault of WM despite the fact that sexism has a recorded history far longer in India , the Middle East and East Asia than is does in Europe . Yet somehow the origin and existence of sexism anywhere in the world is the result of `` whiteness '' . This highlights her flaw -- she promotes and provides anger , not analysis , not why or how something happened , and certainly no humor . People like Chris Rock and Dave Chappelle managed to effectively tackle racism without being racist themselves and while managing to be funny and original .
 Margaret Cho has been one of my faves for quite awhile . I was telling my wife that if she stopped doing impressions of her mom that she would be done , and it happened . Instead of being funny and poking fun at the right wing tactfully , she just comes off with vulgar language . Many times she is waiting for the audience to get what she thinks is funny . She pauses and nervously goes into her next tirade . I think gays are cool . I am not much into politics , but this was really , really bad . It is something if I ca n't even sit through 30 minutes of it . If I could have given a more negative score I would have . Any fans of her old material will be VERY dissapointed . Do not buy or rent this garbage . Dave Chapelle gets more laughs in 3 seconds than I did watching 30 minutes of this . It is one thing to be vulgar but funny . She was just vulgar . He career is plummeting .
 ... because it mainly sticks to its own , preaching to the converted in a handful of major urban areas instead going out into the heartland and interacting with the large majority of the population -- its appeal only becomes narrower and narrower.Ditto with Margaret Cho , I 'm sorry to say . I loved her first DVD concert , `` I 'm The One I Want '' -- the material was fresh and daring for the most part , despite the occasional maudlin detour into pop-psychology bathos -LRB- `` poor me , they told me I was fat ! '' -RRB- . However with each new DVD , Margaret seems to be mainly recycling the same old punchlines and hooks , and most worrisome of all , seemingly ALWAYS TO THE SAME ULTRA-FRIENDLY HOME AUDIENCE !!! It reminds me a bit of GW Bush of all people -- all of his appearances are carefully planned with the audience carefully prescreened and limited to enthusiastic Republican supporters . The result being that Bush often appears to live inside a bubble and makes sense only to himself and his endless sea of stooges and ardent fans.There is a annoying clubbiness about Cho 's whole approach , which you can see in the first 5-10 minutes of these DVDs , when the camera gets in the face of her adoring fans standing in line , all of them gushing about how absolutely cool and bad-@ss Margaret is ... ick ! So much narcissistic self-congratulation , and it all stinks of some vague desperation
 I 've enjoyed much of Cho 's past work , but this time around nothing was funny . Even she did n't seem to be enjoying the material on this outing . She just keeps feeding the audience the same tired routine -LRB- hate Bush love us -RRB- and the audience just goes insane.It 's just not entertaining .
 The problem with this dvd is it is just not entertaining . Margaret goes on a political rant rather than performing true comedy . Suffice to say she is anti-bush . She can substitute the word Bush for Clinton , It still wo n't be funny . Margaret forgets she is a comedian . She should not use the stage as her political forum regardless of either to the right of left of political views . Perform comedy , not name calling . I am just flat out bored watching this DVD . Not recommended .
 I 've enjoyed past live performances by Margaret Cho and was really looking forward to watching her latest . This one seemed * a lot * more focused on gay culture and ` being gay ' in today 's America than her previous performances and got a bit tiring after the first 30 minutes . Maybe it 's just that she 's peaked and is now headed down , maybe it was the audience she was performing in front of ... but I was disappointed and will likely not watch another one by her .
 They tried to force Cho down our throats about 10 years ago . Yeah , that worked . In my opinion she is flat out just not funny . Period . If I have to see her doing another impression of her mother -LRB- the squinting of the eyes and screaming pigeon English into the microphone -RRB- I can not take it . Now her act seems to be her just rambling on about herself , not only is her current act not engaging it would be torture if I was actually with her one on one and had to listen to this crap . I think she is basically for the hardcore left crowd now . Other comics of course have had acts that had real overt points of view from the left like Bill Hicks except he was FUNNY .
 a couple of years ago i bought the 3-pack dvd set with cho 's first three stand up dvds and i loved each one of them . all three were funny . i wanted to buy assassin but something told me to wait . then one day at blockbuster my mom told me to pick a couple of things out and when i saw assassin , i was like , cool i 'll rent it to see if it 's any good . my mom wanted to turn it off after 10 minutes , bored , but i , loving miss cho as much as i do , made her sit through the first half hour . i was so sad because i love margaret and wanted to love it but just could n't . we still have it for like another week and i plan on watching the rest of it alone to see if it gets any better , but from the first half hour , i can tell it probably wont .
 Me and my girlfriend are both big fan 's of Margret Cho , so we were thrilled to get the chance to see this routine live . Three or four drinks later and this was still an abomination to humor that does none of her earlier work justice . If you want a political sermon , watch this DvD . You will learn such interesting tidbits like Bush is a stupid jerk ... for an hour.Look , it is n't that I disagree with the political message . I too think that Bush is an idiot , that gay marriage should be legal , and pretty much everything else that she advocates for . The issue is that I do n't watch Margret Cho to have someone parrot back my beliefs . It is n't like she is some great left wing philosopher who will provide new deep insight into liberal ideology . Margret Cho is a comedian that I watch to laugh ... and laughing is the last thing you are going to do while watching this . Occasionally you might chuckle , but how many bad Bush is dumb jokes can you take before you get bored?If you want to laugh , buy Margret Cho 's old DvD , `` I 'm the one that I want '' . You will laugh until you cry , and then laugh some more as she tells side splitting stories about sex , traveling , her family and her friends . If you want a political sermon and a few dozen Bush is dumb jokes that will be lucky to get you to chuckle once or twice , order this DvD .
 Margaret Cho USED to be so funny that you 'd gag on your own laughter . She seems to have forgotten that she 's a comedian . I do n't know if I 'd call if social or political soapboxing ... I did n't laugh once . Even the folks who paid to see her show in person are n't laughing . They clap in agreement with her views . The crazy thing is that she ^ believes ^ that she is being edgy and original . She 's just boring ... . I miss the old comedian , Margaret Cho - the entertainer .
 Margaret cho is no longer funny . this isnt stand up.this is just a liberally biased speech for 1 hour . get earlier dvds and ignore this .
 Before I finally turned it off . I had seen and liked her first thing years ago , so when my gf -LRB- a big Cho fan -RRB- picked this out I was like `` okay '' . We watched for about 15 minutes , waiting to laugh or even be slightly amused . No dice . We fast-forwarded ; more of the same.The whole show is apparently joke-free and consists of a shrill left-wing political screed using ` newsworthy ' events from 2003-2004 , interspersed with long silences and Cho making weird faces or staring dully off into space . It was sort of like being forced to watch Bill O'Reilly of Fox News fame , only if you put him in drag and made him into an anarcho-communist somehow.Very annoyingly dull , boring , and pointless . Save your time and money by staying far far away from this ! -LRB- Note - other anarcho-communists may find the show minutely entertaining , but would probably have a lot more fun by just turning on the news and righteously yelling at the stupidity -RRB- .
 This DVD was not as good as her previous ones . This one was boring not funny at all .
 This performance is not as funny as her first 2 concert films , but it is an improvement on `` Revolution '' * . She looks the best - she appears healthy and her outfit is flattering -LRB- look Ma - no sweat stains ! -RRB- . The only negative is that her routine is very topical , which may not preserve well over time . Opening act Bruce Daniels -LRB- seen as a DVD extra -RRB- is pretty funny . -LSB- * FYI , `` Revolution '' gets one , maybe one & a half stars ; I deleted my review and am unable to re-post , but most reviews echo the main point
 For all its controversy/political relevance/stereotype-challenging/what have you , `` Assassin '' just is n't very funny . It has its moments -LRB- `` Matthew 4:17 - Shut the f*ck up '' is a winner -RRB- , but her style is so overbearingly political that it more often than not just seems preachy . Throughout the sets , she alternates between her normal voice and that of a sassy black woman , the only purpose of which is to evoke nervous laughter . Even when she 's doing a good joke , it takes about 5 minutes to tell , as she is either waiting for applause or spelling out her material in a condescendingly slow fashion . The funniest parts have nothing whatever to do with the larger political message , leaving one with the feeling that she 'd do splendidly with less politically motivated material . We get it - she 's Asian , gay , and angry . You wo n't come away with much more insight than that . For wittier , more playful , and equally political satire , check out Eddie Izzard .
 In 1974 when this film was made , Japan was still strange and exotic and mysterious to most Westerners . So `` The Yakuza , '' with its implied promise of an `` expos&eacute; '' of Japan 's criminal underworld , certainly must have seemed quite daring . Well , perhaps it was in 1974 , but in 2011 , it is absolutely deadly . It moves as fast as a snail with a stick at its behind -- which is n't any faster than a snail without a stick at its behind . Its main appeal is watching Robert Mitchum as he tries to keep his eyes open and remember his lines at the same time . Bob was only about 57 when this film was made , but years of hard living make him appear at least 20 years older , and the film is so harshly lit that it looks like a cheap TV show ... which , needless to say , does n't help make Bob look any better.With a convoluted plot and character relationships that are borderline incomprehensible , it is a challenge to stick with it , and the `` payoff , '' while momentarily shocking , is n't worth the wait . What should be the film 's highlights -- rare footage of Tokyo and Kyoto , keeps getting pushed to the sidelines so we can follow the `` story '' of a man named Kilmer -LRB- Mitchum -RRB- who goes to Japan to find the kidnapped daughter of a crony -LRB- Brian Keith , at his worst -RRB- and free her -- with the help of a former yakuza -LRB- Ken Takakura , who is probably the best actor in the film -RRB- who is obligated to Kilmer for saving his sister -LRB- a charming Keiko Kishi -RRB- after the war . Or at least we think it 's his sister.Yes , there are unique moments , particularly in a bathhouse which features a huge aquarium right in the center of the bath , but again , what should entertain , delight , mystify and shock us sight-wise and culture-wise is overshadowed by a script that is dull , plodding and unintentionally hilarious.I had been told that this was a `` must-see '' for anyone interested in Japan , so I bought it . Well , you can buy it , too . Whether or not you want to after reading this review is entirely up to you ... and , perhaps the yakuza .
 One of the advantages or disadvantages of being my friend -LRB- depending on who you ask and after which film -RRB- is that I will undoubtedly make you watch a movie you might not ordinarily have chosen for yourself . Usually this works out well and we can uncover a little gem or perhaps an ambitious picture that does n't quite hit the mark but is noteworthy nonetheless . Rarely , however , do I have to apologize . Unfortunately , that 's precisely and instinctually what I did when the credits rolled on `` New York , I Love You . '' I turned to my friend and said `` I 'm sorry . '' What seemed like a ca n't miss proposition -- talented directors , top notch cast , a charming template in `` Paris , je t ` aime '' -- became one of the most disappointingly painful experiences of my movie year . Where `` Paris '' had romance and charm amidst its highbrow artiness -- `` New York '' just has self-conscious pretensions.Constructed , just like `` Paris , '' in vignettes by varying directors -- `` New York '' never succeeded in bringing a unifying sense to these disparate stories . Some were baffling , some out-of-place , some seemingly without point . The one thing they all had in common was an air of stifling self-importance . The complete lack of playfulness , humor and absurdity -LRB- or color , this is a very white New York -RRB- really does a disservice to a city of great vitality . But based on these maudlin tales , I would n't be offering this DVD up for sale at the tourism bureau . I have a feeling that those who love this movie will think that everyone else has missed the point -- perhaps are n't sophisticated enough . But having been called a film snob , seen almost everything in existence , taught graduate studies in film -- I can assure you that I did n't miss this film 's `` point . '' I missed its heart and soul.Oddly enough , the segment that sticks out like a sore thumb is Brett Ratner 's -LRB- the film 's most commercial an oddest choice of director -RRB- piece . Why ? It is the only segment with humor and an actual through-line plot . So out of place , but at least it works with a little actual feeling in its slight story . Other than that , I enjoyed exactly one other moment when international star Maggie Q avoids an attempted pick-up . `` New York , I Love You '' really is put together by talented people -- I have other films by some of the directors in my DVD collection . I wished they had attempted something less `` significant '' and more real . With Shia LaBeouf , Natalie Portman , Bradley Cooper , James Caan and the wonderful Julie Christie -- even these draws could n't bring me back to `` New York '' again . KGHarris , 9/10 .
 This movie was so boring I COULD N'T bring myself to finish it . In fact , I ca n't spend another minute writing this review . Trust me , it 's bad .
 Dumbest movie I have watched in a long time . There was no plot , no storyline , too bad all these great actors agreed to this horrible film .
 I was born in NYC , and I live in CA because the weather got too rough for me . I miss NY so much that I am always looking for a good opportunity to see movies about the city . I hated this picture ! I could not continue watching , not only because the vocabulary was limited to the characters using curse words to express themselves , but as much I watched , the dialog was puzzling , the people lustful , and I did n't want to waste my time , and submit my ears to fowl language to see how things turned out . I saw no love for NYC!New York , I Love You
 The movie is a little out of the ordinary in that it gives snap-shot views of life in NY . A lot of different lifestyles are seen in this movie , which is just like NY . Not very interesting in my opinion .
 after falling in love with the cumulative masterpiece known as `` Paris Je T'aime '' i thought the new york version would be just as amazing ... let me tell you this ... i could n't bring myself to watch the entire thing . i just did n't `` get '' the first few shorts . i felt disconnected watching them . not only did i not feel any sort of feeling remotely close to being described as `` love '' ... i did n't even feel like any of the stories were unique to new york city ... they could 've taken place anywhere . generic .
 Paris Je T'aime is 100 % Better.I was waiting for romance but was just confuse .
 One of the most annoying and phony films I have ever seen . How were the stories supposed to be related anyway ? I just sat there , waiting for something , anything , interesting to happen . What a waste of time . The dialogue was so fake , and the characters were so flat , and what exactly am I supposed to love about New York in this movie ? Nobody in real life speaks this way .
 Oh ... < snooze > ... my ... < snooze > ... gawd ... < snooze > . The most boring movie ever ! I 've officially wasted one hour and twenty six minutes of my life watching a series of short stories that do n't tie together .
 totally awful , nothing like the light-hearted and touching paris , je taime ... really pathetic efforts , ca n't believe these big names actors bought into this
 New York , I love you is not really a move but a quilt of different short films which attempt a common theme . It brings many characters to the movie but has no depth at all . Some big name directors contribute such as Yvan Attal , Allen Hughes , Shunji Awai , Wen Jiang , Mira Nair , Joshua Marston , Brett Ratner , Natalie Portman -LRB- her directorial debut -RRB- , Shekhar Kapur , Fatih Akin , and Randall Balsmeyer along with many big names Natalie Portman , Andy Garcia , Bradley Cooper , James Caan , Ethan Hawke , Julie Christie , Hayden Christensen , Orlando Bloom , Christina Ricci , Robin Wright Penn , Chris Cooper , Rachel Bilson , Eli Wallach , Cloris Leachman , John Hurt and Drea DeMatteo.I only watched this movie because I was curious of the premise which was , the directors chosen were given only 24 hours to shoot , a week to edit.The best episode was directed by Joshua Marsten with Eli Wallach and Cloris Leachman , an old couple on their way for lunch in Coney Island . Their interaction and the love they show for each other after 63 years of marriage was perhaps the best scene in the movie or for that matter in recent movie memory . If you are interested to see the result of having so many directors and actors contributing , watch this movie but do n't expect any satisfaction from the story . I give it two and half stars .2 / 27/10
 I like the way the movie starts , Brendan Fraser and his character but this being a `` Social drama '' whatever that is I knew I was going to not like it but I gave it a chance.Spoilers : Yes Bigotry existed and still exists , But the point is lost when you should realize the character going for the other guy 's girl -LRB- mind you I ca n't stand Damon or his character . -RRB- second , this being Men and school in particular we all act that way and insult each other whether it 's ethnic jokes , religion etcera.I am aware sometimes some people cross the line but this movie belong in the `` PC '' camp.Damon 's character also is a cheater but does that mean the whole movie should be some afterschool special?And the fact that he is rich and ivy league and how is this something bad since when is success demonized?further , Why ca n't there be more movies about Catholics being persecuted by Nativists when they arrived here in a Hostile Protestant land?What about the Irish and Italians?Instead with each movie we get the victimhood mentality , And While I Detest AntiSemites . -LRB- I am extremely ProIsrael to the point where I do n't believe Palenstine should have statehood.Not to mention I do not like fascism for the simple fact that besides in some extreme cases it is antisemitic it is also very much a State Mentality , the state is your friend . -RRB- I just ca n't buy into this movie , only the end when brendan the good guy wins does it make me happy and of course the comment about Harvard -LRB- except the jewish crack -RRB- where only pinko reds go to.And when they get the french teacher for being a MG driving -LRB- instead of Corvette -RRB- you know-what . Overall it might appeal to people with the poor so and so mentality .
 I was hoping for more from this movie . I was disappointed . This movie had a lousy ending , and did n't even seem to end . I could n't believe it when the credits came up . So the Matt Damon character gets kicked out , and makes a bold anti-semite statement at the end ? Huh?I remember reading the description , and imagnined that the students were going to rush forward and support the Brendan Fraser character , as he 's about to get kicked out , for cheating ? Huh ? Nobody showed support ? It was just a sad story , with no real feeling . I actually disliked it more than I learned from it . Every direction he turned there was no support . Who wants to watch that?I agree with another reviewer . I think the movie ran over budget , and they had to kill the last 20 minutes of filming.Boo !!
 When I saw the beginning of this film I thought for a second or two I had stumbled onto the best movie ever made , namely the majestic Dead Poets Society of which this is a very obvious & poor copy . The opening scene even goes on about the importance of honour in a 1950s prep school & some of the students/actors are dead -LRB- pun not intended ! -RRB- ringers for the infinately better Dead Poets cast . With the exception of Matt Damon who is a fine actor . How do the people in hollywood get away with this ?? Avoid this silly copy & buy Dead Poets Society & thank me later .
 This is undoubtedly the worst movie I have ever seen in my entire life . I never felt so bitter after watching a movie . This movie brought only the worst of the worst feelings , and will never be watched again . I can not see how this movie resolves . Here this jew is , being ridiculed and looked down upon , and nothing is resolved . Sure , a couple of people decide to accept him for who he is , but SEVERAL still detest him . Whoever wrote this story , clearly hated jews , yet had a desperate desire to emulate The Dead Poet 's Society . It brings me great irritation to see this movie get such good reviews . The overall message of the movie , which is that jews are bad , was not the only thing that sucked about this movie . It ended way too abruptly . I thought to myself , `` Did the budget run out ? Is that why it had to end so quickly ? '' Let us all learn a lesson from this movie . If you are going to make a movie , keep it original , make sure you have enough money , make your point clear -LRB- I assume the writer 's point was to show the acceptance of the jew , which I did not see at all , and I 'm not blind . I only saw the opposite -RRB- , and make sure the movie does n't suck . If you intend to see this movie , throw five bucks in the garbage can , and scratch a chalkboard consistently for two hours . It will be less painful , more entertaining , more worth the money , and more worth your time . Giving this movie 1 star was unbearably generous . Do yourself a favor , not only avoid this movie , but do n't ever look at it or think about it ever again .
 Anti-Semitism , an evil that has killed millions , is an extremely serious subject . That this silly film claims to deal with it , is disgusting . All this is , is a cute little story of good-looking young American boys in their perfect American world . And more than that , it was just an excuse to have some soft erotica in the completely non-sequitir and perplexing nude shower fight . -LRB- Are men who are militantly proud of their heterosexuality really going to hold each other naked in the shower ? -RRB-
 This was a stupid , sick movie . I have to admit , I absolutely hated the three college students . Especially , the blonde guy and girl -LRB- Travis & Stephanie -RRB- . I could n't wait for them to get what was coming to them . In the end the conclusion left me unfulfilled . There really was no conclusion . The other thing is the long drawn out death scene in the box . Which ca n't be really called a death scene because most of the time it was just a dark , blank screen . In any case . I hate the two actors I mentioned before , even though I know they were just acting . I 'm so sick of individuals that think they can take other peoples lives with no consequences . And yes , I know this is a movie ; it just reminds me of all the ` real ' sick and disguting people in the world.P.S > Get Bent !!!!!
 Even renting this movie from Netflix is a waste of your time . Meadowoods is not much better than your typical film school project . It 's simply a dull film with a number of inconsistencies . The film is shot in the same style as Blair Witch Project , though with worse audio quality . One difference between Blair Witch and this film is that Meadowoods relies on a music score which is actually decent , but does n't fit many scenes.The first 2/3 of the movie , you 'll find yourself glancing at your watch as the film plods along . There 's too much foreshadowing in the dialogue , all but giving you an idea of what the characters will do by the end . The trio of plotters also seem fairly anti-social , yet still manage to throw a party filled with cool college kids and hot women . They 're unusually sadistic , and boredom is the only explanation of why they want to kill and torture someone.Even as the film reaches its conclusion and picks up the pace , it 's not that scary . The screen goes pitch black for a while , and you ca n't get a sense of claustrophobia until the box is dimly lit for the last 10 minutes of the movie . Only one of the actors has any film experience , so do n't expect strong performances . Ila Schactler does show some screen presence as the trio 's victim Kayla , though . But while a decent musician , a guitar segment in the film seemed more like an unscripted afterthought that was n't needed.Meadowoods has already received a five-star review by someone from Seattle . Oddly enough , that 's where this movie was filmed . The only good thing about this movie is that it gave new actors some film experience . Otherwise I think it 's boring , and would n't recommend renting it for a dollar through Redbox , let alone buying the DVD .
 This movie did n't lower the bar , it buried it.It was a very workable concept , but the writing stopped less than half way there . I 'm not sure how much script there was , but in many places it seems the cast was asked to ad lib for the sake of realism , and could n't quite get there . Close , mind you , but not quite.The acting was a little amateurish , but entirely forgivable - Ila Schactler did brilliantly as the victim , and Stephanie Emerson was consistently good most of the way through.The editing could have been a bit better , but it 's understandable the way it went ... It does a fair job of following the choppy , ADHD , `` We 're just bored kids '' style the movie seems to want to set up . -LRB- I 'm really ready for indies to get bored with thinking this is the Golden Ticket , by the way ... It 's more annoying than Tarantino . -RRB- It 's when the movie starts to end that you 'll get angry at having spent money for it . Neither the seemingly endless lead-up nor Miss Schactler 's entirely authentic performance excuses the dragging on and on and on and on and on of the juvenile toying with the victim.Sure , it 's realistic - these killers might very well toy with their victim for hours . That does n't mean it all has to be on camera . Sure , the utter darkness of being buried alive would be scary . That does n't mean you have to subject the audience to so much of it that they start to wonder if there 's something wrong with the DVD or player.And then there 's the ending itself . It 's enough to make you really angry when you just stop and think that some `` director '' looked at that ending and thought `` Yes ! That 's it ! That 's perfect ! '' But wait ... Go into the extras menu and look at the `` alternate ending '' . It still sucks - not a very academic term for a review , I know , but one of the few that really fits - So yes , it still sucks - badly - but not anywhere NEAR as much as the one the `` director '' decided to go with.It 's become cliched now to say `` Well , there 's an hour and a half I 'll never get back . `` This movie will remind you why we started saying it , and completely reinvigorate your passion for the phrase .
 Meadowoods -LRB- 2010 -RRB- is , without any lack of confidence , one of the worst movies I have ever seen . This movie affected me with disgust , nausea and a stomach distress , not just because the cameraman had no sense , but also because of the multiple failures of the directing , writing and acting.Meadowoods tries to do a faux-documentary style movie about three very boring and distorted college losers , with pedestrian , impromptu conversations about killing people . The dialogue was as pitiful as the acting and the faux-documentary style fails . The entire movie is a series of shallow , commonplace interviews with the drudging characters . Every interview is essentially the same pathetic question being asked in a different way , with the same flat answer every time.I did n't even care about the irksome characters . Seemingly some of the worst acting I have ever seen . The acting was toilsome and the whole thing just passed so tediously on and on.Basically , if you 're bored enough and enjoy psychological thrillers , just push your head into a pillow , it 'll be more fun .
 I rented this movie thinking it would be a guilty pleasure horror flick to enjoy . I was wrong and should have gone with my first impulse to turn it off 5 minutes in . The movie was slow , unimaginative , and just plain bad . The dialog and characters were beyond stupid . There was nothing , absolutely nothing scary about it . That 's how bad it is .
 NOT another handheld , let me show you my face closeup film -LRB- well essentially two faces and cameos by victim and camera holder -RRB- located in who cares suburb -LRB- well mostly in some back yard -RRB- with a piggy bank budget -LRB- well two piggy banks - maybe -RRB- unsuspenseful film.Spoiler
 This movie is a documentary-like rip off of Murder by Numbers , its far higher quality and more enjoyable inspiration . 3 kids decide to methodically plan to murder another classmate , and the film is shot Blair Witch-style where they use their personal camcorder to interview each other and track their progress . While not offensively bad as some low budget horrors are , this film nonetheless fails . Where Murder by Numbers had 2 characters most interesting simply because you would not expect them to be killers , this film focuses on 3 absolute loser types . Particularly the female of the group - she 's a jaded 18-20 y/o type who `` has n't felt anything in a long time . '' Rather than being interesting characters , they end up being infinitely annoying in their nihilistic views on life , and their need to constantly remind the camera of why they need to kill . Other than their annoyingness , the movie is painfully slow , a plot with no creative elements , and no intangible other elements that would otherwise save this waste of time .
 Although the film was beyond brutal filled with mindless nothing , some of the acting was good and believable . Too bad they had the worst script in the world to work with . Nothing else to say , move on folks nothing to see here .
 I figured that I might try this out but as these types of movies are pretty stupid , this one will not disappoint.All I take back from the movie is a nude chick walking around constantly and weird people/images . I guess if you had one too many LSD hits , you might actually know what is going on here , otherwise a normal non-drugged person would just scratch their head and go WTF?Good Luck ... Id suggest renting as I did , rather than buying this tripe .
 This has to qualify as one of the worse films I have ever watched . What was it ? It appeared to be a bunch of bad , ugly scenes , pasted together to give the lead a chance to show off her attributes . The sloppy visuals were accompanied by poor sound and poor to non-existing dialog . Time and money were wasted on this one .
 We recently enjoyed watching the elephants walk around and talk to each other . After the feature film , we started watching one of the bonus cartoons that came with the DVD . This cartoon short was called `` Clown of the Jungle '' . The cartoon starts with a bird smoking a big stogie . After enjoying his cigar , he decides that life is too much to handle and attempts to kill himself.Twice during the cartoon the character is seen holding a gun to his head.Twice during the cartoon the character is seen with a noose around his neck.Finally , since he did n't manage to kill himself using those methods , he decided that drinking poison was the only way to go.My 2 & 4 year old girls really enjoyed this , next weekend they want to watch Faces of Death or maybe HBO 's Autopsy.On a more serious note , when I was growing up , we would see this all the time , but I think things have changed a bit since then . Of the millions of cartoon clips , I 'm a little shocked to see one of this nature on a G Rated Disney DVD.Enjoy .
 OK , my three year old really likes this movie . There is lots of action and lots of animals , which makes a good show as far as he is concerned . However , I * really * hate the dialog -- especially the way the baby elephant interacts with the other elephants . I suppose the scriptwriters wanted to make it hip or something , but it just comes off as obnoxious and smart-assy -LRB- pardon my french -RRB- . I would not allow my child to speak in such a manner to * anyone * , so I do n't like him being exposed to such behavior.The fact that the story includes death does n't bother me as much as the dialog . There is no gratuitous gore , and hunting -- both by humans and other predators -- is what life is like for animals in Africa.There are so many better animal movies out there -- The Adventures of Milo and Otis , for example -- that do n't try to be tragically hip . I 'll be glad when my son stops asking for this tape and I never have to see it again !
 I read other reviews that said this was a great family movie . I bought the movie for my two year old who loves elephants more than anything in the world . I thought that I had finally found a movie with actual elephants -LRB- not animation -RRB- that had a good wholesome plot , I was sorely mistaken . Five minutes into the movie there are poachers who start shooting and killing Whisper 's mother and other elephants within the herd . I thought my wife was going to shoot me when we were all watching this in the family room ! It may be a good movie but it was made for an older audience .
 This movie is horrible ! It had my child in tears within minutes . It starts out happy and cute with elephant families and then animal poachers come and kill and shoot at the family ! It was sudden and absolutely horrible , and completely confused and disturbed my son . DO NOT BUT THIS MOVIE !!!! I ca n't say that enough times . I thought that Disney was a safe bet and though I am aware this kind of awful thing does happen , kids do not need to see it for entertainment . The rest of the movie may have been great but my kid did n't even want to watch it after that , which happens within about 5 minutes .
 I love the whole story but kids does not like it much . but they watched it till end . I like to recommend it for 6-7yrs old
 I have little boys and I did not appreciate the overall language and attitude of the film . From the very start it had rude and fowl language . Was a world away from the traditional Disney film ! I only watched the first few minutes with my son and then put it where it belonged ... IN THE TRASH !
 By watching the previews , `` Domestic Disturbance '' looked like it was going to be a somewhat intelligent thriller , but instead I got a cheesy , farfetched movie . The acting was horrible ; the actors put no emotions into what they were saying . Whoever wrote the script must be shot and never allowed to work again . The whole movie was implausible . It felt like I was in an 80 's movie , because my intelligence was insulted so badly . Basically , most of the things in the movie could n't have happened . A mother would not have been so stupid as the one in this movie . But it did entertain me , partly because of Steve Buscemi 's short but funny scenes he had . If you want to see this movie , wait to video . Otherwise , maybe I 'd wait for `` Spy Game '' to see a good thriller and go for a family film .
 Domestic Disturbance is about as much fun as taking a dip in apool full of acid . Predictable storyline one dimensional stylecharacters nothing too refreshing to see . Travolta stars as adivorced father who works as a boatbuilder gets suspisous of hisex 's soon to be husband when his son tells him how abusive he is.Of course the woman in these type of films are generaly so stupidshe ca n't see the new man in her life is a psychopath . Travolta ` skid witnessess his stepfather killing an old cellmate from his shady past in his jeep and then burns his body in a i ron scrap yard . So by the end of the film the father/hero gets the inevitable showdown with stepfather/psycho in one of the most silliest , cliched fight scenes i have seen in a long time . John Travolta is capabale of so much better than what this lame scriptoffers him .
 Well maybe Manos
 Domestic Disturbance is a typical Hollywood film . The story , characters , and even the camerawork all seem prefabricated and recycled . The language that Travolta and Vaughn spurt from their mouths even feels repetitive . Do you know why ? Because we have seen it all before . This film did not scare me , did not entice me , or even excite me in anyway because of the resemblance this had to every other film of this genre . It is the classic story of the boy that cried wolf too many times and eventually everyone never believed him . It is the classic story of the strength of a father that believes that when life throws lemons , that he must make lemonade . It is the classic story of the family struggle to survive against all odds . It is nothing fresh , it is nothing new , it is nothing remarkable . It is Hollywood , in its purest form . Audiences paid money to see this recycled film and for that I think we should all be issued an apology from the Hollywood community.I even have the subtle feeling that everyone involved in this project felt the same way . Travolta and Vaughn are laughable in their roles . The child actor was acting , and you could tell every time he was on screen . The only `` fun '' character in this entire production was Steve Buscemi , who continually plays this slippery sneaky fishy looking character that just gets under your skin the wrong way . He was perfect , I only wish I could say the same for everyone else . Perhaps it is my newer images of Vaughn that hurt him in this role . After seeing the comedy duds like Dodgeball and Starsky & Hutch , I could n't help but think that Vaughn was trying to play a bit of comedy into this role as well . He just did n't seem to fit . His eyes needed to see evil , when in fact they saw nothing more than the cue cards reminding him of his lines . I kept waiting to hear him say something to Travolta about `` Vegas Baby , Vegas '' , but alas , it never occurred . I felt similar about Travolta 's role in this film . His character suffered from lack of solidity . I never felt that he was a strong father . I knew he could build boats , but fight evil I just could n't see it . I also had trouble seeing the father/son dynamic . During the scenes that him and O'Leary share , I continually felt that they were acting their parts , not building the characters . It was sad , and only left me with a weak impression of them when the climax occurred . Teri Polo was shallow , really contributing nothing to the story other than the classic role of mother who will not believe , while child actor Matt O'Leary definatly needed more time with an acting coach before landing this role . All of these paid actors were going through their parts , but not into their characters , which ultimately flawed the film.What happens when you have actors not reaching their potential and a story that seems like it could be a `` Made-for-TV-Movie '' ? You get the film Domestic Disturbance . The story was horrible . Father who loves his son , who can not let go of a previous life -LRB- although it seemed that in the film Travolta and Polo were ok with there divorce -RRB- , who does n't trust his ex-wife 's new beau . This seemed like a very troubled man instead of the hero that he portrayed . I also felt that this story really did n't give any credit to the local police . Instead of investigating , it seemed like they were just sitting around . That was Travolta 's tax dollars at work , but instead he ended up doing all the work . It reminded me of the times that I have to bag my own groceries at the story . Am I not paying for the goods so that they can provide baggers ? Ah well . From the opening scene of this film until the unclimactic ending -LRB- which made me chuckle due to the lack of sympathy -RRB- , it was nothing more than Hollywood fluff . Travolta had been making a strong return to the film industry prior to this project , and I wish that somebody had talked him out of it . This film was filler , and plenty of people got paid for some shoddy workmanship.Overall , I was very disappointed with this film . In fact , I was more than disappointed , I was appalled . This had no redeeming value to it -LRB- outside of Buscemi -RRB- and it continually perplexed me as to why it was made . There was no stretching of anyone 's acting ability , nor did I ever really see the power family structure that was so important to the characters . What I saw was an angry father upset about the path his life has taken , and decides to do something about it using his son 's lies as a crutch . Perhaps I needed Vaughn 's character to be darker , or maybe more boats built to help me understand Travolta 's role , but something needed to happen and it did n't . This was a sad excuse of a film , and I do not recommend it to anyone who is a fan of the cinema.Grade
 Now who honestly thought that this was a good movie ? What shocked me was the number of scenes that there in the movie trailer that never made it to the final cut . I know the DVD has deleted scenes but there accounted for less than 30 % of what are missing from the trailer.The reason why I wanted to see this movie is because the trailer made a so-so storyline look half decent . In the end , it was just like a poor made-for-TVmovie , I am glad I did not waste my -LSB- money -RSB- at the movies to see it .
 Thuis is by far one of the worst movies of 2001 . I 'm sorry to all of those who may have enjoyed this unbelievably fake and predictable films of the year . If you watch the trailer before you watch the film , you will greatly disappointed seeing as how half of the footage in the trailer was deleted . Another thing that ticked me off was that on the DVD only a portion of those things deleted were in the deleted scenes area of the disc . The trailer is a much more suspenseful and enjoyable than the film itself , so do n't waste 89 minutes -LRB- That 's all folks , pathetic ai n't it ? -RRB- , just spend 2.5 on the trailer .
 This movie offended my intelligence . The Keystone cops , the absence of logic , & unconvincing parents by the lead roles . You must have a better way to spend 90 minutes .
 I do n't know how some movies get favourable quotes from some reviewers on their posters . Do studios pay people to say nice things about their pictures ? If so this was probably one of those movies . This is an old story too . A kid suspects that his new step father -LRB- Vince Vaughan -RRB- is a psycho ; and when he witnesses him committing a murder and cremating the body he runs to his real father -LRB- Travolta -RRB- who does n't believe him either , but soon has his doubts because being a movie , his son is perfect and never lies to him . -LRB- Feeble feeble feeble -RRB- . John Travolta gives a good performance and is one of the main reasons for watching this . Vince Vaughan on the other hand does pretty well too , but whenever I see him I am reminded of how awful he was in that pointless PSYCHO remake several years back . You 've seen it all before , but DOMESTIC DISTURBANCE still stands way above BATTLEFIELD EARTH .
 If films have been a regular part of your life , you 've probably seen this film before - on TV , in the theater , or in a cheap book . Viewing the trailer will give you an idea -LRB- okay , it 'll give you the whole movie -RRB- ; however , I would n't discount this film entirely . Sure , we can put down the obvious
 This is a film that started with a clever premise of a good `` seed '' idea and demonstrates to any serious film buff , just how important having a story is for a film . It 's a classic example of what formula writing is all about as it supports the concept that Hollywood is run by `` C '' students.Having been a screenwriter and amateur filmmaker myself for many years now , I can appreciate how difficult it is to make a good movie . However , you have to know the rules to break the rules , and this film shows that it 's still in grammar school.An entertaining film with no substance and less story , but for someone who does n't want to be stimulated , it 's a perfect piece of work . There are so many examples of what not to do in making a movie here it 's hard to know where to start , so I 'll just keep it simple . Here 's my formal statement regarding this Domestic Disturbance : This movie proves beyond the shadow of doubt that good acting can not salvage a bad script , although a good script can make a bad actor look good.My hat 's off to John T and Vince V. for their efforts as their acting was strong -LRB- not great , but at least they made the effort -RRB- . A fine supporting cast , well acted , but an uninspired story that took us nowhere new . A DVD to add to your collection if you 're an aspiring filmmaker or film buff that would like to have an example of what `` not to do '' in storytelling.Wayne BaimbridgeWriter/DirectorElysium Studioswww.elysiumstudios.comwayne@elsysiumstudios.com
 John Travolta 's recent track record including `` Battlefield Earth '' `` Swordfish , '' to say nothing of `` Lucky Numbers , '' may put off many viewers from this film . To make matters worse , his nomination for the Razzie Award in the year of 2002 for his `` worst '' performances in that so-so action ` Swordfish '' and `` Domestic Disturbance , '' a film in case now , would dampen your expectation for the latter . The fact is , it is not Travolta who should be blamed for the luckwarm reception of the thriller ; for he is actually in a good shape.Before you read this , you should not expect that this film , despite its suggestive title , does not handle with domestic violence , a socially important matter . `` Domestic Disturbance '' is in fact based on a very classic thriller setting , namely `` a witness nobody believes '' and it has been used in a various fashion since very old days , and you will soon remember such masterpieces as `` The Lady Vanishes '' by Hitchcock . But sorry , `` Domestic '' hardly reaches that sphere in spite of the remarkable efforts from Travolta and skilled director Harold Becker.The plot is about a boy Danny , whose mother -LRB- Teri Polo -RRB- newly married a respected , successful businessman Rick -LRB- underrated Vince Vaughn ... is n't this typecast ? You judge it -RRB- . But as some mysterious guy -LRB- always superb Steve Buscemi -RRB- shows up unexpectedly at the wedding ceremony , things get strange , and Danny claims that he did see something that he should n't see , which might mean that this boy is in danger in the domestic place where he should feel most safe.Though the premise is interesting , and the backdrop of a beautiful seaside town is used effectively to create the feeling of small , traditional community , the film 's script misses every crutial point which should have struck the keynote of making a good suspense . In short , if you are used to watching good thrillers , you would gasp with despair at those characters ' stupidity that easily matches that of cheap horror flicks , in which victims run upstairs in their house instead of immediately going out of it . I can not reveal the precise nature of what I mean ; only I can say that accustomed viewers can anticipate what comes on the screen literally scene by scene , while movie tries to confuse us desperately . Whatever happened to Mr. Becker , whose sizzling `` Sea of Love '' belongs to the height of first-rate thrillers ? The last scene of this film looks like badly done hyperbole of another famous thriller starring Glen Close.As I said before , Travolta convincingly expresses the father 's worry about his apparently misunderstood boy deftly , and as for that point , he does n't deserve the Razzi nomination . The real find here is , however , the newcomer Matthew O'Leary -LRB- to be seen in the sequel of `` Spy Kids '' -RRB- whose acting as an unhappy kid with insucure emotions remind us of young DiCaprio in `` This Boy 's Life . '' He and other cast deserve a much better script .
 but what a diabolically bad movie , utterly predictable plot , miserably cliched characters and a third rate script , not even interesting locations . In total , ... avoid in the cinema ...
 This movie fells like a made for TV movie . The story has been done before so many times . The stars do what they can with the material but this movie is so predictable . If you 've seen the movie `` The Hand That Rocks The Cradle '' think of this movie as a male vs. male version ! And instead of a baby , change to a teenager ! I like Vince Vaughn and John Travolta but I found it hard to belive in thier roles . I only hope when this movie comes out on DVD , we get to see the R rated version of this movie ! I wonder if it 's better than the PG-13 version?Also the charcters are cliched and sterotyped!If you do see this wait until it hits your local cheap theaters or a matinee ! Do ` nt pay full price for this rehashed movie ! Or better yet , watch `` The Hand That Rocks The Cradle '' which this movie is a direct rip-off of !
 This film is pretty bad . It 's funny how your taste changes over time . When this came out I did n't really know what I liked and for some reason I thought I liked this . Ha , and so I bought it . Having watched this recently I 've come to realize just how awful it really is . I mean , technically this movie is just stupid.The acting , as campy as it can be , is the films only real noteworthy point.The film tells the story of a divorced father 's love for his son . Yeah , my face is not straight . Really , Frank is a jealous ex-husband who resents his ex-wife for marrying the seemingly straight laced Rick . Their son , Danny , hates his new step-dad . The problem is that Danny has a habit of lying and getting into trouble , so when he witnesses his new step-daddy killing someone no one believes him.Well , Frank does , but that 's more because he REALLY wants to.The film is kind of comical in its approach . I totally get some of the themes here , but this campy , corny delivery makes fun of it so-to-speak and makes it kind of laughable . The situations that arise are preposterous , and the faux sense of tension that embodies this film is NOT authentic or lasting . In fact , the final confrontation between Frank and Rick is one of the funniest -LRB- unintentional of course -RRB- scenes in movie history -LRB- well , that may be farfetched -RRB- . When John Travolta just burst into the garage to save the day , I was in stitches.Like I said , thankfully the actors here do a great job with what little they are handed . John Travolta is effectively parental . Even if the film kind of takes jabs at his personal state , he sells it . Vince Vaughn steals this though . He is just down right creepy . I like Vince , always have , and while he is a far better comedian than a dramatic actor , he pulls this off very well . Even when his character is slipping into camp , he remains at all times interesting.What ever happened to Teri Polo?Anyways , this film is pretty stupid , awfully so , but whatever . If you have nothing better to do and want to soak in a preposterously entertaining thriller then , by all means , sit back and enjoy . I do n't see a need to ever watch this again , but I do n't hate myself for having seen it once -LRB- well , twice -RRB- .
 You 'd think that anyone involved in this movie would be ashamed to admit it . The plot could have been written by a computer full of hack phrases . The predictable turned into straight jacket fidelity to old and tired plots of B movies . Other than that it was ... . pretty bad . The acting was OK , but there was an air of desperation in the faces of the actors . Why ? Well -- I can only guess here -- because maybe the director was n't always paying attention ? No , that ca n't be the case because this was not evidence of randomness -- it was uniformly badly directed . That takes constant attention from a very worthless director working with a screenwriter who has the sophistication of a 12 year old .
 This really is n't a `` bad '' movie - just incredibly formulaic and predictable . The people who made this flick had the good sense to cap it under 90 minutes . John Travolta always pleases as the `` good guy , '' and Vince Vaughn is genuinely creepy . I guess . But Hollywood continues to churn out these weak thriller films .
 Danny Morrison is an undisciplined and unruly kid who has a tendency to lie , one night he happen to witness a murder committed by his stepfather Rick , but no one believes him except for his own father Frank . With little evidences to follow , Frank must try to find out the truth before something happens to his family.Not too original , but it did sound interesting enough for a suspense movie , unfortunately much of the plot was ridiculous and unbelievable , plagued with shallow characters . It seems that John Travolta just ca n't get a break , his performance as the divorced father Frank was n't all bad , yet it felt hollow and unconvincing , definitely not his best work . Vince Vaughn 's character Rick on the other hand seems to have a bipolar personality disorder , one minute he 's this nice guy who everybody likes , and the next a monster who is capable of unspeakable things.Poorly executed with terrible dialogues , I 'd suggest waiting to rent this one if you must , you 'll be glad the time and the money you saved .
 The day after I saw this movie I had to find out who directed it ; turns out it was Harold Becker who 's actually done a few good films . This , however , was miserable . The actors ' performances were so wooden and walked-through I had trouble believing it was a major theatrical release . Travolta was just okay , and from Vince Vaughan to the major police character , the content and delivery of the dialogue was awful . Not to mention the implausibility of the plot . This entire small town -- as well as a seemingly intelligent woman -- has completely missed the makeup and background of this stranger who wanders in and immediately becomes its most famous , richest citizen . It pained me to see Steve Buscemi wasted on this movie ; and I think you could see in his performance that he was just going through the motions -LRB- which is still better than anything else here -RRB- . And by the way , what was with the dubbing over of some of the profanity with less harsh words on the VHS ?
 What a waste of money this was . The whole story was so predictable . This is something I would expect on network tv with has-been actors . Why John Travolta lowered himself to do this film is beyond me . His talents were wasted with this shallow character that the writer / director provided him . I would have rated it NO stars , if that was possible . Save your money and buy Spy Game instead .
 The movie probably deserves two stars , for the casting is pretty good , and the trailer would have gotten 3 stars ... too bad it does n't depict the movie , since several scenes from the trailer fail to make it to the final cut , or to the deleted scenes in the DVD.Travolta is believable . Just . Vince Vaughn and Steve Buscemi are welcome additions to any film , although there is nothing particularly exciting about their performances here and Buscemi 's screen time is far too little ! Teri Polo and Matthew O'Leary as Travolta 's `` ex-family '' , can read all their lines . There is a romance in Travolta 's new life , but you could never tell by the lack of chemistry between his character and the new lady ... so , characterization gets a `` D '' . The film was shot in a beautiful location in North Carolina , but much of the interior work is too dark to determine what you are viewing . The film has been edited to less than 90 minutes , which is probably a sound decision , in light of the poor quality of the story.I 'm truly disappointed in Harold Becker , the director , who gave us one of the great thrillers of our time , `` Sea of Love '' , and other good thriller flicks , such as `` Malice '' . Nothing seems to work in this film , and I did n't even bother with most of the DVD extras , a sure sign that I regretted spending $ $ $ on the rental .
 Let me just start off by saying - Do n't waste your money . This is just a horrible movie that does n't even have a hint of a plot . I was suckered in with the casting of John Travolta and Vince Vaughan , but they totally stink up this movie . This is barely a B-movie as I 've seen much better B-movies than this . Two words - Stay Away
 What started out interestingly enough quickly turned into a `` boy-witnesses-murder-but-no-one-believes-him flick . The rest of the movie was predictable , the ending boring and flat . Nothing new . Nothing even remotely exciting . Travolta was not at his best , but he could n't be , not in this stinker of a movie . Even Vince Vaughn with all his creepiness could n't pull this one out of the dump . He has two personalities - one innocent and pure , the other evil and sadistic . Neither one was believable .
 I actually started predicting during the title roll ; I even nailed Hudson as the skeptical cop . But when Steve Buscemi shows up ill-dressed for the fancy wedding , I knew exactly where this was going . -LRB- No , not a wood-chipper , just stabbed and incinerated . -RRB- This is n't really a bad movie , just a waste of time .
 Domestic Disturbance is strictly a by the numbers thriller . Director Harold Becker who made the superior Sea Of Love seems to walk through this film . John Travolta does give a good performance though and Vince Vaughn does ok as the bad guy but I wish he would have been more meancing . After seeing Vaughn in comedy 's of late he 's pigeonholed in my mind as a comedic actor not a hard a $ $ .
 Although Vince Vaughn is surprisingly believeable as a bad guy , Domestic Disturbance is still a bit predictable . I 'm not saying that it 's not watchable , I 'm just saying you can probably guess the direction of the scenes ; thus , my conservative rating .
 Travolta is believable as the concerned , protective father but somehow the movie just falls short of being scary . Vince Vaughan is one of my favorite actors but he 's better as the obnoxious side kick in Made than as the sinister step father . It just did n't grab me and keep me on the edge of my seat .
 Stereotypical characters , convoluted logic , and an abundant absence of intelligence abide in `` Domestic Disturbance , '' a thriller that wants to be naughty , but ends up playing nice . What begins as a somewhat interesting film tailspins into an unending chasm of unbelievable plot twists and aggravating characters who make all the wrong choices . Here is a movie that covers familiar ground , yet it fails to spark much interest once things go awry.John Travolta stars as Frank Morrison , a boat builder whose ex-wife Susan -LRB- Teri Polo -RRB- is on the brink of remarrying . This , of course , is unacceptable to their 12-year-old son , Danny -LRB- Matthew O'Leary -RRB- , whose outbursts against his parents ' divorce have led to being picked up from the police station on numerous occasions . Like any good father , Frank advises Danny to accept that which he can not change , and to give his new stepfather , the wealthy and popular Rick Barnes -LRB- Vince Vaughn -RRB- , a warm welcome.Now anyone who knows their thrillers can guess that if there is money involved , then there 's usually a tainted past here and there ; this film is no exception . The wedding goes off without a hitch , despite the presence of Ray Coleman -LRB- Steve Buscemi -RRB- , a former acquaintance of Rick 's who is set on collecting a large sum of money from his old pal . One thing leads to another , contrivances appear , and Rick has a murder on his hands , unaware that Danny witnessed the deed from the backseat of the car in which it occurred.This is the first in a series of several scenes that look promising , but hold little intensity or surprise . Judging from Danny 's `` Boy Who Cried Wolf '' syndrome , it is easy to foresee that no one will believe him when he reveals what he saw , save for Frank , who must hold a grudge against his son 's aggressor if there is to be any action or energy in the story . There 's a little bit of cat-and-mouse going on , as Frank searches for the missing Ray and possible clues to take to the police , but it goes virtually nowhere.The movie seems more interested in showing us just how stupid people can be in such situations , however unbelievable they may be . From the start , Susan stands by her man , defending him against Danny 's accusations . Does it ever occur to her that when a strange event happens , Rick was out of the house at that same time ? Does she ever stop to think about how her disbelief in her son 's statements is affecting him , rather than the old song-and-dance about her marriage to Rick ? Even the police are completely clueless , ignoring everything until the end when it hardly matters.My big complaint with `` Domestic Disturbance '' is its editor , who has chopped the movie down to a mere 88 minutes , too short for a thriller and too long for a documentary on vengeful stepfathers . Paramount 's advertising campaign for the film hit us with a slew of pre-release television commercials , as well as a lengthy and revealing theatrical trailer . There are scenes in both of these , one of which involves a car chase , the other involving a discussion between Rick and Frank in which Rick tries to buy him off . These and others glimpses are not even included in the final cut , and perhaps may have been more interesting than what we see here.The climax is standard fodder , but it has the ability to generate more intensity than the rest of the film altogether . Travolta turns in a good performance , convincing us of his status as a loving father ; Vaughn fails to generate a sense of menace , while Polo does little else except look completely clueless . For all its attributes -LRB- which are few -RRB- , `` Domestic Disturbance '' adds nothing new to a worn out genre ; its lack of lucid plot could be overlooked if not for its failure to generate any level of suspense . ` Note
 It 's a sheer waste of Travolta 's talent even though he gave a good performance , the plot is very predictable , repeated and lame . I would rent this movie just for John Travolta 's and Vince Vaughn 's performances , Steve Buscemi does justice to a creepy character , but movie is no thriller .
 Trailer for this movie was inaccurate . It made the movie more exciting , action-packed and suspenseful-looking than it really was . The movie was slow and what few exciting scenes there were did not really draw me in , particularly the finale at the garage . I can tell that this movie was trying to be like a Hitchcock movie , but it fell flat on it 's face .
 The day after I saw this movie I had to find out who directed it ; turns out it was Harold Becker who 's actually done a few good films . This , however , was miserable . The actors ' performances were so wooden and walked-through I had trouble believing it was a major theatrical release . Travolta was just okay , and from Vince Vaughan to the major police character , the content and delivery of the dialogue was awful . Not to mention the implausibility of the plot . This entire small town -- as well as a seemingly intelligent woman -- has completely missed the makeup and background of this stranger who wanders in and immediately becomes its most famous , richest citizen . It pained me to see Steve Buscemi wasted on this movie ; and I think you could see in his performance that he was just going through the motions -LRB- which is still better than anything else here -RRB- , maybe wondering what he was doing there.And by the way , what was with the dubbing over of some of the profanity with less harsh words , on the VHS ?
 yea the acting was pretty good , BUT i have to say that the Story was so -LSB- bad -RSB- ... what are these writers THINKING ... when they even publish these stories . . i do n't know who 's lamer , the writers or the people actually putting these stories into movies ... i mean comm ` on ... MOST movies in the present have rehashed stories ... i 'm tired of all the similar boring stories . . why ca n't people be more original ...
 If a `` suspense '' filmed was played in the woods , and it did n't actually contain any suspense , would a bear watch it?The previous sentence makes about as much suspense as the reason behind making `` Domestic Disturbance '' , the newest ` thriller ' starring John Travolta , Vince Vaughn and Teri Polo.Let 's talk for a few minutes about Mr. Travolta . Can anyone name an actor who has received more chances in his career and squandered them ? I think that Travolta has now surpassed Richard Dreyfuss as the comeback / lose it again king . After a brilliant comeback engineered by his longtime admirer Quentin Tarantino in `` Pulp Fiction '' , Travolta appeared in a number of films that were interesting and proved interesting choices . `` Face/Off '' and `` Broken Arrow '' highlighted a string of hits that ultimately allowed Travolta to join the $ 20 million club . In the last few years , every film Travolta has appeared in has failed miserably . `` Lucky Numbers '' ? `` The General 's Daughter '' ? That film was a hit but can anyone even remember one significant scene from it ? `` Swordfish '' ? Interesting , but a flop . `` Battlefield Earth '' ? Why does he keep making this trash ? It has to be the paychecks . I ca n't see any other conceivable reason . John , baby , how long before the studios realize that these films are n't making any money and they stop hiring you ? John , baby , how long before you need another comeback vehicle?Frank Morrison -LRB- John Travolta -RRB- is a divorced father who makes wooden boats . He does n't get a lot of business , but the business that he does get gets a great deal . He does n't charge his customers enough to make a profit . Frank does this because HE IS THE GOOD GUY . His son , Danny -LRB- Matthew O'Leary -RRB- has a lot of problems accepting his mom 's -LRB- Teri Polo -RRB- new relationship with Rick Barnes -LRB- Vince Vaughn -RRB- . He gets into a lot of trouble and lies to everyone . A couple of days after his mom and Rick get married , he stows away in Rick 's car and witnesses him murdering a business associate . The police do n't believe him however . After a little soul searching , Frank believes his son . He may lie to everyone , but he does n't lie to Frank.Directed by Harold Becker -LRB- `` Sea of Love '' -RRB- , `` Domestic Disturbance '' is a suspense film without any suspense . From the moment Danny stows away in Rick 's car and WATCHES HIM MURDER Ray -LRB- Steve Buscemi -RRB- , which we also watch , we know who the good guy is and who the bad guy is . To make matters worse , Frank instantly believes his son , which means that the film boils down to a cat and mouse game between Frank and Rick . A boring cat and mouse game . When you know the identity of the villain , a huge percentage of the suspense is flushed down the toilet . When Frank believes Danny early on , the rest of the suspense is flushed down with it.The film would 've been greatly improved by showing Danny in the backseat of the car , watching everything , the pain and suspense registering on his face , while the audience sees nothing . Then , when Danny tries to convince his dad , the police chief , his mom , that Rick is a murderer , at least we have n't seen the act , and we would require some convincing as well.Because the filmmakers chose to show us everything , the next logical step to provide some suspense would be to have Frank doubt Danny , his son . However , after a very brief segment , Frank believes Danny , causing us to watch a battle between Frank and Rick , which is n't very interesting.Each of the actors , including Travolta , are serviceable in their roles , but because the film robs us of just about everything in the first fifteen minutes , the remaining ninety become an exercise in tedium.Skip `` Domestic Disturbance '' . It is n't even worthy of a video rental . Go to see the far superior and very different `` Amelie '' or `` The Man Who Was n't There '' . Your money will be much better spent .
 When I heard of this Bela Lugosi serial , and that it was on DVD , Iplaced an order without hesitation . Well , as they say , fools jumpin ... The packaging of the two-disc set is very nice , with vintageartwork on the cover and inside on the paper chapter list insert -LRB- theonly reason for my 2-star rating here -RRB- . However , this is quitepossibly one of the worst transfers I have ever had the misfortune tobe a purchaser of , and I readily warn any other unsuspecting victim toavoid this one.The sound is garbled , warbles , and is painful tolisten to . Worse yet , Whirlwind has chosen to `` mat '' theimage in such a way as to cut off all four sides of theimage . Basically , it looks like they `` zoomed in '' on theimage , giving it a blurry and distorted appearance throughout allfifteen chapters.Obviously transferred from an inferior videosource -LRB- in one chapter , there was a slight tracking error at the topof the frame ! -RRB- , this disc is less than stellar , and not fit even forthe bargain bin at a department store.As for the serial itself , ithas the feel of a low budget effort from 1931 , rather than 1936 . Theediting is fairly weak , and the whole chapter-play is very `` stagey '' , like early talkies were in ' 31 - ' 34 . In one laterchapter , you can even hear the director yelling for a passing car to `` Come on ! COME ON ! '' Victory Pictures was not exactlyRepublic , which is why no one today has ever heard of them . This DVDis partly why.The hero `` Martin Andrews '' is laughablybad . His Asian houseboy is sure to draw the ire of the PC crowd , andmost of the cast is populated by non-entities . The love interest andgirl reporter Joan is actually entertaining , but several opportunitiesfor her to expand the character were wasted by poorediting/directing . The evil villianess who teams up with Lugosi toruin Chinatown -LRB- and then ... the world ! -RRB- , is beautiful . She plays thevillianess very well , but is overpowered by Lugosi . She also was avictim of the poor editing/directing that are the hallmark of thisserial.Lugosi has the mad scientist/inventor thing down . Hischaracter can also hypnotize people and bend them to his will . He caneven affect a victim through his television viewer!There arepotentially great moments ; sneaky traps for the heroes , at least onegood street explosion , Lugosi 's inventions , and some fair fightscenes . The cliffhangers range from really good -LRB- a bomb designed todrop a chandelier on the hero when he enters his own foyer -RRB- , torediculous -LRB- the hero is knocked out and placed under a hanging glassfishbowl so he can be killed by the `` focused rays of thesun '' -RRB- . Billed as one of `` the longest serials evermade , '' with the help of this poor transfer it lives up to itspress ... even if it is n't the longest , it sure FELT like the longestwhen I was sitting through it.I suppose my impression of the serialhas been somewhat shaded by the slapdash transfer , but this is no `` S.O.S. Coast Guard '' , that 's for sure.If nothing else , Ithink Lugosi fans should seek an alternate source for this serial , andavoid this DVD as if it were a mad scientist 's plot to capture theworld .
 I ca n't even give this 2 stars as another reviewer did . This is another slap together dvd by Whirlwind Media who are only concerned with making money . The transfer is from a 16mm print off , most likely , a Sinister Cinema VHS tape . The only reason I even bought this is because it 's one of those incredibly rare serials . The sound is pretty much muddied throughout the dvd and the print itself is n't much better . I had high hopes at first as the opening title sequence , although not crisp and clean , was viewable . After that , it becomes a hit and miss affair even more than their release of The Phantom Creeps . I wish Whirlwind would put some effort into cleaning up the video and sound -- it is n't that difficult to do as one can see from the efforts of the Doctor Who Restoration Team . Again , as I stated in my Phantom Creeps review , STAY AWAY FROM WHIRLWIND MEDIA !!!
 The picture quality and sound on this video are beyond words to describe how bad a dvd can be . It looks like a poor transfer of a six hour mode tape . There is no attempt to digitally clean up the picture or audio . Avoid this one like the plague .
 The DVD is not very good quality print . Even the serial is n't that good . I got it because it was rare and had Bela Lugosi in it but I am sorry to say that it 's not worth getting . Some of the actors are supposed to be of Oriental caucasion but it is obvious they were not in some cases . They could have called the serial `` The Death '' I am a fan of Bela lugosi but this DVD is n't worth it .
 `` It Could Happen to You '' was originally called `` Cop Gives Waitress $ 2 Million Tip '' and that is essentially what the film is about . A good-natured , honest cop -LRB- Nicholas Cage -RRB- finds himself in a diner one day without enough money to leave his waitress -LRB- Bridget Fonda -RRB- a tip . He makes her a deal , though . He will give her half of the winnings from a lottery ticket he has just purchased . She , of course , expects never to see him again.As you would imagine , the cop wins and his wife -LRB- Rosie Perez -RRB- is ecstatic-at least until she finds out that he has promised to give the waitress half of the money . She viciously nags and berates him , but he wo n't give in . A promise is a promise.The next day the cop returns and informs the waitress that she has won $ 2 million . She is disbelieving at first , but soon comes around to the idea that all of her money troubles are over . They become instant celebrities in the New York media and their faces are splashed across the cover of every tabloid.The wife harbors great feelings of anger and jealousy , though , and eventually kicks out the cop . He falls into the arms of the waitress , with whom he has been sharing a budding , although chaste , romance . Their relationship , though , has some unexpected consequences which lead to the film 's not-altogether unexpected resolution.Writer-director Andrew Bergman is one of the best in the business when it comes to comedy . He was responsible for `` The Freshman '' and `` Honeymoon in Vegas '' among other hilarious films . Unfortunately , though , the emphasis in this picture is on romance , not comedy , and here Bergman 's touch is not nearly so deft.The main problem is in the screenplay . The bulk of the film , especially the second act , is woefully underwritten . There is just not very much going on here and what does happen is all too predictable . The romance is touching , but never very serious or moving , and the laughs are few and far between.Even more ruinous , though , is the performance of Rosie Perez . Once again , she gives her hysterical , hyper-kinetic , Puertan Rican-from-hell performance and it is growing very tiresome indeed . Her muddled accent and grating speech impediment render her dialogue at times virtually incomprehensible . Her time on screen is always painful and all too lingering.Nicholas Cage and Bridget Fonda are both excellent , again proving themselves to be two of the best actors in Hollywood . They are well-cast and quite enjoyable . They are just not enough , though , to save the picture .
 Last night 's bargain rack DVD movie was `` it Could Happen To You '' staring Nicolas Cage and Bridget Fonda . Only Hollywood could come up with something like this . A NYC cop lacks enough money to tip a waitress , a total stranger , so he offers to split a freshly-purchased lottery ticket with her if he wins . She graciously agrees and they part . Well , folks , I bet you ca n't guess what happens . You 're right , he wins 4 million dollars the next day . Then he 's forced into telling his money-grubbing wife that he gave away half of the lottery winnings to a woman he does n't even know and she does n't even know who he is or that he won , but that they had agreed and it was a matter of honor that they split it . Did I mention that the waitress was married to a money-grubbing husband ? Well , I 'm sure you could have guessed by now . Sappy ? Well , that 's only the beginning . Then the financial vultures swirl in and by the time they 're done neither the cop nor the waitress have anything but one another . Again , you probably guessed . But not all was lost , because of the generosity of the cop and the waitress , the wonderful people of NYC send them bundles of five and ten dollar donations to the point where they have over six hundred thousand dollars and they lived happily ever after , or something like that.So , what did I think of this wonderful uplifting fantasy movie ? I think it was the sappiest movie I 've seen in the last decade , maybe more . The cinema was okay . The acting was okay , but Cage looked embarrassed at his own efforts from time to time . It 's hard to imagine any of the cast members taking the script seriously , yet it certainly was n't a comedy . Or maybe it was a comedy and the joke was on the public who paid good money to see it.Gary Peterson
 What a disappointment ! I remember Siskel and Ebert raving over this romantic comedy . Romantic , maybe , but comedy - never . Very predictable plot from beginning to end . And Rosie Perez was truly offensive . A few times I could n't understand what she was saying . There is no way I could buy that she and Cage 's character were attracted to each other . Maybe critics liked this movie because it had no sex , violence , or rough language . Although Cage does get shot in one hold-up scene . It was just that you knew what was going to happen every step of the way . I am beginning to Like Cage more and more as he ages . -LSB- spoiler -RSB- I was really disappointed at the end to find out that the real people whom this story is based on were always happily married to their original partners . Either they should n't have changed it so much or they should n't have let us know about the real story it was based on . -LSB- end of spoiler -RSB- But Fonda and Cage were very engaging together .
 It Could Happen to You was a bit of a disappointment , considering the makeup of the cast
 This could have been a very good movie if the language from one of the cops could have been censored . A shame a movie with a good thought behind it could n't have been shared with the whole family . Not suitable for children .
 Ok , try to follow along.Good-natured cop , Charlie -LRB- Nicolas Cage -RRB- does n't have enough for a tip at a local NYC diner , so he promises his waitress that he will split the tip that he gets from a lottery ticket he has . You know he 's gon na win , too , because Charlie 's all nice n ' all and the Waitress , -LRB- Bridget Fonda 's `` Chavonne '' , I think it is ? -RRB- is down-on-her-luck and needs a big break . Charlie is married to racially stereo-typed Spanish lady -LRB- Rosie Perez ... what happened to her ? -RRB- who whines her way through the picture and insults him constantly . He loves her and stays with her , even though she 's the Wicked Witch of the West looking like she was attacked by Dezi Arnaz 's closet . Anyhow , Charlie wins the lottery and ends up splitting the tip with his Waitress . Oh , and of course , you get the obligitary love story when Charlie cheats on Rosie with his Waitress after both of them run off to the Plaza Hotel after Rosie finds out that they 've been together doing `` friend '' things the entire afternoon . Still following ? Good . Now , you know that Charlie and the Waitress are gon na end up together cuz he 's reeallly , reeeeeally nice n ' stuff and she 's sooo sweet and gentle and kind . Oh , and then there 's this trial thing thrown in for good measure wherein Charlie gets a slap on the hand for cheating on Rosie and she tries to take the money away from him in the process of divorcing . Charlie loses the bout as does the Waitress cuz an American courtroom judge was reaaaallly awfully touched by Rosie 's story that SHE was the one who picked the winning numbers because her dead father told them to her in a dream -LRB- HUH ? -RRB- . And Charlie and the Waitress sorta fall outta love and go their separate ways for a bit until Charlie tells her that he has n't been able to stop thinking about her for days , so , they fall back in love again . Oh , by the way , just because Charlie and the Waitress open the Waitress 's restaurant after hours and give a supposed street-bum a bowl of soup in `` Their Darkest Hour '' , the next day , people from around the country start to send cards -LRB- to her restaurant , no less -RRB- containing cash because they 're realllyy good-hearted people . They get married and live happily ever after . The End . Oh , and I almost forgot , 90 percent of this `` true-story '' never happened in the first place.Ta-da . This has got ta be the most audience-manipulating movie of the decade . -- Matt
 Off-hand , I ca n't think of a worse movie . -LRB- And I think Nicolas Cage has done some truly awesome work in other films -- hey , he 's making a buck , here . -RRB- That 's all . 1/32 star , if possible .
 My wife , my mother and I sat down to watch this and barely made it through a half hour before we all agreed to turn it off . We had expected to like it after it did so well at the box office but the characters are so weak and the plot and dialog are so predictable it was torturous . If you want a romantic comedy pick When Harry Met Sally or Shakespeare in Love . Even Sleepless in Seattle , which is essentially enjoyable fluff , is way better than this movie . I would watch Sleepless again but I could n't even watch all of It Could Happen To You once .
 I brought it because I saw description says Closed caption . but the dvd is not even have subtitles or CC !! For deaf and hard of hearing people . DO NOT BUT IT ! NONE CC !
 Save your money ... . There is more ` story ' at the local laser tag establishment . The action sequences left me yawning . One has to wonder how these these movies get funded .
 This was the dumbest movie I 've seen in a long time . Do n't waste your money .
 Murial Hemingway is the only thing worth 5 minutes of your time on this one .
 Okay - You 've got the Vice Presidential plane -LRB- with David Keith aboard -RRB- traveling over the Pacific Ocean without Naval escort fighters , in a tropical storm that should have been predicted and avoided . The storm puts the plane down near an unknown island -LRB- Barago ! -RRB- . No emergency call , no secondary channel , no emergency transponder beeping after the plane goes down . And last but not least , only one Secret Service Agent onboard -LRB- Mariel Hemingway -RRB- . The President orders a search for the `` Second most powerful man in the World '' Duh ... . The President comes across as a real low I.Q. doofus . The Naval Admiral is also an idiot.After some `` A-Team type '' gun battles , the Guerillas take the VP hostage for a large ransom -LRB- what else ? -RRB- . Mariel takes only a 9mm subgun , instead of an assault rifle , from the scumbags . The Guerilla leader is especially obnoxious in the acting department . I mean , low-down , amateur , stinking bad acting . Hemingway and Keith must have taken the lead from the extras ; because they were just as bad . You 'll wonder why the person who wrote the dialogue was n't left on the island ; where everything else about this movie should have been left . Oh , and it seemed like they hired some pretty bad Samoan or Hawaiian actors for this stinker . They grunt a lot.If you can stand just killing time and watching a -LSB- horrible -RSB- movie , then go ahead . Heck , you can go to the `` John '' a few times , go out for some pizza , and even walk your dog . You wo n't miss anything . When jobs in Hollywood are sparse , I guess you take anything yo can get -LRB- Mariel and David did -RRB- and hope that at least the director can save the script -LRB- he did n't . -RRB- Absolutely stunk !
 The acting is fantastic by Muriel . The rest of the cast is poor and the plot is ok ... The only thing is I kept comparing it to Personal Best
 I thought it was not up to the rest of the TV movies that they have done . It was even kind of silly
 I have previously purchased videos on demand and had no problems . This video freezes and skips . When it 's not freezing or skipping , the audio does n't work .
 We are such fans of these shows I have the DVD 's of all their seasons and also on my ipad . Ca n't get enough of these shows !!
 A couple of cheap laughs , but not much else . Pretty much got what I expected .
 The people who would enjoy this film are barred from watching it due to the rating . This is an immature sexual romp . High School kids are attending a very hip sex education class . The viewer is treated to a number of skits similar to `` Groove Tube '' but with sex being the constant theme . Poorly written and edited . Go watch `` Grove Tube '' or `` Kentucky Fried Movie '' instead.F-bomb , sex , nudity
 While I was watching `` Extreme Movie '' , I was like a lot of others who thought this movie was just plain bad . It really is bad . It seemed like it did n't know what it wanted to be , or where its focus should be . The film was everywhere . I originally rented it thinking it was a spoof of teen raunchy comedies like `` American Pie . '' The thing you really have to know about this movie it is more like one giant sketch , with several small sketches that make up the whole . Occasionally they would intersect and connect with each other . It is not a traditional movie , or spoof . I would deem it a sketch movie.Even understanding that maybe a sketch movie , it still fails in the overall outcome it tries to achieve . The film has a great concept , if it was delivered right . Marketing happened to also kill this movie . If it was advertised differently audience expectations would n't have been so extremely disappointed.Still , many of the sketches are just not entertaining . The opening sketch `` To the next level '' another great concept in theory , but it just fails flat on tape . Most of the shorts in the film are embarrassing to watch for the actors involved . Some like the unfunny `` fart sketch '' just drag on and on when it did n't need too . There are a few gems in the `` Extreme Movie '' like the short `` STD E-cards . '' The concept is funny . The delivery was decent but could have been taken to the next level.Another okay sketch was `` Blue Balls '' it was n't that funny but at least it was entertaining . The best part in the entire movie , at least for me , was the `` Who ordered a rape '' sketch . After talking to a girl -LRB- who happens to enjoy role playing that involves rape -RRB- in an online chat room , a teenage boy gets asked to come over to her place for a night of sex . He was required to come over in a mask to role play a rape fantasy , and not to drop character . The teenager goes to the wrong apartment building and plays the rapist to an older woman . He does n't realize that she not the same person who he was talking to online . This was the best part of the film , it made to movie worth it . -LRB- No rape involved -RRB- The scene was hilarious , the dialogue was great . Too bad the rest of the film was n't like this scene.The film ends in a song . The `` porn '' song was n't the greatest but still had its moments . If you are going to rent or buy this movie , you might just want to go scene selections instead and pick and choose the bits that are watched . Or be prepared to view a sketch movie that is n't that funny overall.This is just my opinion .
 It looked funny but turned out to be lousy ! A very disappointing film , the preview was actually the highlight of the entire movie !
 At first this movie appears to be a sort of television show with commercials , but not really . It 's sketch comedy , with the emphasis on sketchy.Nothing wrong with crude movies , those can be really funny . This one just seems to be crude for no apparent reason . The early montage of let 's go to the next level , starts out as the girl is a virgin . And it goes from there , passing through sheep , and small people . The joke was vaguely funny after the third thing , it then got old after number 20 . It was even older when repeated , let 's go to the next level , later in the film and a sheep appears -LRB- oh that got a giggle , ok -RRB- . There 's some horrible sex education class , that just becomes painful.It 's a parody on high school . Nerds . Popular kids . And bad film.The film is an hour and 10 minutes long , thankfully it did n't last longer . There 's bad acting , bad filming , bad sound , bad humor . Michael Cera shows up for a short time at the end of the film.The bonus feature includes a director commentary . This reviewer listened to bits and pieces and found it extremely annoying . Mostly talked about how to avoid getting a certain rating . How they auditioned many females for certain roles -LRB- topless scenes -RRB- . It just did n't go anywhere , and covered up the dialog of the film.This is R rated - not unrated at all . That is a rotten marketing trick on the outside of this dvd . There is so little nudity in here , it happens near the end . The scene at school with the marital aids was a bit over the top , long ; the vinyl female lower body went a lot long and was very graphic ; and the MPAA might not have liked either too much - but there was no nudity in either scene . Language was n't noticeable . And there was no violence - actually no bullying at all -LRB- there 's a positive -RRB- . This got two stars only because there were a few chuckles . It 's not really that funny .
 Im not joking . I saw this movie last night and was in awe of how ridiculous this movie is . It has not plot no story and makes no sense what so ever . It 's not even like those `` happy accident '' movies where there so bad there good . This movie is just insanely bad . Not one laugh for me . If you really hate some one and want to wish them pain . Get them this movie or rent it for them . But only if you truly hate some that person .
 Sure , ok , instead of crapping , pissing , spewing and spitting into a bucket for a week and then consuming its contents let 's watch this movie.Actually , no . Let 's not .
 Having first seen this film in college in the early 1980s , I was looking forward to seeing it again on DVD . I must say that while the movie itself is fine , the DVD needs work . The colorized version is dreadful . It has reduced the running time of the original film and the colorization is not good . The dubbed English is at times unbearable . The B&W version on the same disc has the original Italian soundtrack with subtitles and has the longer version of the film ; however , it is not a clear print . Wo n't somebody -LRB- like Criterion -RRB- please do a serious restoration of this film for DVD ?
 A budget release of Pasolini 's _ Gospel According to St. Matthew _ would seem too good to be true . Alas , this particular DVD proves neither good nor true.The only soundtrack here is the English-dubbed version . The original Italian-language soundtrack is not available , and the sound mix is seriously compromised whenever the dubbing is inserted . Ironically , this budget version boasts a slightly better transfer than the thirty-dollar deluxe edition . But even so , the picture is barely watchable , and even shows a few lines here and there that make the film look as if it had been copied off an old VCR.Despite the fact that this DVD is seven minutes shorter than the film 's official running time , it does n't seem to lack any footage . But the film does run at a faster speed than it ought , which throws the editing off kilter and makes the dubbing feel a little rushed . There are no extras , of course . _ Gospel According to St. Matthew _ is one of a few truly great religious films , but it has yet to receive even an adequate presentation on DVD .
 Pasolini 's `` The Gospel According to St. Matthew '' is one of the great Italian director 's most accessable films . It is also one of the few films about the life of Christ that looks and feels as if it was filmed during the time that Christ lived - this is no Hollywood production - this feels like the real thing -LRB- the one star is not for this 5 star film . -RRB- However I want to warn potential purchasers that this Water Bearer version is a high priced non-anamorphic , poor quality print -LRB- although it claims to be digitally remastered -RRB- , it has burned in subtitles with no chapter stops . I had thought DVD production and quality had improved greatly in the last couple of years , this is an unfortunate -LRB- 1 star -RRB- exception . If you want to see another great Pasolini film with a great anamorphic almost pristine transfer I would direct you to MGM 's version of his `` The Decameron '' .
 While I 'm not religious , we were transfixed by this stunning black and white film until defects in the DVD spoiled everything . Before buying it , I read reviews of others who encountered problems with the quality of the DVD , but I had heard so much about the film and waited so long for it to become available on DVD that I decided to take the risk . Bad decision . Clearly there are pervasive problems with quality control in the production of this DVD . We watched it up to the point where Jesus entered Jerusalem leading up to his death -LRB- spoiler alert -RRB- when the DVD just locked up . I could see no scratches , finger prints , or anything else on the surface of the DVD that might cause the problem , but I cleaned it anyway . It made no difference . I tried every trick I could think of to see the end of the movie , but nothing worked . As much as it pains me to say this , I suggest no one buy this DVD until another distributor , ideally Criterion , makes it available with better quality control .
 This is an italian movie , with the original language track in italian , and the Synergy box featured is in french . You would expect at least one of these languages , if only in subtitle . The disc I received has an ENGLISH DUB ONLY , and NO subtitle.There was no warning about this in the product specifications , and none even on the box . Deceptive .
 The Gospel According to St. MatthewThe film itself lives up to the hype . I was hoping that the Legend Films release had something more to offer regarding the black and white original version , mainly better subtitles that do n't wash out in some scenes , along with a better translation in some scenes as well . The colorized version sucks -LSB- like all colorized versions -RSB- , plain and simple - truncated by 50 minutes to 90 minutes in length , English dubbed , and is not the same experience as watching Passdolini 's original vision . It simply represents everything that is wrong with Christian marketing these days - the compromise of artistic integrity for a quick buck . Had Legend Films brought us a truly better print in all its black and white glory with some bonafide extras I could easily overlook the release 's shortcomings . Hopefully down the road this masterpiece will get the treatment -LSB- Criterion , preferably -RSB- it deserves .
 The video of the Gospel according To St. Matthew is of poor video quality . While this is a public domain film , there still should be a half decent video available .
 The `` restored '' part seems like it could possibly be a good thing , but throw in the `` and in color for the first time '' part and I 'm thinking I can keep waiting for a decent black and white version to appear someday ... Low rating of this particular DVD version due to its being colorized . -LRB- Film itself has a great reputation . -RRB-
 This DVD of The Gospel According to St. Matthew is deceptive . It should have Italian language and subtitles but instead features a stilted dubbing in English . And it has no sections or chapters . So , it does not do justice to Pasolini 's brilliant film and do n't be taken in by this product ; wait for something from Criterion or a producer who can do the right thing .
 A so-so rendition of the gospel that seems to assume that the viewer already is well familiar with the story .
 I purchased this film as recommended by a devotional I was reading in December.After about 30 minutes my family
 OK ... i loved it actually despite of it 's horrible English voiceover . But one has to be a film buff to appreciate it for its genre and for the time it was filmed . It was filmed quickly and I 'm sure was considered the step child film in the industry to Nicholas Ray 's 1961 `` King of Kings '' starring Jeffrey Hunter . Oh , buy it and love it ! Then give it away as a gift or sell it you know where .
 I have to confess , I have not watched all of this , but that 's because I found it un-interesting . There are sub-titles and acting , etc. that I did n't like . On the other hand , the DVD `` The Gospel of John '' , which I bought at the same time , has suddenly become my favorite movie of all time .
 Purchased this after reading Thomas Merton 's high praise of the film in one of his books.If Thomas Merton said it was great , then I knew I had to get it.I found the film to be dated and unremarkable.Worse yet , I could n't help but be repeatedly drawn to the unibrow of the character who played Jesus.It really is weird and distracting , check it out .
 Take the gospel according to St. Matthew as it is rendered in the new testament and ... add nothing . Add no interpretation , no emphasis . Add no character , no critical comment . Add no plot development , no new symbolism . Take nothing away either . What you have is a visual version of the original text , complete with all the preachings . Indeed the film is one long delivery of Jesus-quotes , the rest of the characters and environment only serving as backdrop . The character portrayal in general completely lacks the potential of empathy . We never seem to know Jesus or his followers or understand them . They are like players reciting , because that is exactly what they are . Whether this is what Pasolini intended for the actors to do is not to be know , but it is to be hoped on his behalf that it was not . For anyone at all familiar with the gospel , the 2h 20min are tedious , predictable to the extreme and worst of all completely unoriginal viewing . That noone else has done a Jesus-portrait this faithful to the text does not make the film either bold or daring or at all interesting . Anyone can duplicate ; it is interpretation and emphasis that makes for compelling works of art . If you are more inclined towards viewing than reading , and want to know the original gospel according to St. Matthew , then you should see this film . Otherwise you are best advised to steer clear , unless perhaps you excell at ` seeing ' boldness and originality where there is none .
 I was very disappointed in the product as I thought it was like the video the Gospel of John which was excellent . I provider of the movie did an excellent job of getting the movie to me . I have seen the Gospel of Matthew in a different format and hope that one will be closer to the NIV .
 Hit the snooze button cause I 'm dozing off here
 This dvd only plays in licensed devices . Why is this not stated ? I have never heard of this . Needless to say dvd will not play . Should n't the seller inquire if the buyer has a licensed dvd player ? Very disappointed . After trying to get it to play in different dvd player at the bottom of the case in very small print it says only plays in licensed dvd players . Absolutely absurd .
 It 's difficult to watch this movie after having seen both Capote and the original version of In Cold Blood . Toby Jones ' acts as though he 's in a terrible satire , definately NOT his best work . I wanted to love this as much as Capote due to the supporting cast but I definately did n't .
 Perhaps it is because I saw the Philip Seymore Hoffman version or even the Robert Blake Scott Wilson movie first but I just did n't think this movie was nearly as good as the two that came out before it . I find Sandra Bullock to be a second rate actress . She is good in light fluff roles but she is very limited in this role that needed an actress with some chops . This is not a bad movie but it is simply third best in a group on the same topic .
 I had seen the incredible Capote , and was looking forward to Infamous as a companion piece . Forget it . This movie comes off as a poorly-made joke.Infamous has none of the gravitas , humanity or insight seen in the earlier film . What humor it has is without any subtlety , and pops up in the most outrageous places . Characters are weakly introduced and disappear again , leaving only a shallow impression . The actor who plays Capote does look strikingly like him , but interesting enough , Hoffman 's Capote was more effective , more real . He worried less about `` the look '' , and instead gave a performance of intelligence and fragility , and heart.Infamous took an ugly and ridiculous turn with the introduction of Perry Smith . This Perry was so over-the-top , especially compared to Clifton Collins ' nuanced and heartbreaking portrayal of Smith , that it was almost insulting.There were just so many bad aspects to this movie that it 's hard to touch on them all . From the off-handed capture of the killers , to the bland cinematography , to the inappropriate humor , Infamous is a mess . Stick with the far superior `` Capote '' .
 So here is this Toby fellow acting out Truman Capote and leaving the actual theme of the movie to second thought . . Yes , Infamous is the also ran to Capote . . the genius film that won the Oscar for Phil Seymour and rightfully so.This film is flawed from the beginning ... for instance -- attention to detail -- In three success scenes Capote is noshing at The Cocoanut Grove in Los Angeles ... to Joe Allen in NY -- to well , Im not sure of the venue in the third scene -- but this blew it for me right away ... I was bent on thumbs down from the outset ... and so , in the end , it was appropriate . . `` Infamous '' -- it is to laugh .
 DIRECT QUOTES FROM THE END OF THE MOVIE : `` We 're not a country like France where charm , something light or effervescent can survive . We want everything you have and we want it as fast as you can turn it out ... `` I 'd rather be here and keep my wallet than be in France supporting someone else 's `` effervescence . ''
 this nothing but a copy of the nova pbs program that was produced for the sole purpose og `` proving the single bullett theory '' the program also serves an injustice to the dallas dr 's by taking ther opinions out of context by editing making them look like bumbling idiots . not one word was said about nova in the product offer or the liner notes on the package . shame on all of you , keep up the good work on the on-going cover-up.gitjoe45@aol.com
 I thought Wim Wenders was incapable of making a bad film until I saw this . Apparently the idea was conceived by Bono of U2 -LRB- who should clearly stick to churning out pop songs -RRB- . It started out well , with lots of the clever signature devices that come with a Wenders film , and had a promising cast , flagshipped by big names such as Mel Gibson and Tim Roth . However , it quickly went downhill , and before long it became apparent that whatever story lay behind the film had run its course in the first ten minutes . The remainder of the film revolved around the relationship between Tom Tom and Eloise , both of whom were clearly a couple of Lancasters short of a full squadron , and whose efforts to communicate lay in a series of grunts , twitches and slaps . No doubt this was meant to be endearing and heart-warming . In fact it was tedious and boring to the point where I wanted to bludgeon the pair of them to death with a lead pipe . I could n't tell you how it ended , because I fell asleep long before that blessed moment came to pass . Wenders is a brilliant film-maker , but this is clearly the exception proving the rule
 Keep away . Absolute self indulgent garbage . Pretentious tosh . The main character mumbles throught the film . `` nutters '' are all portrayed as people scratching their heads whilst staring at the floor with a pained expression all their other attributes are copied off crazys portrayed in other films -LRB- Brad Pitt-12 monkeys for example -RRB- . It tries SO hard to be original and clever and fails on both counts . There are a couple of humorous lines in it but thats it . The DVD commentary is equally dull . Highlights include Bono pointing HIMSELF out when the credits roll . The interviews seem like an extension of the film . The cast , director and co writer -LRB- Bono -RRB- are SOO intense . They take the film SOO seriously . Mel Gibson says of his character , a cop `` hes investigating a case and he doesnt ask any questions '' this sentence is followed by an embarrased confused look . Probably thinking to himself `` so why the hell did I agree to do the film ? '' Completely dreadful !!
 I have seen about 3,000 movies in my lifetime , but this is the absolute worst movie I have ever seen -LRB- I really am not exaggerating -RRB- . I had actually seen this movie and knew how bad it was BEFORE I bought this DVD . I honestly bought this DVD to show my friends how bad the movie was because they could n't believe my description of it . I feel sorry for Mel Gibson . I bet he wishes this movie never existed . His role in the movie was bad at best , and was still the best actor in the movie - by far . The movie is depressing , but not Schindler 's List depressing - this is absolutely uninteresting . There is no excitement , sadness , happiness , intelligence , etc. . This movie is absolutely devoid of any emotions at all . It is a story of a bunch of strange , mentally ill people who live in a depressingly old hotel . One guy jumps off of the roof and Mel Gibson tries to figure out why . If you think you will get to enjoy a good murder mystery movie - forget it , this is no intellectual who-dunnit . The only 10 seconds that even made me crack a half of a smile is the mentally ill guy who thinks he is John Lennon . I finally figured out why the guy jumped off of the roof - it was because he had to watch this movie ! If you do n't mind spending the money on this movie , you should buy it , just to say that you own a copy of the worst movie ever produced -LRB- I did -RRB- . After talking with several people the only other contender to this is a 12 hour long sci-fi movie with a cheesy title like `` my alien mother ate your head '' or something . I have never seen the sci-fi movie and do n't know the exact title , but I imagine it might be in the running as well as this one . I feel like I need a Thorazine just to get through this movie without ripping my eyes out and stabbing my brain with the remote control . You can forget a deprivation chamber or water-boarding , Guantanamo should use this movie to get some real answers .
 if your into romanticizing junkies and insanity , you love this pseudo-intellectual pretentious piece of garbage . Even a Bud Cort cameo could n't save this trash . Bono must think he 's some sort of prodigal son spreading the word of Mother Truth to us close-minded peon earthlings . Get over yourself . U 2 are just another brick in the wall .
 Win Wenders used to be good . Films such as Wings of desire and Paris , Texas were so beautiful that changed cinema history . But nowadays , the truth is a bit different . Wenders has no more that feeling he used to . And so he makes a films like this The Million ... I do n't know what 's more problematic , if it is the confusing and boring screenplay or the burocratic direction . Anyway , the result is sad . Nothing seems to work here . Even the soundtrack is so boring . Only two songs save -LRB- The ground beneath her feet and Falling at your feet -RRB- . Now , I think nobody is the same . Wenders un-learned how to direct and Bono forget how to sing ... By the way , it was too much for him write a song , so how could he dare to write a story for a film ? To sum up , it is sad to see how bad is the entertainment world is going ... No good films or even songs ...
 As a huge fan of Prince , and U2 , I usually go out of my way to be very kind when they dabble in the world of film . U2 's soundtrack to this thing is pretty good , and sometimes great . The movie , written by U2 's Bono , just may be the worst film that any musician has ever been involved with . To be worse than Prince 's Graffiti Bridge takes Ed Wood type talent , and Bono and Wim Wenders somehow manage to pull this off . I have no idea what it is supposed to be about . Some guy is mumbling to some girl , and I think they live in a Hotel , but nothing in this film is made clear . I almost want to say it is so bad that it is good , but this film goes full circle a few times
 Appearently , the classic observation that German poets muddy the waters to make them appear deep applies to film directors as well . Basicly a silly movie for those who fancy themselves sophisticated intellectuals in need of their periodic euro-film-fix . It was n't even all that good as such -- If Wenders had set it in Friedrichshain and in German rather than English it might have worked.Wenders , Gibson and the others involved have done better work in the past and hopefully will again .
 The film has Skinner -LRB- Mel Gibson -RRB- as a FBI agent sent to a low life hotel to investigate the death of an artist named Izzy -LRB- Tim Roth . -RRB- Everyone thinks that it was just suicied . But old Skinner knows better and through some searching comes up with his own idea . The film also has Tom-Tom -LRB- Jeremy Davies -RRB- who 's best friend was Izzy as the main suspect . But the film goes and does nothing but burn up two hours . You can even see Mel yawning on screen.It is the one Mel Gibson film we should like to forget . Grade :D -
 I expected a great deal from this movie . I was overwhelmingly disappointed . It gets one star because I HAVE to give it at least one star , there 's no option for ' 0 star ' . I am a huge U2 fan , but the music was downright dull . It all sounded like the same song over and over again , and as the person I was watching the movie with stated , it was filled with Bono 's masturbatory musical moments -LRB- ie . unnecessary musical vignettes during a scene , lyrics that were dour , dull and pretty much unrelated to the action , etc. -RRB- I am a HUGE Mel Gibson fan , and love Jimmy Smits , but both of their performances were mediocre , at best . It surely had more to do with an uninspired -LRB- and uninspiring -RRB- script than any shortcomings of theirs.I wo n't give away the big mystery behind Mel 's neck brace , but it was the most ridiculous plot twist -LRB- if you could call it that ?!? -RRB- I 've ever been subjected to.What a waste of time and money this was . It 's a stinker .
 It is not often that I walk out of the theater before the movie ends . In fact this is the first time I ever did in probably 25 years . After almost a very excruciating hour I just could n't take it any longer . This is one of those movies where everyone wants to pretend to see a deeper meaning than what it really is . I enjoy independent films and films that move away from main stream Hollywood . However , this was pure garbage . Some guy narrates this movie with unyielding rhetoric only to finally jump off the roof . Mel Gibson could n't save this movie , he was just as bad as the rest of the characters . I would give negative stars to this movie if I could . Do n't waste your money and do n't rent this movie .
 This book is a low-grade rewrite of dream team , which is a copy of one flew over the cuckoos nest , witch if a rip off of Don Quixote . So we see that everything is a copy of some classic , and as time progresses , the copies get worse , like running Shakespeare through a Xerox machine so the copies get more and more degraded each time.The music is n't even up to par with u2 's standasrds . I think that ` passengers ' is a better soundtrack like miss Sarajevo which is really a monotonous song , but bono and the lads breath live and power into what would normally be a sub-B side song . But satellite of love is n't up to snuff there are better versions of this song.An odd film to be sure but are crazy people really that virtupus , and do they really see things saner than we do ? We should get real with thementally ill abnd increase funding and nor glamorizeing a disease .
 this movie is possibly the worst movie i have ever seen . It would have probly been better if you could hear the words the people were saying half of the time . And do n't use any of that i am shallow i do n't get it ... because i get alot of things and i find depressing movies with hard to follow storylines easy to understand . but this is awful . it has no point and if you buy it you would surely be wasting your money . the music is awuful and the plot is teriible . i can understand why some people gave it bad raitings but not why some gave it good ones . do not buy this movie or watse you money on renting it . I am saving you from a huge dissapointment . I wish i could have gieven it zero stars .
 I rented this movie because a friend of mine made the statement , `` Mel Gibson has never been a BAD film '' . Boy was he wrong . Mel must have owed somebody a HUGE favor for him to take the role of Agent Skinner -LRB- X-Files anyone ? -RRB- . This film had NO basis in reality . The story was weak , boring , and had NO point whatsoever . The Acting was HORRIBLE . I have NEVER seen a group of actors looking like they COULD N'T WAIT for the filming to end . Mel Gibson was absolutely TERRIBLE . I was truly AMAZED that there were actual Human Beings that ENJOYED this film . I read the previously printed reviews and was in utter unbelief . I mean I 've enjoyed my share of BAD movies -LRB- like HOUSE and HOUSE 2 -RRB- , but at least those Movies had a little fun on their way to the Movie Trash Bin . I really do n't understand WHY this film was made OR how it even survived the DVD Transfer -LRB- it should 've melted as it recorded -RRB- . I have to say this is probably THE worst Movie I have EVER seen in my life . I thought it was a Movie called SPIDERS -LRB- you can read my Review of that one right here at Amazon.com -RRB- , but , to my disbelief -LRB- and dismay -RRB- Hollywood has actually produced another Raspberry Award Nominee . My only regret about this review is that I HAD to give it at least ONE STAR . Please forgive me ; it deserves ZERO !!!
 This review is for anyone who , like me saw the trailer and said to them selves `` wow that looks like a really cool detective movie '' , well its not a detective movie , Mel Gibson is in it as a detective this much is true but his character take a black seat in this picture , wandering in and out of the story line at his will . The real story is about is about two of the crazy people that are staying at this hotel flirting with each other.Milla Jovovich plays her underwritten part well with lots of subtel moments I 'm sure people wont pick up on straight away , ... Tom Tom character is mentally retarded so its really hard to work out his reasonings and motivation ...
 `` Sometimes the line between art & garbage is thin ! '' A movie like this should NOT have used a line like that ! It 's a shame that a quallity name such as Mel Gibson would allow himself to be associated with this mess . Gibson is a disabled dictective investagating a murder -LRB- or suicide -RRB- in a hotel of `` artists '' . `` Artist '' has always been a polite word for LOOSER and the characters in this hotel prove that ! The viewer is not always sure what 's going on but after a while does n't care ! However , Euro trash loved this movie and it won an award at some Micky-Mouse film festival in Germany ! Even die-hard Gibson with pleasant memories of `` Brave Heart '' , `` Road Warrior '' and `` lethal Weapon 2 '' will want to miss this one .
 This is one of those movies that is `` artistic '' because someone was trying really really really hard to make it that way . People say that art is in the eye of the beholder and I have typically felt that the so-called `` artistic '' movies try so hard to be `` artistic '' that they become ... In this case , I am the beholder and I say that this movie is garbage , even for Mel Gibson , who is a wonderful actor . I feel the same way about this movie as I did about Pulp Fiction and Taxi Driver . This movie was ... The plot was dumb . The ending was dumb . The characters and acting were ridiculous and ... . well I dunno ! There are so many bad things I could say about this movie but I do n't want to waste anymore of my time . I have other things I could be doing . I just felt the need to print my very very negative review .
 Whilst flicking through the new releases listings I noticed that this film had received cracking reviews and ratings from other Amazon shoppers , this alarmed me so much that I felt my opinion should be heard -LRB- something I do n't usually do -RRB- . I believe that everybody has their `` Do not , no matter what , go and see this film '' story , which you will tell your friends and colleagues and even have a bit of a chuckle about it . I went to see Million Dollar Hotel during its theatrical release here in the UK.A film requires characters that are slightly likeable ... This film sadly has none . I also believe that a film requires a screenplay that has some substance to it , hell it might even overpower the terrible characters , but again this film is incredibly lacking in this facet.So a film which has characters and a story that are both neither interesting nor attractive , I then continue to tell you why you should not see this film . I believe that a film can be very stylised and very cool , I love the Coen Bros. , Gilliam and Kubrick , all who perform their stylising very well , sadly I felt that this film tried too hard and it looked poo , the dirtiness annoyed me , Jovovich 's character was sooo flaky it was untrue , the lead character Tom-Tom -LRB- Jeremy Davies -RRB- was intensely irritating , believe it or not Gibson was the only actor that provided some clean relief and I hope that this is a film that Roth will never admit that he was ever involved in.A film of such poor substance is generally forgivable if it has loads of explosions , special effects , fighting etc. but , you guessed it , it does n't , just a crappy film that will please such a small minority of Wim Wenders fans it really should n't have been made.Other than all of the above shortcomings it has more , YES MORE , reasons why you should n't see this movie , from the opening credits it was obvious that Bono had been significantly involved in this movies production , from score to cameo 's , all of this gave the film a feel of a Bono music video , a crap music video , with a poor story behind it . 15 minutes into themovie and any intelligent person will be able to tell that this film is not going to get any better.Please , for your own sake do not watch this film , to quote Delroy Lindo in get shorty `` I have seen better film on teeth . `` Please do not watch it to see how bad it is , it really , really sucks ! then again you will always need something bad to compare the good to I suppose .
 Too bad there is not a rating of MINUS-stars . This film is garbage ; boring , pretentious , and meaningless . Perhaps other reviews can attach their own fantasies and for them this DOA film may say something . But I found it an irritating waste of time . When a script and the characters within it have no definition , no relevance , and no entertainment value - watching it becomes either self-torture or an exercise in pretending that it serves some arty vision . This is the only time that Mel Gibson let me down . I understand he donated his services to this production and , in that case , he was very much overpaid .
 Despite of having the hand of a true great director at the helm and a multi-star cast -LRB- including a top-notch soundtrack by U2 -RRB- , the movie lacks the rhythm and charisma needed to live up to its expectations , with great performances lost in a bad script . It 's just a wanna-be art movie , and nothing else .
 This was a real waste of time . Nothing good about this viewing experience . It could have been much `` better '' if it had been thirty minutes long . Just chop out all of the relentlessly tedious middle of the movie . This was just horrible .
 This is one of those movies you pick up in the video store because it has Mel Gibson on the cover and Tim Roth in the back . Surprise , Roth is in this flick for about two seconds , and Gibson is stuck in a toned down reprise of his `` Payback '' role . Which means gravelly voice and none of the charm that is his speciality . The plot is fragmented , the stories are crudely stuck together and the acting is sub-par . Milla Jovovich is fun to look at , like always , but apart from her startlingly sharp cheekbones and piercing eyes , she is pretty well glamoured down.You should be able to figure out the situation behind this movie without even watching it . It is a 2001 release that most people have never heard of . A film released straight to video with Mel Gibson ? How could a studio do that to a film with such a marketable star ? Remember movie executives are there to make money , if they thought there was anything even remotely worthwhile in this film then it must have been horrible . It is.The movie drags along under the narration of Jeremy Davies ' character , Tom-Tom . The lines do n't explain anything , are often repetitive , and are often whispered for the sake of generating some atmosphere . The only thing they suceed in generating is annoyance.I could go on , but what 's the point ? Do n't watch this movie , do n't rent it , and certainly do n't buy it . It is n't good . Plain and simple . Save your money and , instead , go and rent any of the actually good films that any one of these actors has had a part in .
 I 'm sure the intent was to blow minds with indescribable brilliance , but sadly the outcome only raised the bar on cheez-ball arty pretension to new heights . MDH is one of the most contrived films ever.Let me give you an example . One of the loonies who inhabit the so-called Million Dollar Hotel is a `` wounded soul '' called Eloise . She also happens to be the resident prostitute and muse -LRB- i guess -RRB- . At one point she says , `` I 'm not real , i 'm fictional . '' At this point , I want to kick Eloise in the head . Oh ... uh , the gushing blood and that throbbing pain in your head are n't real ... they 're fictional . It 'll be o.k. ... just click your ruby red shoes together 3 times.In all seriousness , this movie is about as deep as the Taco bell dog 's pee puddle . It is a by-product of heroin chic silliness . It is oddball for the sake of beingoddball . It is a little too clever for it 's own good -LRB- not that clever is bad , but I believe there is a point when it can come across as being forced , not to mention annoying -RRB- . It is a big fat goose egg.Basically , this film just tried too hard to be profound , and it just was n't -LSB- period -RSB- It has the poetic stylings of some pasty-faced Goth kid living in a suburb filled with palm-trees , golf courses , and subscriptions to Vogue . word up .
 DOUBLE IDENTITY made me double angry for wasting my afternoon watching it and I only suffered through its entirety to submit a fair review . Val Kilmer must either owe a favor , need the money or someone has something on him -LRB- ie
 Double Identity , also known as Fake Identity , is yet another dull addition to a string of straight to video movies by Val Kilmer . The film takes elements from North By Northwest , a mistaken identity film by Alfred Hitchcock . It 's equal parts smooth British spies , expressionless Eastern Europeans , and cutthroat diamond merchants.Val Kilmer is uninspiring as a hapless American doctor in Bulgaria that ultimately travels to Prague to evade his assailants . The movie 's cover is misleading , as it portrays Kilmer as something of a spy or action hero . Helping him along the way is the lovely secret agent played by Polish actress Izabella Miko -LRB- Athena in Clash of the Titans -RRB- . The direction and cinematography are both decent , but the acting and writing both are sub-par . The film lacks an original story , and just is n't suspenseful . I would n't suggest even renting this movie , as it will only remind you of how hard Kilmer has fallen off since the 80 's and 90 's .
 Think of this movie as 90 minutes of your life you 'll never get back again . The whole movie is spun around a tale of mistaken identity . Val 's character miraculously and seamlessly goes from being a family physician to a secret agent he has been mistaken for . Instantly Val knows how to disarm somebody with his bare hands , shoot a gun with perfect accuracy , and talk himself out of any situation.In a nutshell
 Where to start ... The movie centers around a case of mistaken identity . A very out of shape -LRB- and quite possible intoxicated -RRB- Val Kilmer plays the lead , a doctor mistaken for a spy . Miraculously Kilmer somehow becomes Jason Borne in the process . There are double and triple agents involved , none of which are properly introduced . The viewer has no idea who is working for who -LRB- and not in a good way -RRB- . The plot lacks any sense of direction and the acting is simply terrible . Set in 1992 , all the characters use cell phones and drive cars from the mid 2000s . It is impossible to follow and the viewer has literally no idea what is happening throughout the movie . I would n't recommend this movie even out of a RedBox . Instead , save yourself a dollar and 90 minutes of your life .
 This film absolutely had no direction - almost as if it was made up as it went along . The viewer is then stuck trying to follow a plot which then all of a sudden changes for no reason . I agree with the other two reviews - horrible film and Val Kilmer adds nothing to it . This film was just as bad as The Ministers which starred John Leguizamo - and that film was one of the worst in recent history .
 I 've always liked Val Kilmer 's work and thought `` any movie he 's in must be good . '' Well , good grief , this flick sucked big time . It was impossible to recognized a plot line and even fizzled at the end . Unfortunately , I bought this movie and now wish I had only wasted my money renting it . Sorry , Val ! Is you 're career really in the tank ? I sure hope not !
 Who told the fat , slow Kilmer he would be perfect for the role ? Why would a beautiful spy fall in love with this dude ? If you do n't want to take drugs to help you fall asleep , just watch this movie ... I 'm totally picturing Kilmer in his boxer shorts eating pork rinds in his trailer between takes ...
 Other than the beautiful Izabella Miko -LRB- who plays Katrine -RRB- , this movie is unwatchable . In an attempt to make this boring story a thriller , director and co-writer Dennis Dimster gives the audience as much information as to what is going on as the protagonist -LRB- Dr. Nicholas Pinter , played by the bloated Val Kilmer -RRB- . Essentially , Dr. Pinter is misidentified as John Charter , a character who is not credited . The film consists of Val Kilmer being made to run -LRB- which is unintentionally funny -RRB- or be delivered to a series of random scenes . It 's disorienting for the audience , because most of the other characters have some idea of their roles , but Kilmer 's character is clueless.Because this movie is so poor , and there 's nothing really much to say about it , I am going to blame Kilmer 's long greasy hair and beard for how dumb this movie is . If your bearded , greasy-haired mug is in every newspaper , and you want to escape detection , perhaps the `` doctor '' would have thought to , I do n't know , have a shave and wash and cut his hair . It could have made for a believable moment in this otherwise imploded mess .
 The storyline is thin and confusing . Kilmer turns in a decent performance but the overall movie is n't worth the time it takes to watch it . It 's sad to see a great actor like Val Kilmer reduced to such sub-par b-movies .
 Most of you out there might not know that this film was released on video way way back in 1977 , under Allied Artists video -LRB- Cabaret was also released then . -RRB- which went out of business promptly . THIS WAS THE VIDEO TAPE THEY USED FOR THIS RELEASE . The funny thing is , that the transfer I made -LRB- I happen to have the original video tape - in Beta , which was a better format picture quality-wise -RRB- looks better - which is sad . I fully expected -LRB- at least -RRB- a new transfer if not in 35mm -LRB- which , I 'm sure is quite unobtainable - might not even exist any more in 35mm anyway -RRB- but an old 1977 video tape ???? I have to quetion this . 5 had to give at least 1 star for people who might say `` well , it 's better than nothing . '' Precisely . The film itself is a cute fluff with several good musical numbers . Highlight being Connee Boswell singing STORMY WEATHER .
 The enduring popularity of The Three Stooges is directly attributable to the 190 comedy shorts the team made for Columbia Pictures -LRB- 1934-1959 -RRB- , particularly the 97 entries featuring Curly Howard as the third Stooge . While several of these classic comedies are available on DVD , a few non-Columbia Stooge curios have turned up , including this title.SWING PARADE OF 1946 is a low-budget musical produced by the lowly Monogram Pictures , starring Gale Storm and Phil Regan , with Moe , Larry and Curly providing comedy relief . Away from their home studio , the boys seem to be a little disoriented ; worse yet , Curly is clearly in declining health -LRB- later that year he suffered a stroke that forced him to drop out of the act -RRB- . Rabid Stooge fans may want to check this one out , although it 's nowhere near the level of their best work . Casual viewers in search of the usual boisterous antics are advised to look elsewhere .
 `` Swing Parade of 1946 '' is a low-budget Monogram hodgepodge with some intriguing talent on display . Behind the cameras are cult filmmaker Phil Karlson and future writer-director Nicholas Ray -LRB- credited with `` additional dialogue '' -RRB- . In front of the cameras are Louis Jordan , Connee Boswell , Gale Storm , Edward Brophy and comic relief from the Three Stooges -LRB- their last feature with Curly Howard -RRB- . Standout numbers include Jordan 's `` Caldonia '' and Boswell 's `` Stormy Weather . '' The Stooges help enliven the dead spots . Hardly classic cinema , but a historic curio nonetheless .
 Acting is poor and most of the music is nearly unbearably dull . I bought this movie for Louis Jordan 's two appearances , and was not disappointed . Louis ' performances of `` Do n't Worry ` bout That Mule '' and `` Caldonia '' shine . The 3 Stooges are the only other enjoyable part of the film , especially Curley 's performance as a dumb waiter . If you 're not a Stooges or Swing fan , forget it .
 This was a boring film , but there was one scene in it at the end of the movie that made sitting through it worth while . Some actor -LRB- do n't know who -RRB- rivals Jim Carrey with his imitation of different sounds .
 I got the Rifftrax version of the movie . I knew it would be interesting to see , and it is , but I would say this is impossible to watch more than once - with or without the Rifftrax commentary . The movie is just plain bad . Nothing happens except a lot of songs , some Stooge routines you 've already seen before , a kid doing a bad sound effect routine , and one of the weakest plots in all history . Seriously . It starts out with a lady looking for a job to be able to pay her rent , and she works for one night club that 's competing with another night club , and I think the night clubs might be owned by the same family , with the younger son trying to show he can stand on his own two feet . Well that 's all well and good , but then you get to a song . Okay . Then a Stooge routine , then another song , then a small attempt at looking like there 's a plot still going on , then another song , then another song , then a Stooge routine , then another song , and then another small jab at continuing the plot , and the process repeats . Then a new character is introduced 20 minutes until the end . Then two more songs , and it 's over . I never figured out what happened . Swing Parade is what its name implies . A constant parade of songs from the swing era , and little else . Dull , dull , dull . You might as well just buy a record from the 40 's , because this is no better . It 's actually quite worse with the meaningless skits that try to mimic plot development . No amount of commentary can help this movie . Watch it once if you 're curious , but no more than that . Thank goodness for Rifftrax shorts .
 In the 1980s , the colorization companies all shot themselves and the process in the foot with the poorly done movies they inflicted on the public . The term `` colorization '' became hated because of this sloppy product and because the process threatened to keep the black-and-white originals off the market.With their first 3 Stooges DVD -LRB- titled simply `` The Three Stooges in Color '' -RRB- Legend Films showed us that they are not stuck in the 80s . THAT DVD was gorgeous , with lively color well applied throughout each short film . `` Swing Parade '' however , is an unfortunate throwback to the previous generation . The colors applied here are very unrealistic and muted . At best , it looks like a hand-tinted photo from around 1912 . At worst , it looks ridiculous , with a green-skinned man standing next to a normal looking woman . The colorizers were sloppy as well , with such glaring errors as the central character 's coat changing colors during the course of the film.Of course , the saving grace is that Legend Films includes the original black-and-white version of the film on the same disc . It 's just a shame that after showing us what they can do , they got sloppy . The film has not been cleaned up , either ; there are dirt and scratches in many scenes.But I 'm wondering if the biggest mistake of all was n't bringing this film to DVD at all . It 's a very weak movie . The attempt at a plot is better not thought about . The Stooges get very little chance to do much of anything . The usually wonderful Connee Boswell does not get to swing at all , and her screen presence is like that of a mannequin . Far and away the best bit in the movie is a great rendition of `` Caldonia '' by Louis Jordan and His Tympany Five . But three minutes ca n't save the rest of the movie .
 Most people today would want to see this for two reasons . 1 -RRB- The Three Stooges -LRB- the classic lineup featuring Jerome `` Curly '' Howard -RRB- and 2 -RRB- The performaces by the clown princes of jazz Louis Jordan and the Tympani Five.Overall , it 's a really weak and stupid backstage tale featuring Gale Strom -LRB- from the almost forgotten `` My Little Margie '' -RRB- . Sadly , the beloved Stooges do n't really have that much to do . The slapping slapstick is quite bland for those accustomed to classic Stoogery and Curly is clearly sick in this one -LRB- his career-ending stroke was not long afterwards -RRB- . Do n't bother folks , stick with the short subjects.The one thing that peps the film up is the appearance -LRB- s -RRB- of the super-lunatic madman surpreme and crown prince of jazz comedy-Louis Jordan and the Tymapny 5 . They actually start the film off with an enjoyable version of `` Do n't Worry About The Mule '' and later , they set the screen on fire with `` Caldonia . '' They start off by playing flourescent instruments in the dark and at the end of the tune , LJ puts down his sax and does a rollicking , high stepping dance with his chorus girls.This is the only thing that is really worth seeing in this film and that 's why it gets 2 stars instead of one from me . Too bad Jordan and the Stooges do n't interact in this movie . Also , stay away from the really stupid commentary track that is filled with grossly unfunny gags and no information about the film whatsoever . Unless you 're a Louis Jordan or Stooge completist , avoid at all costs .
 This movie starts with the married couple Jack Lemmon and Judy Holiday divorcing each other . The ending is very predictable . That would be okay , except the journey to the end is not much fun . Judy Holiday is just not an appealing actress . Kim Novak is not in the movie very much , and she comes across as a young bimbo . -LRB- She had much more depth in her role in Vertigo . -RRB- This movie is suppose to be a romantic comedy . There are flashbacks showing the couples courtship and these might be a little appealing with a different actress . Then there are scenes of Jack and Judy trying to learn to become swinging singles . Jack Lemmon 's womanizing friend was very unappealing . It turned my stomach listening to his little speech on various ways to try to get a woman in bed . There is n't any humor , and the script is just boring . Call me bored . However , the picture was crystal clear . Great copy of the movie .
 this nothing but a copy of the nova pbs program that was produced for the sole purpose og `` proving the single bullett theory '' the program also serves an injustice to the dallas dr 's by taking ther opinions out of context by editing making them look like bumbling idiots . not one word was said about nova in the product offer or the liner notes on the package . shame on all of you , keep up the good work on the on-going cover-up.gitjoe45@aol.com
 I remember them from when they were on but my wife had not seen them -LRB- we were n't married then -RRB- . We got Season One and found them primitive in story and writing and believablity , but they were nice when simple diversion was desired . The Second Season is more interesting in the European location photography , and the costumes a little less tacky . But the stories are still a welcome occasional diversion .
 Love Scarecrow & Mrs. King , but it 's been 8 months since season 1 was released ! To Warner Brothers , why release season 1 , if the following seasons were not going to be released in a timely manner ? It 's annoying ! To Amazon - I understand why seasons 2-4 are listed , so we can sign up for updates if the seasons are released , but if Warner Brothers does not indicate the seasons will be released , take the reference to the seasons off the site or pressure Warner Brothers to release them already .
 she had so much pleasure watching this show in its original version ! she 's improving her English and is now looking forward to watching season 2 + !!!
 Whoever talked Harrison Ford into doing this movie did him a great disservice . He actually has only one scene and one look in the entire movie ; haunted . He just has to keep doing the same scene over and over . We kept waiting for a plot to unfold but it never did and the wait was interminable . This was a real stinker .
 Oh , how I looked forward to this movie before is was released . Two of my favorite stars and one of my favorite directors . Who could ask for more ? As it turns out , I could ask for a lot more.Random Hearts starts off well . Dutch Van Der Broeek -LSB- Harrison Ford -RSB- and Kay Chandler -LSB- Kristin Scott Thomas -RSB- have never met . Their spouses certainly have . They are having an affair . One morning they take a flight to Miami . Dutch and Kay are worry-free , because they have not been told the truth . So when the plane crashes shortly after takeoff , killing everyone on board , Dutch and Kay go about their mundane daily business . News reports flash everywhere , but what has it to do with them ? Everything , as it turns out.Dutch is an undercover policeman , and when he finds out his wife was traveling under the name of Mrs. Peyton Chandler , he goes on a quest to find out about the length and duration of the affair . At first , Kay , who is a Congresswoman running for reelection , wants nothing to do with him . After much persistence , she joins him on a search for answers that can never be found . Along the way , they also fall for each other.Random Hearts is probably a well-meaning attempt at examining the grief process . It has so many problems that that examination never works . For one thing , this is one of the grimmest , most humorless movies I have seen in a long , long time . I should think that a veteran director like Sidney Pollock would know that , when the subject is heavy , you 've got to crack a joke or two along the way to relieve the audience 's stress . At least there should be a couple of characters who does n't need Prozac . This is especially true about a movie that runs nearly two and a half hours.I think the intention was to make the film poignant . Harrison Ford 's performance prevents its becoming this . He is unbelievably awkward in his love scenes with Kristin Scott Thomas . I ca n't imagine that he 's a bad lover , so I can only assume that this was his interpretation of the character . His sour-faced , awkward attempts at intimacy make it hard to believe that Kaye would want him much , if at all . Scott Thomas handles her role with aplomb , although her English accent creeps in now and then.There is a subplot involving Dutch 's undercover work . Except for a moment near the movie 's climax , it has nothing to do with the plot . Sadly , it 's a lot more interesting than the rest of the movie ...
 I thought something , some kind of big secret , a `` shock '' would be discovered , of course more than the affair , or `` the affair '' is just for cover something ... until `` the end '' , so I felt lost and empty after seeing this movie . One is a cop , another is a congressman , their wife and husband died together in this horrible way , and they are always so serious ... and this film is so serious and cold ... it is a thrill style , is n't it ? I understand `` the affair '' is a serious object to the two alive people , but by this way ??? It is not a bad movie , but I could n't feel satisfied after the director did his job like this . He 's given us some wrong implication . I think we should add something into this movie , let the alive people find out some truth we normal people really call `` truth '' , then the movie will be perfect . 2.5 stars actually .
 I was terribly disappointed by a movie with actors as classy as Harrison Ford and Kristin Scott Thomas . There seemed to be no acting at all in this movie - just a constant plodding from one scene to the next . Also , the relationship between the two leads is absolutely unbelievable so soon after the deaths of their respective spouses who they supposedly loved . This movie had no real plot , certainly did not live up to the description on the movie cover , and was a real dud . The only surprise in the movie came with the apparent ease of getting into Kristin Scott Thomas 's pants . Do yourself a favor and do n't watch it .
 This movie is really terrible . At its heart , Random Hearts lacks a coherent story . Sydney Pollack has tried -LRB- with miserble results , I might add -RRB- to overlap Ford and Thomas 's sordid love affair with her campaign and -LRB- even more un-interestingly -RRB- an Internal Affairs investigation that Ford is embroiled in . The peripherals are negligible and the core is rotten . On the whole , a blemish on Ford 's fine career . Definitely , two thumbs down !
 This appeared to have the makings of a great film . Harrison Ford , Kristen Scott Thomas , Sydney Pollack , mystery , etc. . I certainly understood that this was not the typical Harrison action film . No booming special effects , no endless numbers of murders . However , what I did n't expect is that nothing really happens . Yes , it is a mature subject . How would any of us deal with not only the sudden death of a spouse but the discovery that said spouse died along with her lover , also married ? Harrison delivers the shock , the rage and the desire to uncover the mystery quite well . At first . Unfortunately , the writing and the dialogue never take it any further . He just stays angry throughout the film . Kristin Scott Thomas plays a potentially strong female character who really just reacts to everything going on around her . Along with the main plot line , we see Harrison uncovering police corruption in his job with Internal Affairs . I have to say that this entire sequence contributed nothing to the overall film ; it was confusing , and it fizzled.It took me 2 days to watch all of this film . I was determined to see it through to the end and kept thinking that I just was n't getting the deeper meaning and needed to give it a chance . I have to agree with the critics though . This film had great potential on all levels but failed to meet any of it . Rent it if you have to see , but I do n't recommend investing in the purchase .
 Somewhere along the way to making `` Random Hearts '' , the director sold out . The first third of the film is great , both in plot and character development
 LIKE ... AND I 'M A FAN OF HIS . The premise was interesting and had potential ... two strangers are thrown together after their cheating spouses are killed in a plane crash . But it never went anywhere . Harrison Ford plays a police officer and there is a sub-plot that adds not a thing to the movie . Kristin Scott Thomas is good in her role ... much better than Harrison Ford who basicly plays a nudge . Thomas just wants to be left alone ... Ford just wants ... well ... something ... closure I suppose . Although why he chooses to look for it in Ms Thomas ' Levi 's is beyond me . I like both of these actors just look for them in other moveies . This one was a dud .
 This is the classic case of a big budget movie , with no script . The acting , cinematography , production and initial premise were all superb ; but the script was as empty as one could possibly imagine . I was insulted by the sub-plot -LRB- `` Dutch A Cop on the Edge '' -RRB- , it was like they were trying to distact men from noticing how bad the rest of the plot was . Also , there was NO romantic chemistry between the two leads -LRB- it was like watching two robots kiss -RRB- .
 I like Harrison Ford like most people but , I 'm sorry , this movie is bad . It was very slow and there is no point . The whole way through the movie , I was waiting for that thing to happen that would make the whole thing turn out to really be a good movie after all . But it never happened . It was a total waste of money . Harrison could have done much better than choosing that role .
 Man , for the most part , i 've always enjoyed Fords movies . And I do still enjoy his stuff . But this one , my god , I could n't take in enough coffee to stay awake for it . I was very bored during the whole movie . Harrison reminded me of a monotone Priest give a 90 minute sermon . I 'd suggest watching Raiders of the lost ark , backwards before watching this .
 The DVD came on a timely basis . I just had a chance to watch it yesterday , 12/6/08 . The DVD had a bad place about half way through the movie . I guess that 's to be expected with a used copy . I will think twice about ordering used in the future .
 Harrison Ford plays an internal affairs cop with a wife -LRB- Susanna Thompson -RRB- currently in external affair and soon to be submerged in a Southern Air flight among the fishes and her paramour -LRB- Peter Coyote -RRB- . The adulterous couple were on their way to a weekend tryst to Miami when something went terribly wrong . And something else goes terribly wrong from this point on -- the script.Harrison looks up Coyote 's wife -LRB- Kristin Scott Thomas -RRB- who is a congresswoman running for re-election . Harrison just ca n't let this thing go for two more torturous hours . I still have nightmares involving the extent of boredom this movie injected into my psyche.I would rather watch Night of the Lepus five consecutive times in an uncomfortable chair than to watch Random Hearts once again in my custom Lazyboy comfy recliner.Random comments I made to Movie Queen * during this viewing included
 I could n't not believe how they portrayed this movie as a mystery . The following is an example of the dialogue you will hear in this ` mystery ' : Dutch -LRB- Harrison Ford 's character -RRB-
 Reading the video box of Random Hearts , I was unwitingly lured into believing it was a mildly interesting intrigue thriller . I could not have been more wrong - in fact , it was possibly one of the worst films I have ever seen . Harrison Ford looked like a tired and dirty old man , Kristin Scott-Thomas was , well , Kristin-Scott Thomas , and there were times when the dialogue was so nauseatingly I struggled to sit through it . It was a tedious , useless and deeply disappointing film , and I strongly warn anyone who is a about to make the same mistake I did .
 You can tell that Harrison Ford is alive because his lips occasionally move . His face looks like it is carved in stone throughout the movie , no smiles , no sorrow , no happiness , just a death mask . His wife , and a congresswoman 's husband die together in a plane crash . It turns out that they were having an affair . The bereft husband -LRB- Ford -RRB- and wife -LRB- Thomas -RRB- sort of fall in love . You sit through this movie constantly wondering why anyone would fall for the wooden Harrison Ford . Do n't get me wrong , I like Harrison Ford , but in this flick his affectless performance makes John Wayne seem like Jerry Lewis.So there you have it , a totally uninteresting romance . This is one movie where you do not see the newly in love couple romping through a flowery meadow . In fact it would be more likely to have Scott take Ford to a mortuary and have him embalmed.Realizing that the audience will probably doze off from time to time , the director periodically livens things up by having Ford , a police officer , punch somebody out or threaten to kill someone . So that 's it , a policeman with total face paralysis takes up with a Republican -LRB- in case that matters to you -RRB- Congresswoman and they do things together . What things ? Well you know , sit on a park bench and eat sandwiches , fondle each other in a car , ransack the apartment where their ex spouses would have their trysts . Finally , the movie does n't end ; it just dies.Oh , I might add that if you go to the Rotten Tomatoes web site you 'll find that only 13 % of the top critics found Random Hearts to be an interesting movie . I tend to agree with Todd McCarthy of Variety when he says , `` Laborious , remote and strangely uninvolving . ''
 I am a fan of Harrison Ford . No matter how talented an actor is ... they can not save a movie with a bad story . The whole story behind Random Hearts is totally unbelievable . The chemistry between Harrison and Kristin Scott Thomas just does not work . I was highly disappointed by this movie . Unless you are a diehard Harrision Ford fan and you want this to add to your collection ... Rent this first !
 How could two excellent actors and an acclaimed director make such a bomb ? The premise does n't work from the start . Would a congresswoman 's husband sneak away on an affair booking the tickets in his name and his wife 's name when the mistress is 15 years younger than his wife , and is obviously not his wife ? The unknown mistress does n't use her real name , but the known guy uses his real name ? I did n't buy the romance , if that 's what it was , between Ford and Thomas for a second . They had no chemistry . The subplot of the police situation with Ford adds absolutely nothing . Loved Thomas in The English Patient , and Ford 's acting has been great since Witness , but this one just does n't work . Very disappointing . The previews made it look like a suspenseful movie , so I kept waiting for something to happen . Nothing happened ! P.s. Can somebody tell Ford , Eastwood , Redford , and Costner to demand that their female interests in films be within 10 years of their real ages ! The actress who played Ford 's wife could have passed for his daughter . Harrison , I love ya man , but you have matured and your love interests should as well . Why could n't they cast a good looking woman closer to Ford 's age ? She was only in the film for a short time .
 The basic plot to the movie is that Ford 's and Thomas 's spouses are having an affair together and die in a plane crash . Then Ford and Thomas develop a relationship together . A very strange plot and a very slow one too . I 'm a big Harrison Ford fan and own most of his movies , but I wo n't be getting this one .
 I thought this movie was a big disappointment . Harrison Ford plays a widow who finds out his wife was on a plane with her lover when they both die in the crash . He wants to know why his wife had an affair and how could she have lied to him and how long and how serious ... blah , blah . All he did was whine the entire movie . Also , he plays a police officer and not a very good one . This movie lacked substance and character .
 My husband and I love Harrison Ford movies . So we thought this one would be great too , because we also enjoy Kristen Scott Thomas . This movie lasted about 2 hours and 15 minutes . I think you could have watched the first half hour of the movie and would have gotten as much out of it as watching the whole thing . I think the `` plot '' of this movie was `` drug into the ground '' way too long . I mean , I would be upset too if my spouse was having an affair , but what can he do , she 's gone . You ca n't get revenge on someone who is no longer there . We were very dissappointed with this movie , after waiting so long for it to come out at the video stores .
 This movie is the kind that only a few people would actually like . I hired it to see it but it was n't what I expected for a movie rated in New Zealand as -LRB- M + Contains Violence & Offensive Language -RRB- . I HIGHLY reccomend you hire this first and if you like it , buy it , otherwise do n't . This movie is fairly boring and not even good actors could save it ! If you want to see a good movie with Harrison Ford , buy Air Force One ! See Ya
 This is a movie that you can invite your friends over and make fun . I am a HUGE Harrison Ford fan , but he looked ridiculous in this movie . He definitely was not ready for his close up - There is a close up of him that will make you cringe -LRB- earring , dyed hair and all -RRB- , for he looks every bit his 60-something age . - playing a top cop no less . Kristen Scott Thomas seemed to be in another movie , slipping in and out of an English accent . The music was shockingly dopey . There was NO chemistry between them . The plot and subplot tedious . Need I go on ! View for the giggles . Gave two stars for this reason alone .
 This movie features two miscast actors in an otherwise inferior story-line . I think I 'll read the novel that it was based on to see where the writer/director/producer went wrong ... I would recommend that to you as well before renting , or buying this Turkey .
 This movie has an extremely weak story line . Though Harrison Ford finds out that his wife was having an affair with Kristin Scott Thomas ' husband he keeps looking for something . Scenes in this movie come out of no where . This movie is incredibly boring and is not worth watching at all . When I finished this movie I thought I had been sitting there for 4 hrs . The only good thing about this movie is that it ends . Using Leonard Maltin 's scale I would give this movie BOMB meaning this is one of the worst movies I have ever seen . I would not give this movie any stars except I ca n't do that with the field . So I have to type BOMB .
 I 'm not disppointed because Ford did this movie and I only ` like him as an action charcter . No way . I 'm disppointed simply because the movie has a bad screenplay , that left Ford and THomas totally without control of their lousy characters , with no life at all . Bad motion picture . Do n't recommend it to anyone .
 Random Hearts was a difficult film for me to enjoy . It was so heart-wrenching to watch as two basically nice people are blind-sided by circumstance and painfully drawn to each other as if they had no other choice . It was not my notion of ` fun . ` Sydney Pollack 's work seems to be well cast in both its primary and secondary roles . I 'm a fan of most all these people . Harrison Ford is `` Dutch '' Van Den Broeck , a D.C. police sergeant with Internal Affairs . Kristin Scott Thomas is New Hampshire Congresswoman Kay Chandler . Charlie Dutton , Dennis Haysbert , Richard Jenkins , and Mr Pollack himself fill a few of the lesser and -- except for maybe Dutton as Alcee-mainly disinteresting roles . Outside of Alcee and Kay , it was difficult to care about anyone in this film.Despite the beautiful color , this is a film noir after the style of the 30s-50s . It does have more action and outdoor sequences which really require the color but , with some judicious re-writing , this could have been a brilliant piece in Black and White . The darkness of it all is emphasized by the arcane Jazz undertones in the musical score.Van Den Broeck 's wife and Chandler 's husband are killed in a plane crash . Apparently , they were on their way to Miami together and had probably done this before . There are more questions than answers as Dutch and Kay deal with the shock of their respective spouse 's deaths . They contort emotionally with stunned , angry and hurt feelings within as they slowly unravel the affair.Both principals look for answers in their own way . Kay wants to drop it , forget it and move on , hopefully protecting her daughter and the dignity of her office along the way . Dutch would like to know more about the dead couple
 I have always been a fan of Harrison Ford . So , when my girlfriend said she wanted to go see this `` chick flic '' I did n't mind . This movie was awful , both of us hated it . We almost left the theatre half way through the movie -LRB- many people did -RRB- , but we decided to give it a chance ... bad decision .
 It was n't the worst , but it was close . The story line is creative , but drags constantly . If you are bored and want a movie that will SLIGHTLY entertain you ... this is it . It seems as if Hollywood does n't have many good films to produce this year . Harrison Ford is a great actor , but this film does n't help his career at all !
 i absoulte love harrison ford . but this movie stionks . it is boring and has no point.you reallty could care less about the chacters plus if a woman had a hubsand that look like harrison ford she would not need to cheat .
 Next to the bomb Wild Wild West with Wil Smith , I came so close to turning this movie off and burning the DVD - then I remembered I rented it - The complete dulling pace of this movie , and the inability for the characters to communicate drove us nuts . It was like a bad episode of NYPD Blue where people go sentances without speaking words -- The movie just dragged , and the characters left you feeling like this could never happen -- was this of the fantasy genre ? Do n't waste your money .
 If you were like me , you watched the preview for this movie and thought it was an exciting , mystery movie - not a dull , d r a w n o u t movie.When Harrison Ford and Kristin Scott Thomas 's respective partners die together in a plane crash - Harrison Ford suspects an affair . I was planning on finding out about the secret life of their partners and why the affair started . When it took nearly 45 minutes just for the two widows to find out their partners were dead , I knew I was in trouble.This movie was not worth sitting through , and more than once I reached for the stop button . However , I figured I 'd already invested enough time that it was worth finishing it , but just barely.If you want to see this movie , do not plan on seeing something exciting -LRB- as the preview suggests -RRB- , make sure you are in the mood for a love story-which is way too long for its own good .
 I was not expecting much when i went to see this movie but it turned out to be so dull and lifeless I found my self wanting to walk out of the theater . The characters are a bore and the plot drags on slowly throughout the entire film . Ford and the main actress exhibit the same colorless expresions and acting throughout .
 This is not a movie review . If I were to call this a movie review , that would imply that Random Hearts could be classified as a movie . The fact that it is comprised of images on celluloid is the only thing that makes this heinous travesty even remotely resemble a movie.Early in the , uhh , ` movie ' , a plane goes down in flames . God , how I envied those lucky passengers ! They did n't have to endure Harrison Ford 's nutty mumblings and inexplicable behavior . They did n't have to sit through endless scenes where ABSOLUTELY NOTHING of interest happens , and NOTHING of interest is said . They were n't subjected to a stunningly inane sub-plot that never goes anywhere.However , like the passengers on that plane , I was scared - not scared for my life , but , scared that I might one day , unknowingly , sit through another Sydney Pollack clunker . I pray it does n't happen again . I vow , as God is my witness , from this day forward , to never ` just pick something up ' at the video store . Heed my warning . Be careful what you rent . You could , like I have , lose the will to live.Don ' t worry , though . Slowly , gradually , and with therapy , I am mending the broken spirit which i acquired that fateful night when I watched Random Hearts . Sadly though , I still have nightmares about the insanely tedious and boring two and a half hours I wasted.To close , here are my top 5 suggestions for activities to do , other than watching Random Hearts
 This movie is the reason there should be ZERO STAR rating at Amazon . I am quite sure Random Hearts is the worst movie I 've ever seen . Certainly the worst movie ever made with a mega-star like Harrison Ford.Uninspired script , frenetic story line , pathetic performances all combine to make the audience wish that ALL of the characters had gone down in the plane crash together and spared us all the next two hours of agony . I really feel like I wasted part of my life watching this one . But I must admit , it 's kinda fun to hate it so much .
 Every once in a while I watch a movie that is SO bad I feel a need to warn others about it . Harrison Ford looks drugged and slurs this way through another dull script.On the plus side , the film seemed to be in focus most of the time .
 I like Harrison Ford , I like Kristin Scott Thomas , and I even like Charles Dutton -LRB- except for Alien 3 , yakk -RRB- . But this movie is a clunker . If it were a horse I would have shot it to put it out of my misery.There is no real suspense and there is no one to root for . Ford 's character is driven to find the truth , and the truth is simply the obvious . There is no twist , his wife was sleeping with Thomas ' husband . We know it , their friends know it , their co-workers know it , but we have to follow this loser as he spends 2 hours of my life -LRB- that I will never get back , I might add -RRB- on figuring that out himself . Rent this film at most , do not buy .
 Harrison Ford & Kristin Scott Thomas have Great Talent.but this film involving Sydney Pollack is all over the place worth all The Drama.The Writting is really off & the pacing makes no sense.Dennis Haysbert & Charles Dutton are Wasted here.this film is trying for something but nothing really ever catches on .
 I has seen like a 2000 films in my life , may be more , and never never has seen nothing like this , is the worst film I ever seen , look it only have 2 reviews , that is because no one want to waste his time writing for this film , I think the same , But I want to prevent you , DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY IN THIS FILM , the actor and the acting is VERY GOOD , and all the movie is GOOD , excpet the script , is so bring , and stupid , and BORING , AND BRONG , AND BORING , is too slow , and BAD , Please DONT BUY THIS MOVIE . You have two thousand movies better , Like Saving Private Ryan , Life is Beatifull , Jerry Maguire , As god As get , The Sixth Sense , and many more .
 This movie looked good ; good soundtrack , the actors appeared mismatched ... both were dry and boring ... I could understand why their partners had affairs ... i wish we could have spent time getting to know the passion between the deceased partners first , before they were killed off ... they seemed more interesting . I like Harrison in action movies , because he is more believable . Hollywood is always searching for that `` Grace Kelly '' cool in leading women.Ms . Scott-Thomas was a bit too cool to the point of ice ... And men like that ?
 This movie is very dark and unrelentlessly depressing , but it is worth watching one time because of Kristen Scott Thomas 's performance . She is great at playing the part of an emotionally repressed widow who has found out her husband was having an affair . I think it is good that a movie has been made that is trying to be different from all the other movies currently being made , but this movie is just not very good . The whole storyline about the dirty cop that Harrison Ford is trying to track down just does n't blend with the movie , and it made absolutely no sense in the movie . I hope a better movie dealing with an unusual romance will be made .
 I 've been watching Harrison Ford movies for 24 years -LRB- since Star Wars -RRB- . I had never seen a Harrison Ford movie that I did not like -- until now . I just finished viewing this turkey of a film and feel very let down.The movie is quite long , about 2.25 hours . For the first couple of hours everything appears to be going along fine . To be sure , it is very heavily melancholic , but I got the impression that I was watching a masterful suspense thriller building and building , so I was patient . When the film reached the 2 hour mark I started getting suspicious that there was n't going to be any climax . Yep . The darn thing just ended , with no ending , leaving me holding the bag.What in the world were the makers of this movie thinking ? Do they really think that people want to spend more than 2 hours watching people 's gut-wrenching and then have them walk away ? Do they think people want to be suckered in for more than 2 hours while they pretend this is a suspense/thriller movie and then just have the main characters give up and go home?Geez . If that 's all they wanted to do they should have made the film no longer than an hour and a half and let me get back to my life faster.Harrison Ford 's performance was good , as always , but since I had just seen Frantic last month , his performance looked like a carbon copy . At least Frantic had a real ending.If you 're a die hard Harrison Ford fan you may still want to check this movie out -- just do n't start with any expectations , then maybe you wo n't be as disappointed as I was .
 When Harrison Ford was shown the script of RANDOM HEARTS , I can imagine him saying
 A movie so bad that even Gene Siskel had to reach out from beyond the grave to give a two thumbs down . I first saw it on HBO and quickly wrote them a note saying it was the first time I 'd wish they had commercials . My favorite part is a line that Kristen Scott Thomas says about an hour and a half into the movie . She says `` I 've found it '' - I was praying it was the plot but no such luck . The best part of this movie is clearly the end - but that I mean the credits - you finally know this regrettable show is finally over . If you are unfortunate enough to see this movie , in the last two hours and fifteen minutes of your life whisper `` Random Hearts '' to those around you - you 'll beg for this time back . I 'd suggest if you interested in seeing something more exciting try watching paint dry.Amazon is too kind allowing a 1 star minimum - If this movie is anything celestial it would have to be `` space junk '' .
 I rented this video after I saw a trailor of this movie which seemed interesting . But , the movie is very boring . It does n't have a plot to begin with . The direction and screen play was bad . I was just waiting for the flashback of the other couple -LRB- the central charactors for the rest of the story -RRB- which never happened . Instead the script steers away to love between the main artist -LRB- its really random -RRB- . It is sick . Stay away from this .
 Ford has often been given interesting and exciting roles , but he has never been an interesting or exciting actor . He always looks surprised at his success , and I 'll bet he really is . The ` why me ? ' syndrome is written all over his face - when there 's any believable expression there at all . But he 's actually worse here than in anything else I 've seen him in . -LRB- Admittedly , his part is that of a hopeless jerk , which does n't help . -RRB- Scott-Thomas is always wonderful , even in this , but rarely can she lift a mediocre film up all by herself . As Mr. Winslow says in `` The Winslow Boy '' , it 's a `` forlorn quest . '' The second star is for her . If Amazon offered a zero star option , this would rate one star.There 's one long scene of a conversation between Ford and Scott-Thomas in her Washington home that was obviously shot by each actor on a different day . Ford 's body-double must be a more animated actor than Ford because Scott-Thomas plays the scene beautifully .
 A Sydney Pollack film starring Harrison Ford and Kristin Scott Thomas sounded like a great way to spend a Friday evening . After all , Sabrina -LRB- another Pollack and Ford film -RRB- was a delightful love story . Sadly , Random Hearts was not.The movie started out interesting enough ... Harrison Ford plays the role of tough Washington DC Internal Affairs cop , Dutch Van Den Broeck whose wife perishes in a terrible plane crash along side of a man who turns out to be the husband of Kay Chandler -LRB- Kristin Scott Thomas -RRB- , a Congresswoman running for re-election . When Dutch comes to the realization that his wife was having an affair , he begins to hound Kay in an attempt to bring closure for himself . He does n't understand the affair or the why 's of it and spends the entire movie looking hopelessly for explanations that only his wife could have given him.Kay pushes him away for awhile refusing to talk . But then , for no apparent reason , she drops the `` I 'll call the cops if you come near me again '' faade and follows him to Miami -LRB- the destination their spouses were heading to before the plane went down -RRB- . There are some good scenes filmed in this portion of the movie . Dutch goes to the hotel his wife and Kay 's husband had stayed on previous trips . He enters the room that they had always occupied and the camera focuses meaningfully on the bed and the comfortably large tub . The implied imagery is very powerful . But then after the trip , without any sort of real lead-in , Dutch and Kay are suddenly very close and have the violent make-out scene in the car . Hence , the strange and somewhat twisted romance between the two begins.Throughout the rest of the film , the feelings that Kay has towards Dutch seem oddly out of place . She had been so adamantly against him ... even uncaring , and now suddenly she 's completely wrapped up him . Ca n't get him out of her mind , wants to be with him , etc. . But it 's all too fast ... none of this really feels plausible . Meanwhile , Dutch has this whole other life going on in Law Enforcement Land where he 's chasing down and beating up dirty cops and making threats on people . Frankly , this did n't need to be in there at all . The story 's ending is sort of drawn from this , but not necessarily because it had to be . This movie could have finished out a dozen different and more `` touching '' ways , but instead it ended leaving everyone a bit frustrated.Ford 's performance was fine given the character , but this was not the best role for him ... and not a role I think most would enjoy him in . He pulled off the part about as well as he could , but the character was too obsessive over his late-wife 's affair for anybody to feel comfortable about it . Kristin Scott Thomas fit her character well and did a commendable job , especially in scenes with her daughter . The character 's only major flaw was what came across as almost pathetic neediness when she was with Dutch . Neither part was particularly likable.The story is captivating enough to keep you interested for about the first hour . After that , you might find yourself wondering when it will end . I expected more from movie over 2 hours long . Overall , Random Hearts was not worth my Friday evening . Do n't bother .
 I can never believe such a successful actor could fail this way!This movie could be one of the worst movies I have ever seen in the Cinema history ... it has a meaningless story , bad acting , and is so stupid!If you want to say a star fall so bad , watch this movie ... but do not ever consider buying it , or you 'll be sorry !
 The former mates of the couples are barely introduced before they 're killed off so we feel nothing for them or about them . There 's alot of dialoge and very little action . The subplot about a corrupt cop is distracting and the only thing in this movie thats random . I turned it off with 47 min left as the movie is too long and boring . I dont know why it got a pg 13 rating because there 's no nudity or profanity .
 A plane has crashed , and aboard this plan two people were sitting together , each married to two others . Were they lovers ? If so , how serious were they ? Can we intertwine a couple action sequences that have no relevance to the movie so the preview looks good?I do n't know exactly at what point Harrison Ford decided his name was worth money , not good acting , but I am convinced after Six Days , Seven Nights and Random Hearts that not only is not exerting his talent as he used to , but also he cares less about how foolish the script is.I miss the old Indiana , or even the good intentioned Jack Ryan , anything but the stale , out-of-place performance the consumer recieved from Ford in Random Hearts.I had high hopes in the beginning , the noble and extreme officer who finds himself a widow and has to deal with the confusion and regret of an affair mingled amongst tragedy . Eventually developing into a moldy , mildly interesting at best , romance , Ford battles bad guys while holding on to questions he ca n't seem to answer.I 'm very pleased with myself , because I almost paid $ 6.50 in theatres to see this movie , hoping for a glimpse of the great Ford . Instead , I saw his name , but he was nowhere present in the film -LRB- at least not how I remember him -RRB- . Granted , this is a drama , a romance , a different type of character than the ones that made Ford famous . However , I simply think he should never have been cast in this movie , I got severly tired of seeing the only emotional face he could pull off , that cringed brow expression he wears non stop . I have no doubt , Ford is not the serious romantic actor he is now aspiring to be . -LRB- I know this is a one-faced focus on Ford 's performance , ignoring all other actors/actresses , but I felt it was Ford 's presence on the front of box that made this movie even sell at all , therefore he became the focus of this review -RRB-
 This was possibly one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . I do n't mind if this review is not helpful to you , I just needed to get that off my chest . Do n't see this if you have a pulse .
 Oh boy was this a stinker . I am a huge fan of Harrison Ford and have always enjoyed Kristin Scott Thomas but what a disappointment . Sadly , I would say , `` do n't bother . ''
 The film opens with some horrible first person narration to build a story . Queen Pin -LRB- Rhanni -RRB- becomes the mistress of a drug dealer . When he gets busted , she goes to jail too for being a bad actress , a crime in Jacksonville . Once out she wants to build her `` own organization '' so she can start her own record label , although I could n't figure out why she needed her own record label . She mostly spends her disposable income on clinging clothes that make her look chunky.As a new drug dealer in town , she steps on the toes of the existing one . The writing was cliche and the dialouge was terrible . The actors could n't deliver their lines with any kind of realism . One of the guys had the nickname `` Killer . '' The only thing Gin X accomplished was to make 50 Cent look like a genius , and I did n't think that was possible.F-bombs , n-words , sex , no nudity .
 Concept for this film was good , but the sound quality was so poor I had to turn my tv up all the way to hear anything and the over all quality for the filming is pretty low.Could be worse but not worth a $ 4 rental . Wait for this one to be 1.99 or free .
 This is one of Jackie Chan 's worst movies.I know he was trying something different with this movie but it just did n't work.It was way over the top and it really was n't that funny.I really did n't care for much of the characters.It had some weird scenes in it also.I guess making the comic into a movie did n't translate to well.It 's still a worth a watch though for the stunts and for the die hard Jackie fans but I would just rent , not buy .
 Even a bad Jackie Chan movie turns out to be better than most of the action/comedies available , but City Hunter is an exception.The action is hard to follow , and the humor too childish . By example , while fighting at the game room , he turns into characthers of the `` Street fighter '' video game , turning even into Chun Li -LRB- with make up , dress and everything -RRB- and making some of the moves as in the videogame.It is uncomfortable to enjoy the movie when it turns so stupid . There is a good scene in which Chan , fighting inside a movie theatre , imitates the movements of Bruce Lee on the screen . But thhat scene alone is not worth the experience of `` City Hunter ''
 ok in the beginning it was funny . even though the voice acting is crappy and animated . the movie had potential -LRB- comedy that it -RRB- and everything else went straight to hell.the street fighter part killed me . Oh God why ? why !!
 This is quite possibly the worst Jackie Chan Film of all time . You will only find this film funny for about five minutes . After that , you will be wondering what dolt thought that this would make a good movie . It is only about 90 minutes , but it is so bad that it seems like days when the movie is finally over . I remember reading an interview with Jackie Chan where he commented that this was the worst film that he had ever made , and if you make the mistake of watching it I think you will agree . It is based off of an anime series by the same title . The anime is better , and would rate about 2 1/2 stars . The film fails to capture even the average quilty of the anime . If you enjoy watching bad movies for laughs , I would strongly recommend that you avoid this one . It is such a bad movie that not even a diehard Jackie Chan fan like myself can find any enjoyment in this awful movie .
 Do n't believe any positive reviews of this movie . It is terrible . There is one good stunt , but nothing else worth seeing . For collectors only . That pretty much covers it .
 First of all , I have grown to like Jackie Chan since seeing Rush Hour and have been renting the videos of his movies six at a time for three weeks straight and was shocked at the stupidity of this film.In the listing on the back cover , it says `` Hilarious '' , but I sat through 50 minutes of the movie and grew sick to the stomach . Jackie seems restrained by the character he is forced to portray . It seems as if this is a comic-book based movie . In that , the most annoying part of the movie is EVERY FIVE MINUTES , Jackie strikes a pose , the action stops and a chorus of girls sing the words `` City Hunter '' while Jackie freezes in a Vogue.I never finished the movie because I was so queasy that I could take no more . Sort of like the sensation one gets after drinking milk , orange juice , and eating a raw slab of fish that still squirms with its last meal of worms.There is no acting , there is hardly any action , and when the movie pauses for a pathetic song and dance routine on the ship where they can not decide if they are singing in English or Chinese , that 's the last straw . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This movie was an ok movie to watch but I think this movie could be alot more better made . But I like Jackie chan 's movie so i 'm not going to complain that much about this movie .
 Why American production make HK movies look so cheap ? First of all , they cut off so much scene , second of all ruin it by making look act so dumb by English Dubb . ALWAYS stick with ORIGINAL LICENSED HK RELEASE . Be careful with cheap imports , boots , and bulls though .
 This movie was very disappointing . Many parts were quite funny , especially the Street Fighter scene . But the action was a bit to weak me . Too many shenanigans and dumb jokes . The supporting characters were very annoying too .
 My reason for this rating is because a casual moviegoer would not enjoy this film . Nor would any Kung Fu movie fans . There are a few scenes which are very memorable , ie - Bruce Lee Move theatre , Streetfighter , and a pretty cool end fight scene . This is one silly film , maybe even a bit stupid and weird at times . My two friends hated this movie alot , but I enjoyed it quite a bit . Jackie Chan has done better , no doubt , and this is not for first timers . Its an attempt at creating the world of Anime in a non-animation setting . I appreciate what its trying to do , and it had alot of funny gags that you would find normally in an anime . -LRB- FOr example guy characters always are hungry and girl chasing -RRB- The fight scenes are goofy , but as always jackie makes them interesting , especially the end fight . This is not for everyone , but its cool to see an Anime come to life like this.HardCore Jackie Chan fans need only apply .
 So , I had heard from a lot of people that this is a very fun movie.Other than seeing some of the hottest chinese chicks I have ever seen , nothing too special about this flick . I guess it 's based off a comic book , so at least it makes sense of why this is so stupid.The parts that threy call jokes in this movie include things like women falling over because their boobs are just too big . Come on Jackie , do an r movie , get out of the way , and showcase these women that you work with.The action is pretty substandard all-around . The end fight just looks like they are hitting weaopns as hard as they can against eachother , this waas ok back in the 60 's , but I expect a little more out of jackie . I think that there was around 3-4 min of action that I enjoyed in this.To be honest , the best part of this movie is when the 2 gay guys start singing on stage with a woman or two . That song was freaking hilarious , AND WOULD HAVE BEEN EVEN BETTER IF IT WAS EFFING TRANSLATED . I HAVE VHS TAPES FROM LIKE 82 THAT HAVE SUBS ON THE SONGS.Also the streetfighter scene , do n't believe the hype , it sucks . It is one of the few funny parts in the entire movie , but is only good when Chun Li shows up.EXTRAS-interview with jakie and the idiot of this project , jing wong . Jackie has a very lively interview talking about how america did n't like him because he did n't get to do what he wants to do . Action 1st , storyline 2nd , acting # 27 , sound effects # 5 , special effects # 24 . This is the first interview with Jackie that I can remember him getting really mad . I thought he was gon na start cussing out evry american , but by the end he is talking about rush hour and seems pretty happy .
 This may have been one of those movies Jackie did as a favor to a friend . If so , it must have been a REALLY good friend . This has to be by far the worst Jackie Chan movie since the 1970 's . It is silly , sophomoric , and moronic . Jackie does almost none of the of the great stunt work he is famous for . Instead , he just clowns around mugging for the camera like it 's some sort of home movie for his friends . And it is not even his voice in the soundtrack.As a matter of fact , the only laughs I had during this movie were the poorly done English subtitles
 I have seen all the JC films and was building a DVD collection when I came across this one . My wife and I played it once and I immediately tried to return it to the guy who sold it to me and finally ended up unloading it on e-bay . An example at how offensive and unfunny this one is
 I 've been reading the reviews ... and noticing how everyone who gave it ` top marks ' saying it was ` hylarious ' , ` the bets movie ever ' , and so on and so forth , have never seen the original anime , or even better , read the manga.If they had I 'm sure none of those people would give it more than it 's due - 1 star -LRB- for J.C. fans , maybe 2 -RRB- . This movie is a poor excuse for an adaptation . And a disgrace for the original City Hunter . Jackie Chan as Saeba Ryo ?! Puh-lease ! The attempts at manga/anime humor fall on barren ground and turn the movie into an even more of a farce as it already is.I would n't recomend this movie not even to my worst enemy and I agree with the reviewer who said ` when you die and go to Hell , Satan makes you watch this movie ' . I ca n't imagine a torture greater than that . I 'd take boiling oil any time !
 MELISSA MCCARTHY -LRB- Molly -RRB- is on a role , nominated for a Best Supporting Actress Oscar for `` Bridesmaids '' with her character 's now well known ugly personality and stomach churning scene . She won an Emmy in 2011 for Best Lead Actress in a Comedy Series for her part in `` Mike & Molly , '' and - no surprise here - she 's been nominated again in the same category . It just goes to show how demeaning , low brow raunch continues to rule film and television.And we wonder why people are so quick to confront and fight one another in homes , neighborhoods and businesses . Problem is , real life arenas do n't have a laugh track to support them . That way , we 'd know it was all in fun to be sneered at - especially in front of others . It might not be film violence breeding crime ; it might just be the snappy patter of the well delivered put down putting folks in harm 's way.The first season of this less than spectacular series ended with fat cop Mike -LRB- Billy Gardell -RRB- proposing to fat teacher Molly . Season Two is about the wedding plans , concluding with the wedding . In just a few minutes into the first of 23 episodes -LRB- on three discs -RRB- , we see how it 's going to go . Each scene is loaded with the usual clich&eacute;s
 Let me start off by saying Tina Fey and Steve Carell are two of my favorite actors . I have seen almost all of their work and you can imagine how excited I felt when I heard they would be starring in a movie together . However , after watching this movie I felt disappointed . It has a few funny moments , but not enough to make it satisfying . The jokes seem to fall short and it got boring near the end . The story was confusing and did n't seem to really flow . On the other hand , I give this movie credit for possessing realistic and relatable characters . It is about the stereotypical boring suburban cople who are finding it difficult to find any spark in their relationship . Their date night gone wrong brings them to realize they still love each other . Overall , this movie is somewhat entertaining , but is ultimately forgettable . Woth a rental if you 're bored and ca n't think of anything else to watch .
 I usually always look on IMDB before I watch a movie these days . I usually trust a movie 's excellent rating . Sometimes , especially with comedies , you ca n't always trust a poor rating , since critics give comedies horrible reviews a lot of the time . However , with `` Date Night '' , it generally got very favorable reviews.I can not understand for the life of me how anyone would give this movie more than 1-star . It has to be one of the worst movies I 've ever seen , with any kind of budget , or star actor attached to it . I am usually pretty good with making it through movies , even when they stink . But I could n't make it through this movie . I think I finally hit the STOP button with about 30 minutes left . At that point , I just simply did n't care anymore how the movie turned out . It was so bad , that the ending did n't even matter to me .
 While I did n't expect a masterpiece in the way of a plot , with a duo as dynamic as Steve Carell and Tina Fey , I hoped for a lot more from this movie . Their characters , Phil and Claire Foster , who were a bored New Jersey couple , were good for a few laughs , but the good cop vs. bad cop/political cover-up adventure became equally boring before the end of this twosome 's date night.With the exception of the confrontation with the real `` Tripplehorns , '' whose dinner reservations were stolen by the Fosters , a most unusual poll dance , and an unfortunate cab driver who literally was taken for a ride , the funnier parts of this movie ironically dealt with the couple 's everyday lives . Yes , there can be humor in discussing real life situations such as trying to sell a house or a Roth IRA . And certainly a husband pretending to be interested in participating in his wife 's book club is understandably amusing.But since most of the movie is wrapped up in a haphazardly thought out adventure taking place in one evening , the humor had to be strong enough to counteract a totally unrealistic plot . And that 's where our beloved characters fell short . The Fosters ' background is believable enough , but their acquaintances were too stereotypical and shallow.Why would a couple as unkempt as the `` Tripplehorns '' make a reservation at a posh and exclusive restaurant ? And why would dangerous detectives believe that someone would hide something as small as a flash drive in a boathouse in Central Park , where anyone can pick it up ? In this day and age , would n't experienced masterminds make copies of such incriminating evidence before hiding it?As with most typical comedies , however , we can forgive a lot for the sake of a few laughs . But this movie is n't exactly a laugh a minute like some might expect . Still it is good for a light-hearted evening with little expectations .
 Usually a fan of both Steve Carell and Tina Fey , I decided to give this film a chance beyond it 's slow start . Unfortunately , it only got worse . The dialog felt contrived and the plot was flat and uni-dimensional at best . It was rudely apparent that scenes had been stripped out , but it did n't matter the film moved along without them like some homage to the undead.Tina seemed out of her element . She usually provides a dynamic performance on SNL . However , one liner skits may be her forte , but feature films may not . Her performance gave that familiar feeling that you get when an actor just did n't have time to rehearse and instead gave a disaffected and flat reading of the cue cards ; a familiar occurrence in comedy skits , but not conducive to suspending disbelief in features.The film makes a failed attempt to be something to all . It 's not a chick flick , just not enough character development . It tries to be a family film , but references to `` penis blood '' and an overly long scene with Fey working a stripper 's pole , leaves the kids behind . Remember , some things can never be unseen.The film is certainly a wasted effort by all and a very forgettable film . It 's one of those films that you just shake your head , look at each other afterwards and try to consider what other choices you could have made for the evening .
 Tina Fey is a pompous real estate agent married to Steve Carrell , a stuffy accountant . The two are run down by the inertia of marriage , family , and kids . They are quite possibly the WASPiest couple on Earth , and ennui rules their sad existences . The only fun they have is date night , where they see other couples and make stories up about their fellow diners . All that changes when they decide to take a chance one night by stealing another couple 's reservation , a couple who just happen to be involved in an intricate plan of betrayal , prostitution , and blackmail.Aside from a very interesting scene that I 'm calling a Siamese twin car chase , and the occasionally interesting cameo from Olivia Munn or comedian Bill Burr , this film delivers no surprises . A few lame jokes , awkward old white people dancing scene , Tina Fey dragging unfunny SNL co-cast members into the film like a hangman 's noose . Other than casting , there is n't a single memorable aspect . The script is Farmer 's Almanac predictable , and the character development never really gives the viewer a reason to care . I hoped they would get shot and the movie would get good . Alas , it never happened . Instead , it 's an endless barrage of uninspired clich&eacute; and cheap soundbites , where two individually likeable characters create subtraction by addition.Affable is not necessarily synonymous with funny ; the same holds true for action and excitement . Simply put , I will not be calling her back for a second date .
 Every single person that acted in this film is fantastic , some I would even call geniuses . This movie is not a good reflection of their ability and should be viewed by no one . The pacing is predictable , music canned , script vanilla , and the stakes were forced . Everyone that worked on this film is far better than the sum of its parts .
 Had there not been iPhones and flash drives in this movie , I would have sworn this labored chore was a 1980s knock-off comedy - the kind with C-list actors and forced slapstick that went straight to VHS.Instead it 's a contemporary film starring two of the 21st century 's best comedic performers . But watching them throw every mannerism they are famous for up against the wall in every scene in a desperate attempt to make something - anything ! - stick is just tiring and boring.The script is the weakest link . It takes forever to get off the ground and has the characters making decisions that leave you scratching your head rather than laughing . I can go along with crazy ideas and panicked reactions - most action comedies are full of those . But theirs are contrived reactions that serve merely serve to keep the premise from unraveling . They are n't based in their human flaws and fears.The only scene that made me chuckle was when Fey and Carrell 's sweet anxious innocent middle-class couple come across their mirror image , a coarse , hardscrabble pair of inner city criminals played by James Franco and Mila Kunis . If the whole movie had been that good , it would have been worthwhile.I love Fey and Carrell . I hate this movie . Fortunately it only lasted and hour and twenty minutes .
 It was infantile , unbelievable and not funny didnt even finish it . I would never recommend it I would n't even watch it even if it was free
 This was one of the movie streamed online and I wish I did n't . Horrible movie to watch with a date .
 Bought Date Night from Amazon . The product description says its the extended edition and gives a list of special features . The one I received is a `` Rental Exclusive '' with no special features and is repackaged . Obviously Amazon is loosing their touch . I am very disappointed that Amazon ca n't even be bothered to send me the version they advertised as having . Buy from someone else , maybe even go to the store , because paying that much for a basic copy from an old video store , is simply not worth it .
 If you 're thinking about checking this one out , I 'm pretty sure you 'd just be better off skipping on it . I can watch pretty much any dumb comedy and get some good laughs out of it , but almost the whole time I was watching this movie I thought , `` I 'm pretty sure there should be something funny happening right now '' and `` Well , I can see how this scene is technically supposed to be funny . '' I know most people would think this would be pretty funny because Steve Carell and Tina Fey are in it -LRB- I mean , that 's why I wanted to see it -RRB- . But the reality is that this movie is so bland that if Carell and Fey did n't sign on to do it , I ca n't imagine it ever being made . There are maybe a couple of laughs here , but not much more than that .
 This was not funny at all ... I was expecting something funnier considering Steve Carell and Tina Fey were in it . A total disappointment . I actually want my money back .
 I hate to say I was disappointed by Date Night ! Granted I had high expectations given that Steve Carell and Tina Fey were the leads but it was just poorly written and poorly directed . The movie could n't decide if it wanted to be a romantic comedy or a crime farce and failed badly at both . Also , Carell and Fey , despite being very funny people had zero chemistry.Having said that one of the best parts of the movie were the supporting characters . Mark Whalberg was excellent especially the parts regarding how he chose to expose himself . James Franco and Mila Kunis were also very funny as the bickering sleazebags . I also think that Ray Liotta is an underutilized comedian and was hysterical in this role . If the movie used the support cast more it would have been great!Sadly this is both weak and lame !
 I laughed only during one single scene in the whole movie . What a disappointment after reading good reviews on the film .
 Date Night -LRB- Extended Edition -RRB- -LRB- With Digital Copy -RRB- -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- I thought my family would enjoy Date Night , but after 20 minutes , my husband said he just wanted to go to bed -LRB- it was 8:30 p.m. -RRB- After another ten minutes , my college age daughter was begging me to turn it off and watch a Project Runway rerun . I kept hoping for the best and started fast forwarding through slow parts , but the movie never got any better . The jokes and situations were predictable and labored . By the middle of the movie , I was rooting for the corrupt cops instead of Steve and Tina .
 For some reason , we could not get into this movie . We kept falling asleep after trying to watch it on a few different occasions . Whatever the reason , we finally gave up .
 This movie is the biggest pile of Not Funny , I have seen in awhile ! You would think with 2 comic super stars , I would get lots of laughs but not in this dung heap ! Save your $ $ $ This one is a dog with alot of fleas and maybe BED BUGS .
 If this is what Steve Carell left The Office for I feel really bad for him , embarrassed . This is a bad movie . Unlike The Office or 30 Rock I felt like they were `` acting '' - horribly ! I got to get this movie out of my mind or I will never be able to watch Steve or Tina again !
 I like Steve Carell , but this was just a painful movie to watch . It was awkward and extremely boring . Yawn , Yawn , Yawn .
 Despite having jokes that fall flat time and time again , your treated to extremly crude locker room humor that I would have felt so uncomfortable with had there been a teen in the room . I wont even go into the long sex club sequence that I chose to fast foward through . Completely irresponsable and unfunny to boot .
 What do you get what when you cross some really connected Hollywood backers , desperate actors who will do anything for a buck and a great PR team ? You get Date Night . Notice there were no writers in the equation because the story was a severe after-thought in this time sucking piece of Hollywood garbage . The story was disjointed at best , the tempo swung from somberly serious divorce preaching to whimsical humor in a millisecond and somehow there was the meaningless action story tie-in . Steve Carell is such an obvious money hog that it is a waste of time to see his films . He 's shown what he can do , now we need a replacement , he is played out.Don ' t waste your time with this movie it 's not a good comedy , action movie or moral story . The only joke in the movie is on the person who paid to watch this .
 I could only laugh at the slapstick , though . I do n't think the comedic aspects of this film were enough to put up with the terrible plot . Much of it was ridiculous . If you are into that sort of thing , then this movie might be for you . For the talent involved and all the money spent on stupid effects and set props , there should have been a lot more laughter going on . Typical audiences must be easily impressed . I respect Steve Carell and Tina Fey otherwise , but I think their talent was wasted in this movie . There was a poor balance between clever situations and the believable nature of the action . If you want people to laugh at the funny situations , then emphasize them more with funny camera shots and an obviously supportive soundtrack . In other words , the tone , mood , and pace in many of the scenes took away from the comedy . I would n't recommend this movie to anyone .
 I think they were going for some kind of action movie here ... . and missed . Not the best movie , I only took the DVD hard copy because it was just 2 dollars over the rental price and I got both .
 I have read so many `` great reviews '' of this film from the `` top reviewers '' from USA Today , Rolling Stone ... etc. . . My question is `` What type of substance was in your system when you saw the film ? '' It has to be THE WORST film of this year ! We turned off the video after about 30 minutes . The jokes were `` non-jokes '' delivered with no sense of effective comedic acting . The main characters were excruciating -LRB- including the youngsters -RRB- . The editing was so choppy , it was difficult to sense any natural flow to the scenes . The background music had little connection to the action and sounded like a retread of ominous tones of a `` 24 '' clone.The positive reviews would seem to be a reflection of how reviewers have either become so taken with the so-called star power of the leads -LRB- based upon TV work -RRB- or have been `` bought '' by the production companies that churn out this drivel . Granted , there are not many good comedies out there . But , give me a break . I can not believe that the reviewers actually laughed at any of this . Unfortunately , the laugh is on the consumer .
 old jokes not funny at all . very sad indeed that movies this bad pass for a good movie now adays . any critic who gave this movie more than 1 or 2 stars should be ashamed of themselves .
 `` Date Night '' with Steve Carell and Tina Fey was disappointing . I love Tina Fey as a comedian and I also love Steve Carell in many of his other movies . With high expectations of both actors I expected this movie to be amazing . The first 30 minutes or so of the movie was good but then as it continued , instead of going uphill , it progressively became worse . Although it was action packed and comedic at some points , these moments were few and far between .
 Horrible movie !!! Stay away ! Do n't waste your time ! Get gum surgery before watching this movie ! It 's not funny , it has no balance , and it leave you feeling aweful . There 's no redeeming qualities about this movie . Even the camera work is bad . The main actors should go back to sitcom or to stand-up . The script is poorly written , and you will find yourself glancing at your watch every 15 minutes.Avoid this movie at all costs ! I was a fool to rent it through a rental company . Do n't be the same type of fool , and do n't you shell out one penny for this garbage . Avoid this , please !
 While I had modest expectations for this movie , I was surprised at how bad it was . About the only good thing I can say about it was that Tina Fey and Steve Carell had a kind of chemistry as a boring married couple , but that made for a dull movie . The movie was a mish-mash of material from fish-out-of-water-in-the-big-city movies plus running-from-the-mob films . The one who came out the worst was Tina Fey , who I really like in 30 Rock , but this really makes me wonder about her as an actress .
 Positives : The 3 seconds of Apple Computer laptop logo paid spot ; the usual oldies song ; some of the outtakes are actually funnier than any scene in the entire `` comedic '' movie . Except the PSA extras were as unfunny as the movie.Negatives : Very tired script ; no story and in fact what might pass as a script was a very tired rerun of the tiresome white middle class married couple telling really weak fantasy sex jokes and being chased by the usual bad guys ; obviously a wing-it , `` make it up as we go '' , directing style that produces disjointed weak & superficial acting and plot . In fact the movie just seems like one quickly rehearsed weekly Comedy TV skit after another only much weaker because each skit is forced to connect to another thus forming a losing-me sleeper story .
 I wo n't go into the plot and all since that has already been done but will say two things
 This movie is extremely slow and not very funny . I love Tina Fey and I just could not get past how boring it is , and I really tried . Save your money and watch the commercials for it .
 This movie had potential , but never seemed to develop the depth needed . We never really care about this couple , fear the villains , or feel that there is any real trouble here at all . And the humor and gags are painful to watch and never really get more deep than sophomoric Chevy Chase style humor . Suggest looking elsewhere for your date night .
 After watching some great Carell films like 40 year old virgin , Dan in real life and Little Miss Sunshine - I expected myself to watch just about any Steve Carell film that came along . I made the mistake of watching Date Night.This film is terrible , there is no story and the saving grace is the first scene with Wahlberg who becomes so uncool and repeated the way they 've used him.Tina Fey should stick to television though . I can imagine her 20 years from now in a film like Doubt but right now is not her time . It does n't matter if you 're a fan of The Office , Entourage or even 30 Rock , there is no premise to this film and its awful.Avoid at all costs .
 I did not like this movie . I found it tasteless , unoriginal , and a waste of Steve Carrell 's time . When date night 2 comes out , stay in .
 This movie had the potential of being really cute . Oh well , some parts were funny , but for the most part it just consisted of a bunch of people with foul little mouths . It was kind of like listening to middle schoolers try to out do each other with disgusting comments . What a waste
 This movie is painful to watch . Sadly , these 2 actors have irreparably damaged their careers making this film . I would give Fey another chance but I 'm afraid the true carroll might have been exposed .
 The scene
 Thee are moments of sheer brilliance between these two remarkably funny and talented people , but the vehicle was too awful for them to overcome .
 `` Date Night '' could have been an intelligent , insightful and provocative film but , instead , it took the easy way out by turning into a dumbed-down , ridiculous , slapstick movie.The premise of a married couple , happy on it 's surface , yet having many anxieties is intringuing and accurate . As a married person , it is common to get into ruts and routines , take for granted what the other is doing , have a curiousity about what it 's like on the other side , and grimmace about issues that persons outside your domesticated world could n't understand . Most reasonable couples recognize the importance of finding time just for themselves ' in order to work on the relationship . When `` Date Night '' focuses on this theme , it 's a sharp movie that finds a wide audience that can relate to it.Steve Carrell and Tina Fey portray a long married and mild mannered couple , Phil and Claire , that have been engulfed by their everyday routines . They are hardly unhappy yet they yearn for some private time . When they go out to a toney dinner and assume another couple 's name -LRB- just to steal a dinner reservation -RRB- they are mistaken for people that have an illict lifestyle and then the movie takes the route of `` mistaken identity '' and falls into a cliched , stereotypical formula.Carrell has charisma and is highly entertaining as the nerdy guy caught in an unusual situation . Tina Fey offers a lot less and is overshadowed by Carrell 's comedic talents.There are some fun cameos in the movie . Mark Wohlberg is very funny as a hunky , never-wears-a - shirt , former client of Fey , that offers emergency assistance and also extreme jealousy to Carrell 's character . Wohlberg is so cool that he is too cool since he is ambivalent to the turmoil that Carrell and Fey bring towards him . James Franco and Milla Kunis are excellent as a `` trashy couple '' that , despite their looked down upon legal/moral status , are nonetheless envied for their romantic passion that Phil and Claire desire.There are many witty `` in the world of marriage '' type jokes that will get amusement from anybody that has been long married.The problem with this movie is that it takes a dumbed down direction . Instead of sticking to a witty , intelliegnt and insightful drama , it takes the easier path of moving the film along with silly car chases , harmless gun battles and other slapstick that is too inconsistent with the initial theme -LRB- and charm -RRB- of the movie.That sell out is what turns `` Date Night '' from an interesting commentory on seemingly happy marriages into a silly , forgettable farce .
 Bad theme , mundane story , overall a bad movie . hard to believe that Steve Carrel and Tina Fey would star in such a movie . I would have given it a -2 if that was an option .
 I ca n't believe you could make a movie this bad especially with such talented people as Tina Fey and Steve Carell ! Avoid this unfunny movie at all costs .
 I 'll never understand why these two funny people opted to be in this contrived movie .
 How did the divinely talented Tina Fey end up in this dreadful film ? Steve Carell is no slouch either yet you 'd certainly think he was a no talent boob based on this film . I agree with Australian reviewer Andrew Desmond on this page who says that the film is `` absolute rubbish '' . The premise is all too familiar . A regular ordinary married couple goes out to dinner in New York City on their `` date night '' where one act , taking someone else 's dinner reservation , plunges them into a vast police conspiracy which makes them go on the lam . They flee for their lives through every remaining minute of this dismal farce.Although virtually every name actor is trotted out in a supporting role in this film , the only one who does a good job is Marc Wahlberg . He is the ONLY good thing in this movie as a laid back , sexy , shirtless security expert with hot and cold running women in his apartment 24/7 . I think the makers of this film were trying for a modern day version of Neil Simon 's OUT OF TOWNERS . It is an insult to that outstanding film to even mention this one in comparison . Whoever wrote this mess is no Neil Simon , that 's for sure .
 `` Date Night '' is a very bad film . It 's touted as being a modern comedy but is , in reality , little more than slapstick . I failed to even raise a grin let alone laugh . People suggesting this is a comedy are in danger of contravening truth in advertising laws.The plot , in brief , centres around a `` typical '' couple from New Jersey who happen to stumble across a criminal conspiracy involving police , organised crime and the potential New York district attorney . It is a far fetched plot that tests the credulity of even the most sympathetic viewer . Indeed , it is simply absurd.Don ' t waste two hours of your life . Avoid this film !
 Within 5 minutes I knew we were in trouble . We gutted it out for 30 minutes , then turned it off . Movie was so bad we could n't stand it anymore . Was n't even remotely funny .
 This review is only for the quality of the download . I loved the movie !! It was very entertaining . However , the quality of the picture and sound from the download was unacceptable . More on that later.A few of the technical details first . I downloaded this to my TIVO brand DVR which is attached to my home network with a wireless adapter . It took nearly three hours to download over a 1.5 Mbps DSL connection which was about the time I expected it would take . The rental agreement dictates that I watch the movie within 30 days of `` purchase '' and within 24 hours of starting the movie . I was pleased to have TIVO remind me of these terms before I started watching the show . I was also pleased that upon completion of the movie , there is a little warning flag reminding me that I have a limited time to watch the movie another time.As for the quality of the rental from Amazon , the picture had a fuzzy appearance about it and the size did not fill my 16:9 TV screen . I used the controls on the TV to ZOOM the picture to a larger size but it still did not fill the screen like a DVD would have . The other disappointment was the sound quality . It was very muffled and poor . I had to turn up the volume to higher than normal levels to hear dialogue which meant that during action scenes , the volume was deafening . Turning the sound back down meant that I could hear the action , but not the dialogue . And no , I 'm not hard of hearing.In summary , I do recommend this movie , but not the download from Amazon . Do yourself a favor and wait until next month when you can rent the DVD .
 The first part of the movie was really bad -LRB- including the attempts at humor -RRB- ; I do n't know about the second half -- I just could n't take any more -- six references to penis humor in less than a minute seemed to be excessive . There was no redeeming value in this pathetic attempt ...
 The only good thing ia the cast , other than that this is one of the worst movies I 've ever been
 This movie looked like it would be a big win with such a great cast , but it was absolutely horrible ! There was not one point in the movie where I actually cared what happened and did n't even finish watching it . If you like funny movies - this is a total pass !
 Even more importantly , it was so bad it was painful to watch . There 's nothing clever , original or funny about it .
 After seeing the trailer in theaters this looked like a real funny Steve Carell flick . Instead I found a somewhat interesting plotline with bad taste of humor not family appropriate instead . The jokes are very cheap and often sexualized . If your into that ` current and hip ' type of humor go for it.Otherwise stay away , There are better movies out nowadays .
 When you see the headline actors here as being Tina Fey and Steve Carell , you think , `` Man , this one 's gon na be hilarious . '' You could n't be more wrong . Tina Fey 's obnoxious approach to comedy is usually right on the button , and Steve Carell -LRB- from the comedy perspective -RRB- can be hit or miss . Hit - `` 40-Year Old Virgin '' and `` Anchorman . '' Miss - `` Dan In Real Life '' and `` Get Smart . `` This movie could n't make up its mind what it wanted to do . Should it be a suspense film , or should it be a comedy ? Should it be a comedy/suspense film ? Answer
 I expected much more from Tina Fey . I was mildly amused by the film , but silly shallow story.A waste of my time .
 This film gets two stars for Mark Wahlberg having his shirt off and my man Common for playing the crooked cop . However , everything else was just some inane film schlock . Do n't get me wrong I chuckled maybe twice throughout the whole film . Tina Fey was funny on SNL and 30 Rock but seemed toned down in this . Steve Carell basically acted how he does on the office and clawd have mercy , what in the hot hell happened to Ray Liotta 's face . His face looks like somebody threw a brown wig on some soggy wheat bread.And why in the hell was he wearing so much wet N wild eyeliner around his eyes I will never know . But I digress . All in all , it was pretty forgettable and not all that . Could have spent 2 hours trying to rip my adult teeth out by hand . That would have made for a more enjoyable evening .
 I am a big Tina Fey and Steve Carell fan however this movie falls pretty flat on all counts . I would not recommend spending your money on the DVD , maybe rent it if you are determined to see it , but if you did n't see it you would n't be missing anything . Stick to 30 Rock or the Office for the moment for your Fey/Carell fixes .
 I saw this movie in the used section of a local DVD store in the mall , and the title alone got me interested . I 'm a big horror fan , yet I had never heard of this film . The back of the DVD made it sound like this was one of the most shocking , most disturbing things ever made . Of course , being a sucker for films like that , I bought it , for around 7 bucks . After viewing , I got ta say that I was AND was n't surprised by it . First off , I was n't excepting something great here , and the true is , it is n't . Its ok at best . But again , I 've seen worse . The overall story was n't bad , but the execution was weak , especially the ending . You have to watch the alternate ending just to understand what happened . Of course , the acting was weak , and the special effects were actually pretty decent , except for the actual zombie girl 's masks , which were poor quality , especially when shown close-up . But again , these are all things that come to be expected with films like these . What did surprise me , however , is the lack of shock value the film had compared to its reputation . Yes , there are a couple of perhaps overly graphic scenes , but apart from that , there 's nothing that special about it , even though I can understand why just those few scenes alone would cause controversy . I 've read reviews that complain about too much nudity and such , and yes , I do feel that in some instances , there was nudity just for the sake of nudity , and nothing more . But I do n't think that this is some zombie porn flick . Even though honestly , that 's what I was expecting . As with a lot of films like these , the film 's reputation far outweighs the actual movie itself . And that to me , was my biggest disappointment . When you have things that say `` Shocking Beyond Belief '' on the front cover , and a big red warning label on the back on the DVD , then expectations become a bit higher than normal . And for me , there was n't no where near the level of blood , gore , violence , and yes , even nudity or sex . . to match those claims . This one is worth watching -LRB- especially for a few specific scenes that have been mentioned in other reviews -RRB- , and perhaps worth owning at a cheap price . But do n't expect too much beyond that .
 Okay so if anything was cut out like the nudity , they would have had about a 30 minute movie.Having told you that , you should get the idea that this movie is a soft porn flick masquerading as a horror with topless zombie corpses ' going around killing.Let me tell you how boring and how bad the living dead girls look.Take cheap halloween mask and some panties and that 's what you get.So just the heads of the living dead girls have decayed , come on now ... wait ... oh yeah if they did n't look good below the neckline , they would n't have had a movie.The death scenes are badly done , even the big payoff looks utterly stupid with -LRB- side angle shot -RRB- one of victims being penetrated in her private playground area with a sword by one of the living dead girls.Why does the zombie do this ? Why not just eat her like the rest ? : Conclusion = this is your shock factor.DULL & BORING.The ; girls have good bodies so that 's a one star , but you never really see their faces attached to them ... with those cheap ass dollar store halloween mask on . END NOTE : Why not just make a porno if you ca n't drudge up some resemblance to a script ?
 I watched this recently on my Watch Instantly Netflix and was not disappointed . This movie is more of a 2.5 out of 5 than a 2 but is more close to a 2 than a 3 . The movie is about a group of friends who go up to a cabin to support their friend who has mental problems in the past mostly because he witnessed his mom die . The friend with past mental problems discovers a type of tunnel that blocks out the outside and thinks he is crazy until he drags his friends out there and they discover it too . Than they decide to take shifts one by one and stay in the corridor to feel what it is like . After he stays in there for a while he becomes a psycho and kills a passing by hunter and goes back to the cabin to kill his friends.I may have not told you the best plot description but close enough . The movie is good for some scares and is just creepy all around . I would buy this on DVD but for cheap . In the beginning when I said I was not disappointed , that is because Netflix does not have the best movies and I went into this one not having to much hopes for it.Overall
 Although I very rarely do this , after about a half-hour , I found this movie so bad , I ejected it and threw it into the trash . It sounded interesting when I read about it ; the title and the art were intriguing , but the movie was just plain bad .
 If you want to learn about Nikola Telsa and his inventions do n't even bother here . I watched the first fifty minutes of it and there is no original footage , and not even a voice over . About every two minutes a sentence scrolls across the screen for you to read to yourself.In that fifty minutes I read maybe 20-30 sentences which I could have read in a minute or two without all of the boring . Let me save you the trouble . I already knew more about Tesla than this made at home with video editing software DVD has to tell.Tesla invented many cool things . Thomas Edison was a friend and employer and then his nemesis . Edison was smart but refused to admit that DC was inferior to AC . George Westinghouse backed Tesla and helped make AC the worldwide system . Everyone went broke from fighting each other and J. Peirpont Morgan -LRB- JP Morgan -RRB- made them consolidate into a new company called General Electric , which is now GE and I pay them the interest on my GE Moneybank credit card.It 's a real conspiracy theory piece of junk . I 'm not saying that it 's not true . I 'm just saying that this particular item is worthless . Tesla had patents on things such as wireless power transmition , UFOs and other such things that `` they '' are hidding from us . Einstein was brought in , and made famous to overshadow Tesla so that his work could be buried.You now know more than the DVD.Just so you know who wrote this ; I 'm an electrician . I 've taken college courses on electrical theory , electronics , and electromagnetism , and have done independent research in astral physics , thermal dynamics , cosmology and further study into the nature and proporties of magnetism.Don ' t waste you time with this , but do look into Tesla . He really did invent almost all of the most important things in all fields of science , from the Rotating magnetic field , the Atom Smasher to the Electron Microscope , Cyclotron , flourescent lights , Radio waves , wire insulation , he explained the aurora borealus , and to my knowledge was the first one to theorize that light was made of high velocity particles . He was just so involved in figuring out these things that he did n't even stop to think that these things he was making to enable him to do his experiments should be patented too.Tesla had patents on things such as wireless power transmition , UFOs and other such things that `` they '' are hidding from us . Einstein was brought in , and made famous to overshadow Tesla so that his work could be buried.Must reads ; This one will replace his autobiography do n't get his if you get this one , Tesla
 This is NOT , as it purports , a documentary about Nikola Tesla.It is , in fact , a thinly veiled Conspiracy Theorist 's wet dream.It contains about 5 minutes of actual information ; the rest of the movie being filled with the same type of sad `` mind control '' tricks of which it accuses others.The film uses archaic cinematography and cartoons -LRB- all overlaid on top of each-other -RRB- , I suppose in the hope that it would give a `` feel '' of the early - and mid-1900 's , when Tesla was actually inventing . Or , perhaps , it is an attempt to `` flesh out '' the pitifully thin text of the film -LRB- there is no actual dialogue . -RRB- Instead , it merely gives the viewer a sense that the movie is trying to draw you back to the mass gullibility of the 1950 's ... in order to sell it 's theory.I am disgusted that I wasted $ 1.99 and an hour of my time on this piece of garbage !
 This video is an interesting piece of visual art . It is short on detailed information and discussion . The creators made it to convey an overall impression of the life and struggles of Tesla in regard to his inventions , but it leaves you wanting much more detailed information . Not much science information either ; more of an impressionist video . Also , there is no discussion of Tesla 's struggles with Edison , for example . Leaves one wondering what the `` other '' side of the story is ... if there is one and this is just not answered .
 If I could give this zero stars , I would . I started out assuming that it was one of those shlocky , amateurish , poorly-formed conspiracy theory movies you can watch for free at various shlocky , amateurish , poorly-conceived conspiracy theory web sites . But then I saw the blurb about Nikola Tesla , one of my heroes . It 's no secret that mainstream media do n't want you to know about Tesla , so it stands to reason that a film about Tesla might be low-budget , and therefore easily confused with the shlock alluded to above . I should 've stuck with my original impression . Low-budget I can handle ; and I even like a good conspiracy theory . This piece of garbage , however , has absolutely no redeeming qualities . Hit the `` back '' button now , and continue your search .
 this so called movie should be an embarrassment to AMAZON . SHAME on you for even offering this . the `` movie '' is a collection of pictures with scrolled statements across the bottom of the screen that any two year old could surmise . if amazon had any character they would offer a credit to anyone like me foolish enough to have fallen for this `` dung '' !! .
 While there is some relevance to aviation , and some humor sprinkled throughout , the overriding theme was more about people having affairs with co-worker 's spouses . We turned it off about half way through .
 I 've been a John Cusack fan since I was a kid and this movie is not his best , I will never watch it again . The plot was lame , the writing was poor , and his character was unlikable . Not recommended .
 I received my ordered movie in a timely manor . The problem was it had a European region code and was not comparable with my Blu-Ray in the U.S. . A quick call to the capital in Helena confirmed the state had not in fact ceded to Europe which I took as a bonus . :-RRB- I received credit for the movie minus shipping . Not thrilled with partial credit but given my many purchases through Amazon this last purchase was an exception and not a rule . I will continue an already long relationship with Amazon .
 Pushing Tin is most definitely NOT a comedy despite the studio 's wish to put it in that category . But then what are they going to say
 John Cusack , Billy Bob Thorton , and Angelina Jolie star in this dramedy about two traffic controllers who are having rivarly over who 's better at traffic controlling , sex , etc. . Starts of kind of slow , but onces Thorton enters the picture it starts to get interesting . Then somewhere in the middle it gets lost again and does n't pull itself up till the end . It 's an up and down movie which is why it only gets 2 stars .
 What might have been an interesting and quirky exploration of the hidden subculture of air traffic controllers instead turns into a meandering , lost story that never decides what it wants to be . John Cusack is pretty much his reliable self in a nice-guy role that has become a cliche for him . Only Billy Bob Thornton 's memorable performance redeems the film .
 I am rather shocked by those that have seen this movie and actually think it has some merit . I watched it due to great performances by the actors in previous flicks , and thought that they could at least turn in some decent scenes in case the rest of the movie was poor . Unfortunately , I am sure that all of them would like to have this movie removed from their resume . I wanted to laugh , was dying to laugh , but could not . This movie was not funny . If it were , it would compensate for an awful plot . The characters are not developed to the point that one cares about them or understands their plight . Cusack gives one of the most annoying performances of his career , trying to act his way out of a lame script . This movie started OK , but it is clear soon after that the characters are uninteresting because they have nothing to say . An aside - why does Cusack always have to play basketball in nis movies ? At the end of the movie I decided it must have been some sort of failed black comedy , but likely I was reaching , just as all the actors had to with the flimsy script .
 Please , whatever you do , do NOT buy this movie -LRB- unless of course you watched it on video and actually ... * gasp * ... liked it -RRB- . Look , I do n't mean to be rude or insensitive to anyone who liked this movie , but I HATED it . If you have n't seen this movie , and you are interested in watching it regardless of what I have to say about it , DO N'T read the rest of this review.First of all , the movie was SLOOOOOOWWWWWWWW.Second , the `` conflict '' between the two main characters is one-sided . What I am trying to say is that Billy Bob Thorton 's character acts like he really does n't care that much about the affair John Cusack 's character has with his wife . It is n't until the end of the movie that you hear Billy Bob 's character tell Cusack that he `` had to leave before I killed you '' -LRB- or something very close to that -RRB- . Apparently he 's REALLY good at holding in his rage . Just call him an icicle ready to explode ! Ugh.Basically , I felt like I wasted my time watching this movie . It is , ultimately , your choice .
 I thought it sounded quite interesting , plus , I seem to be going through a serious Billy Bob phase at the moment , and it 's the film where he & Angelina met , and got married . And then divorced.The first half hour of the film is quite interesting , if they 'd kept it up throughout it would n't have got a 1 star rating from me . I found it very interesting that all these guys are in control of the planes in the skies , and how close they can come close to making a mistake . Thank God I 'm not going on a plane anytime soon !!! But unfortunately , it went downhill , and I have to admit , I find John Cusack the most boring , uninspiring actor behind Clive Owen . He just has nothing to him . Emotionless , expressionless.Now Billy Bob is an entirely different matter . This guy is cute . He 's nearly almost completely deadpan during what I did watch of this , and the one time I caught him smile , I saw a guy I know in Billy Bob . But he has more hair ;-RRB- If only he stayed like this in real life . He scrubs up well for films , then is a scruff in real life . Him & Angelina were the only saving graces about this film , but even then I could n't even watch it all.Angelina is definitely looking good in this , she has really cute hair , and a cute fringe to boot . She knows she appeals to both men & women , and shows it . She speaks incredibly quietly in this , there 's none of her usual sassiness showing.I 'm just not sure what it was about this film , that I did n't like . It just seemed to go downhill , and be the same old , same old after a while . I gave up -LRB- which I seem to be doing a LOT lately on films , my mind keeps drifting to bigger & better things -RRB- , and I 'm not sure whether to keep it or not . If I do keep it , it 'll be purely for the couple of shots , where he reminds me of someone . It 's not worth the resell value though .
 This movie is predicated on the premise that Air Traffic Control is an interesting job . About halfway through , the filmakers abandon the exitement of the control room for a plot about adultery and revenge . The characters are really uninteresting . John Cusack should be embarrassed for hamming it up as this guy who thinks he is macho because he 's an Air Traffic Controler . Or is he an Air Traffic Controller because he thinks he is macho ? Australian actress Kate Blanchette , whose best known role before doing this movie was Queen Elizabeth I in `` Elizabeth , '' here plays Cusack 's wife as a stereotypically dull middle-class American who does n't really do that much . Her talent is completely wasted here . The main interest for this movie is that Billy-Bob Thornton and Angelina Jolie seem to have first met while making it , resulting in there breif , yet highly publicized marriage.Somebody else who reviewed this for Amazon says this movie is a comedy . While I admit there is some comic relief , it never occurred to me , while watching , that it was ever meant to be one .
 If your a pilot like me and enjoy a good plane flick , this is not the movie for you . Besides Cate Blanchette being a hotty there is nothing to this movie . Not only is there very little quality aviation related material , it glorifies controllers as hip , hard drinking , cool guys . Give me a break .
 I was very disappointed when I popped this DVD into my player . It was permanently set at a very wide-screen version , so I had huge black bars on the top and bottom of the screen - if you put the two black bars together , they would equal a bigger area than that of which the movie was playing in . I felt like I was watching a big rectangle with moving parts and voices instead of a movie . I went into the menu and tried all three settings , and the viewing area stayed the same . VERY DISAPPOINTING !!!
 This film is set in a bizarre fantasy world which vaguely resembles Earth . Supposedly mature adults with extremely important job responsibilities behave like emotional retards and/or felons . The characters are , barely , two-dimensional . The ending sequence , where Cusack 's character blackmails a pilot into summoning a passenger to the cockpit of a commercial jetliner , is perhaps the stupidest scene I have ever witnessed in a major motion picture . God-awful stuff . Avoid , avoid , avoid !
 1 1/2 stars.I am a huge John Cusack fan and really had high expectations of this movie , but was extremely disappointed . This movie is a drama with no significant humor - those people who found it funny can probably start gigling by flipping through a blank notepad.The main problem with this movie is that the central topic - being an air traffic controller - is simply not interesting to most people -LRB- apologies to the genuine controllers out there who do a great and valuable job -RRB- . Arranging planes in three dimensions at an airport is just boring to watch and there is no sense of urgency or suspense to this movie at all . Watching the computer screens was like playing the world 's most boring game for the orignal Atari . The dialogue between Cusack , Thornton and the pilots was supposed to be fast and witty , but came across being extremely forced.The so-called rivalry between Cusack and Thornton was equally forced . Rivalries work between cowboys or soldiers looking for the most glory and the attention of beautiful women , between stockbrokers seeking the most money or thrills , between politicians seeking power , and between athletes seeking the scoring title or new records . A rivalry between two air traffic controllers is neither viable nor compelling and is about as interesting as a 21 meal a week diet of plain oatmeal.I am not faulting the actors for this movie ; by and large , they all did a decent job with what they had and are very talented thespians . The writing for this movie was simply bad , making the characters have either dull conversations or unrealistic ones . Thornton had nothing to work with to apply his great dramatic acting abilities and Cusack was similarly left out in the cold with regard to comedy.From the first five minutes of this movie , I wanted to shut it off , and that feeling grew stronger every minute until it ended . For me , the best part of this movie was the previews . Do yourself a favor and skip this dud .
 This was clearly one of the worst movies I have ever seen . I could not conceive of who would have read the script and agreed to take part in this debacle . A serious waste of celluloid . Is risking people 's lives so that you can appear cool to your alcoholic , philandering , uncaring co-workers meant to be funny ? A better night would be spent listening to traffic reports -- it would be as funny and entertaining .
 the first part of the movie was interesting but waiting for it to get to `` uproariously contest of wit '' as described on the DVD box quickly became tiresome . The plot was weak , the acting rather wooden . Even Jolie -LRB- fatuously -RRB- could not spark this one into a great movie . I wanted a pin to deflate those blubberly lips of hers . And the scene in the pilot 's cabin ? How ridiculous and fairy tale fantasy . I guess you have to love all the players in order to truly enjoy this one .
 I own this movie because it came as part of a box set . I 'd never heard of it before and did n't know anything about it , but eventually decided to watch it . I 've tried to sit through it twice now , but ca n't seem to make it . It 's supposed to be a comedy , but it 's just not funny . I do n't think I more than cracked a smile through the first 45 minutes . I kinda skimmed the rest of it , but I just did n't get it . The only things funny about this movie are that someone thought it was a good idea , and that idiots like me actually own it . Save your money .
 John Cusack . Angelina Jolie . Billy Bob Thornton . Cate Blanchett . Jake Weber . How did such good actors get in such a lifeless , pointless movie ? Basically nothing more than a testosterone competition between Thornton and Cusack , the movie is n't funny and its dramatic attempts fail because the characters are so shallow and unlikeable . Director Mike Newell blew this one , folks .
 John Cusack is the best air traffic controller at one of the world 's busiest airports , but when small town sensation Billy Bob Thornton shows up and turns out to be an even greater virtuoso of the radar screen , Cusack tries to compete with him -LRB- not only at work , but for Thornton 's wife -RRB- and ultimately has a breakdown.None of this is particularly funny , or dramatic , or interesting . The two leads are fine , considering the material , but Angelina Jolie is wasted , as are several other supporting cast members of note . The end product is uninspired .
 Pushing Tin starts out great . It captures the very true-to-life quirkiness of air traffic controllers . John Cusack is totally believable in this role . And Cate Blanchett is amazing as his wife . However after Billy Bob Thornton appears on the scene as a rival air traffic controller with his voluptuous alcoholic wife -LRB- played by his now real life wife Angelina Jolie -RRB- things take a turn for the worse . The competition between Cusack and Thornton 's characters gets to the point of being ridiculous and dangerous . Their infidelities and personal problems are just too out there . This film missed the mark but had really stellar beginnings . It could have been so much better .
 This is one of the worst films ever made . I kept waiting for the film to end . The first 20 minutes are interesting-you see how traffic controllers work in their high stress enviornment . Aside from that , the film was badly cast . Other than air traffic controllers , I cant imagine anyone liking this film .
 Sure , Pushing Tin has a great cast , but the script they 're working with is flat at best . I kept waiting for the film to generate some energy or some thrills or some laughs , but it never happens . The sappy Hollywood loves-story `` lets make up '' ending is a real eye-roller . The DVD picture quality is first rate but apparently the studio did n't think the film was worthy of adding any extras .
 This is one of those flicks that had me changing the display on the DVD player from `` Elapsed Time '' to `` Remaining Time . `` As I pilot , I found the ATC communications to be refreshingly authentic , although I ca n't vouch for the behavior of the controllers . -LRB- And I most certainly hope that the previous reviewer was kidding when he said the portrayal of the TRACON environment was realistic . -RRB- The whole plot drags on and on , without much in the way of twists or diversions . The characters are flat , despite the best efforts of the actors , and the script is bland in addition to being fairly unbelieveable.I gave this one two stars only because I was able to stomach watching it all the way through , although I ca n't say I enjoyed it . I ca n't even recommend a rental here.If you 're a Cusack fan , you 'd be better off buying `` One Crazy Summer . ''
 One of the worst movies , relative to its production values , ever made . It manages to turn an inherently interesting profession , air traffic control , into meaningless slapstick . Filled with overacting and painfully puerile writing.It was sad to see A-list actors wasted on this dreck .
 I rented the movie due to it 's great cast , and the promising premise . However , it was very disappointing , the movie left me saying `` so what ? '' . The acting was excellent , and there were some great scenes , but it was incredibly boring and silly . This movie is only worth watching if you have some time to kill .
 SIGH ! WHAT ELSE CAN I SAY ? IT TRIES TO BE A COMEDY BUT I WAS DEPRESSED . BRADLEY ? HE CA N'T ACT .
 From watching the other American Ninja Movies I thought that this movie would be as good . I was shocked when I saw how terrible this movie was compared to the movies before it . This movie in no way depicts the real ninja or any other Martial arts style . The acting is Bad and the special effects are worse . The plot is totally far fetched to say the least . Please do n't waste your money on this poor attempt of a movie .
 I will state right off the bat that I have always been a fan of the American Ninja series . Yes I know they are n't art but I enjoy the cheesball action and performances . After viewing American Ninja 4 , which was rather entertaining in its own B-grade way , I was looking forward to viewing American Ninja 5 . The hookey cover art through me for a loop at first . It 's just a lame picture of the characters in the film in stupid poses and mist added in to make it look `` mystic '' . I was hoping the movie would be more entertaining than the cover art led on . Sadly it was n't . Here we get the `` PG-13 / Karate Kid wanna-be '' version of American Ninja . David Bradley -LRB- American Ninja 3 & 4 -RRB- returns but this time he plays a different character . He plays Joe Castle and not Sean Davidson from American Ninja 3 & 4 . I found that to be a little strange , but oh well . One of his friends -LRB- the guy from the Karate Kid series no less -RRB- drops off his grandson -LRB- named Hiro -RRB- for Bradley to look after . Bradley reluntantly agrees and even takes the kid on a date he has that night . His date gets kidnapped by , take a wild guess , a bunch of ninja and he and the annoying Hiro kid go off to South America to rescue her . This is where the story rips-off American Ninja 2 . The Ninja are using Bradley 's ` girlfriend ' -LRB- even though he only new her for a day -RRB- as blackmail so her father will create a deadly gas . Snore , been there , done that , and better.Another bummer is that now the great fight sequences are gone . The fights from the previous Ninja enstallments are more tamed down , kid friendly battle scenes with Hiro making stupid comments every now and then . It 's as if the filmmakers were targeting fans of the Karate Kid series instead of fans the violent R-Rated American Ninja franchise . Mistake.To top it off , the music is some of the worst I have ever heard and belongs more to a made for cable Disney movie than a martial arts film.If you ca n't tell , this is the Disney version of an American Ninja film . Hell I thought any minute I would see Herbie the Love Bug driving down the street to great our heros . Only buy this DVD if your a completest . Otherwise your better off buying American Samurai , which would have been a far better American Ninja sequel than this tame junk .
 When I heard of American Ninja 5 for the first time a few years ago , I thought to myself , I loved the first 4 , I got to find this one . Well it 's a good thing I did n't since I saw it one late night on Spike TV . Apparently it 's a kiddie martial arts movie much more similar to 3 Ninjas than American Ninja . What made the people who made this movie decide to deceive people into thinking that this kid friendly ninja movie is a sequel to the rated R action of American Ninja 1-4 ? I suppose they wanted to capatalize on the success on 3 Ninjas and slap on the title of American Ninja at the same time actually thinking they would make more money or something.It 's not rated R , and David Bradley does n't even play Sean Davidson this time . Maybe Michael Dudikoff was n't available this time again like in part 3 and they thought , everyone wants to see a kid friendly movie instead of the 2 American ninjas teaming up again . What a joke . Instead they team up Bradley as a new character with a 10 year old who , although good at martial arts , but c'mon , he 's 10 . And if I remember correctly , there was actually ninja on rollerskates in this movie . Oh yeah , and the leader ninja actually wears a cape . Ninja do n't wear capes . He looked more like an Asian Dr. Strange then a ninja.I had heard the original title for this was actually American Dragons . It even had that title when it was on Spike TV . It must have done so bad that before they shipped it to stores they probably changed the title to grab fans of the American Ninja films . Luckily , I was not sucked in , I did n't buy this dvd , I would n't even buy it for a dollar . I might take it for free just to sell it to someone I hate . Actually , I would n't subject anybody to see this and would use it as a coaster instead.I wish I could give this 0 stars because it makes me so upset . Please , I do recommend the first 4 American Ninjas which I have on dvd , but do n't get this . Just look at the ridiculous cover and know it 's terrible . There 's a reason I only mention American Ninja 1-4 to anybody and never mention this . Because this is not a sequel ! This has nothing to do with the first 4 films ! Remember that ! Actually do n't ! Pretend this does n't exist like I do .
 Eight years after its creation , the `` American Ninja '' series released its fourth and final sequel , disappointingly ending its status as one of the more recognizable American martial arts franchises on a dreary note . `` American Ninja 5 '' is a pretty bad , but contrary to its IMDb status , I would n't say it 's one of the worst movies ever made . Aficionados of the first four films need n't bother with this one , though , and neither for the most part do regular action fans , but lovers of camp will be rolling for this one , and that ought to count for something . At least it 's not a boringly bad movie.The story
 This movie really hit me hard ... with IDIOCY ! When I saw it on the IMDB ` 100 worst movies ' I figured it would be bad . Nothing could prepare me for this movie . This is a formulaic , typical martial arts movie with extra cheese and no originality . Bad guys kidnap girl . Ninja master and troubled kid go on a quest to save her ... You know the plot . We have seen a million times before and we already know the ending!When I watch a martial arts movie I am expecting horrible acting , cheesy dialogue , hokey script and bad one liners . Fortunately , even the cheesiest martial arts films have GOOD ACTION , GORE AND LOTS OF FIGHTING ! In this movie we do n't even get the blood , gore and butt kicking ... There are n't any heads lopped off with katana , shuriken stuck in someone 's eyeball , or ANY of that cool stuff one would expect to find in a ninja movie . It was like someone took a mediocre action flick and edited all the gore out so it would n't scare kids under 6 years old.I REALLY ca n't stand when movie writes ca n't make up their minds ! A movie needs A TARGET AUDIENCE ! It is a rare movie that can please all age groups so writers and directors must choose a group to gear it toward . These writers tried to make a movie to appeal to kids and adults but instead of writing a kids movie , they took a ` grownup ' script and watered it down to make it ` kid friendly ' losing the adult AND kid audience ! Simply put = Kids do n't CARE about secret scientific pesticide research and kidnapped older ladies and adults do n't want to see bad acting , clich&eacute; , predictable plots with NO gore ! No wonder this dreck bombed!Is it a kid 's movie ? If so it needs more of the kid kicking butt . It also needs more ` cool ' gadgets and non-gory action which appeals to boys . It also needs a plot that teaches kids something valuable and that kids can comprehend . There is a kid doing martial arts in this movie but there is way too much talking and the plot is too boring for a kid . What kid wants to watch a `` kids '' movie where the adult is the hero ? In a kid 's movie THE KID should be a hero ! This kid in the movie is named `` Hiro '' but he is actually more of a sidekick . Kid 's movies are supposed to be FUN , creative and should empower and teach kids . Kids would fall asleep during this movie!Is this a grownups movie ? Not really . If you are an adult you will notice the bad acting , the slow pace and the lack of plot . It also does n't have a lot of action compared to other ninja movies . The fight scenes have ok choreography but they are VERY typical scenes with no original moves . Martial arts fans looking to check out the ` cool ' moves will be disappointed . Some of the stunts ARE cool but there is hardly any fight scenes in the movie compared to most other action movies ! The bad guys in the movie are also VERY stereotypical and would only be scary in a kid 's movie ... So it fails for adults too!This movie even fails to have camp value . Campy movies are SO cheesy you can actually laugh and make fun of them . With this movie you ca n't even do that . There are many cheesy , corny martial arts movies that are A RIOT with bad plots , fake looking gore , overdubbed voices that do n't match the mouths and unrealistic fight scenes . This is what makes them funny ! This movie is n't even cheesy enough to be funny , it 's just lame ! So yeah , maybe this would be a cool movie ... if you are an 8 year old boy and your strict parents wo n't let you watch violent ` grownup ' martial arts movies . Even then , I would sooner beg the kid 's parents to let him watch a good martial arts movie rather than recommend this awful one . Some movies are so bad they are funny , movies like this are just BAD and not worth watching even for a laugh !
 I saw this movie on TV , and I have to say that it 's probably not the best movie in the world ... but it 's not the worst , either . So lighten up , peoples ! The Martial Arts is actually pretty good , not as cheesy as Power Rangers style Martial Arts . I know that guy David Bradley is n't a very good actor -LRB- no wonder I have n't seen him in any other movie recently ! -RRB- , but the kid who plays Hiro is the only one -LRB- besides Pat Morita -RRB- , with actual acting talent . Also , the kid who plays Hiro is actually pretty good looking . Anyways , if you 've seen the other AMERICAN NINJA movies , then you can be pretty sure what AMERICAN NINJA 5 is all about . To put a long story short
 Why are there so many bad horror movies at Blockbuster ? How do they even make it past the student film showcase ? Side-Sho is god aweful . I do n't mean the type of bad that its so bad its good -LRB- Troma -RRB- , I mean the filmmakers of this movie tried so hard and they wasted good money . DO NOT BUY/RENT/OR WASTE the 1 hour 1/2 on this crapfest . It has to be a student film from some community college somewhere , because the acting is the worst and its a ripoff of every good horror movie of the past 5 years . there is n't even NUDITY to make up for any of this . there is literally ONE small boob . thats it . ONE ! I 'd rather watch my dying grandmother take a dump than sit through CRAP SHO one more time . The filmmakers of this movie should be literally crapped on for an 1 1/2 hours . Amateurs !
 Poorly filmed , chock full of bad acting -LRB- and fat hoochies -RRB- , Side Sho is a bad idea put on film . The story is a copy of `` The Hills Have Eyes '' , which is part of the problem . A bunch of yuppies decide to go off the beaten path and wind up getting torn apart by mutant redneck circus folk.The director must of used old film stock , that probably explains why this cliche riddled film is so grainy . Do yourself a favor - buy something else .
 This is just another quickly-made , low-budget , quirky , cheesy horror film . Take it for what it is , and have a few laughs while watching.The reviews that give this movie 5 stars are quite hilarious because this movie is in no way a five star movie.Enjoy .
 I 'm not sure if some of the reviewers are friends of people involved with this film or maybe all of their mothers trying to help their career or maybe they are all the review of some lonely guy in Antartica.All I know is that I do n't think they must have watched the same movie as I did and if that 's the case , I am soooo jealous because I would love to get the time back that I spent watching it . The dialogue was forced with every line delivered including the name of the person they were speaking to , such as `` Where are we now , John ? '' , `` Good going , Dad '' or `` What am I doing in this movie , mommy ? `` The acting ... well , it was n't really acting and the storyline was not unique and any episode of Buffy the Vampire Slayer has better effects . I really do admire low budget productions that are done really well , but this is just not one of them .
 A family on a trip take a time-out to visit a side show because Dad needs more photos for his coffee table book . The W is missing on the sign so they arrive at the side sho run by a creepy one-eyed barker who claims to be ancient but a close-up shows the actor playing the part is probably in his late twenties at best . to add to the laughs later in the film the family runs into a crazy woman they had met previously and she claims the barker is her pappy.To cut to the chase after the family leaves the bogus side sho -LRB- a couple of fetus 's in jars and a snake in a glass case , dad takes a wrong turn , the car runs out of gas , and soon they find themselves knee-deep in in-bred country . Not only in-bred but mutant in-bred -LRB- The Hills Have Eyes , anyone ? -RRB- . The family fights back but every time they kill one of the mutants , two more show up-family kill two-three more mutants appear and etc. . etc and so-on . This film does n't even fall into the so bad it 's good category so BEWARE . The only thing I find funny is the phony 5 star reviews written by `` plants ''
 A family looking for some old roadside attractions to include in the father 's coffee-table book come across an ancient , decrepit old freak show run by an eccentric one-eyed man . When their family van breaks down upon leaving the sideshow , they 're forced to stay at a nearly abandoned fishing camp that was the site of a prison break decades prior.There have been many films in the ` freak ' subgenre of horror , ranging from Tod Browning 's beloved ` Freaks ' -LRB- 1932 -RRB- to Alex Winter 's hilarious ` Freaked ' -LRB- 1993 -RRB- . Those are both classics -LRB- or soon-to-be with ` Freaked ' -RRB- . ` Side Sho , ' however , never will be . And if it ever does reach classic status ... well , it will be an obvious clue to the sad state of our genre . From the ridiculously bad opening song to the 17-year-old daughter that 's obviously older than her natural mother , this film did not have much going for it . The writing was subpar , but not completely awful ... just boring . The direction was poor , and the rare freak effects were pretty horrendous and unbelievable . The acting was abysmal and the casting was even worse . Anyone who would believe the ages of these two camp-age teenagers must not have met a teenager in a long , long time . There was far from enough gore & violence to make up for the lack of any other quality ... and when there was a bit of violence , it was not well done at all . And , I ca n't forget to mention the ending fight scenes which were , with all honesty , some of the worst I 've ever , ever seen in a film . Overall , this is an easily forgettable and poorly made horror film that deserves to be left alone at the bottom of the dollar bin.Final verdict
 If what you are looking for has a thin plot , horrible writing and even worse acting , this is your movie . If you value your time , keep looking for something else , as this movie does not even deserve 1 star .
 There is no other way to describe what you want to do just 5 minutes into this work of failure!I love most of the B movies I watch , but this has to be the worst waste of time ever!Keep your money and those precious minutes you will never get back
 This is by far the worst horror movie I have seen all year . I watch horror almost exclusively so I have seen some bad movies but this now rates the worst .
 Seriously , do n't waste your time . I like cheesy , bad horror movies , but this was just painful to watch . Pay attention to the 1 and 2 star reviews . If it fell into the `` so bad , it 's funny '' category , I might have given it 2 or 3 stars . This was just bad .
 A family straight out of a sixties sitcom makes the familiar cinematic mistake of taking a backroad to see the sights and end up at a fallen down sideshow full of inbred freaks who want to breed with women...ho-hum . It 's all been done before and better.The `` acting '' is laughable ; the makeup is terrible and you wo n't believe the `` dog/freak '' . A pretty bad movie !
 Awful , awful , terrible movie.I 'd rather be waterboarded than have to watch this again .
 `` Fake reviews from the makers of this film ! '' They had hot chick 's but everything else was the exact opposite of their reviews . `` CHECK THE REVIEWERS OTHER REVIEWS ! '' That 's right folks the ones that gave it five stars only reviewed this movie . Kinda odd is n't it !? They would n't try to pawn this cr * p on to you would they ?
 I watched the first few episodes of Season One as this show was very highly rated and reviewed on Amazon . I was disappointed . The story is disappointing , basically a mountain made out of a molehill . Yes , the acting , direction , and production values are good . The production is a bit over the top -LRB- arguably -RRB- with attention to every minute piece of detail . However , it is the story which just does n't grab me enough to make me want to watch any more . The show tries to lure viewers with fascinating trivia of early 20th century life in England , and I do not understand why viewers -LRB- the reviewers who rated this as 5 stars -RRB- are so caught up with it . Finally , I did not see a warning posted by anyone - this is a chick flick equivalent of a TV show . One of the rare occasions where ratings on Amazon are not justified .
 When I found I could stream this series with my Amazon Prime trial , I was overjoyed . I 'd heard so much about it.Yes , the setting is gorgeous , the clothing is beautiful , the women 's faces are lovely and unlined -LRB- except Maggie Smith 's , of course ! -RRB- , but ... I just did not like any of the characters . After watching the first episode , I thought , `` Do I care about any of these people ? '' And my answer was no , so that 's it for me . No one seems nice at all , and some characters are downright annoying -LRB- Daisy -RRB- . Maybe I 'm just sick of the whole upper crust gotta-get-the-girl-married plot . -LRB- I 've watched a lot of British movies . -RRB-
 I ordered the import , region free , UK edition blu ray dvd . Very disappointed . The Interior scenes are very grainy . I have the UK edition Season 2 , -LRB- PBS release -RRB- and it is very sharp and clear . I wanted to get the rumored ` unedited ' versions for the extended scenes , but I do n't think they really exist . I did not find any extra minutes in the versions.If I can , I am going to return this set because the viewing quality is so poor compared to my season two discs.I love the series , the show is impeccable and very entertaining .
 Times changes . Things change . The Carnaervon estate used to have gorgeous grounds but now instead beautiful green grass which makes it look not so much like a country estate as a golf course or modern private club . The inside shots are gorgeous but the rooms of the family members are empty of personal touches . They remind me of the rooms inside a country house that has become a hotel . The cast unlike in `` Upstairs , Downstairs '' do not `` own '' their environment . They are not at home in it . It looks as if they have been placed in a precious antique and asked to say their lines but not touch anything . It could be because this home is still owned and occupied by the Carnaervon family and they might have had rules of what to do or not do . But I do think the producers could have obtained more leeway in setting the stage for this story . The idea is a wonderful one and a remake of such a drama is welcome . But again unlike `` Upstairs , Downstairs '' , this version moved along far too quickly never giving any one character the time to develop and tell their stories to us . `` Upstairs , Downstairs '' was five seasons long and all it 's fans were sad when it ended . Why could n't these writers and producers follow a similar path ? When we skim the surface of a story we really never know it nor understand the time in which it happened . This series is very guilty of skimming , of moving too fast , of telling important things too quickly and moving on to the next event . Life now is moving too fast . We all see that . We sometimes suffer from it 's effects . It would be nice if filmmakers returned to the tradition when making these kinds of series , such as `` Upstairs , Downstairs '' or `` The Forsytes '' or `` The Duchess of Duke Street '' , of slowing down in telling a good story letting all the people develop as they move through the tale , giving time enough to pivotal events , and paying attention to set design amongst other things . All the actors are excellent . Why should n't they be . They are most of them the cream of the British film industry . But the series could have been so much better . And I want people to watch other series of this kind and realize what such a world was like and how a good story could be told well.An addition on January 24 . I believe this series could have been much better . I 've watched it through and found it wanting . I 've been , frankly , attacked and found this humorous but also disturbing . It seems some believe one has no right to express an opinion ; a negative opinion that is . Wow ! `` Beggin yur pardon , sir '' with a curtsey is perhaps what this critic of mine really expected in response . Does the term `` when H. . L freezes '' over strike a cord . It should , MK . Or how about , do n't argue pedigrees and such blather with a name like yours . And be careful as `` Bauer '' is not mine . I see my country with it 's Tory PM and it 's rewriting of history and the losses of important rights and privileges becoming a country of haves and have nots more rapidly than I thought possible . A new Edwardian style world where a 21st century gentry is cosseted by the rest of the citizenry is not impossible . There is much to fear about what England will be like in 2 to 4 generations . My critic herein seems to believe that name dropping and insults are the appropriate response to my review . One should remind him , among many things that his writings bring up to me , that a piece of paper only several months old issued by a Tory government does not a `` Lord '' make . Was I to be silenced and know my place by that remark . Is something imparted that I am missing . Do you MK know how common that particular remark was ? And being `` an Englishman '' does not make one versed in the history of England between the 1870 's and the end of World War Two . I wish it were otherwise . No responses are necessary or desired . Sad England , poor England . For fans out there books and films abound with a truer perspective of England in the years leading up to World War One . It was a romantic world and very beautiful but deeply flawed and lacking in so much . Many tales in print and on film can be purchased right here but do try to give lots of business to the U.K. sellers . I think they do need it badly . I repeat the actors and the house itself are perfection in `` Downton '' . The story , by someone who wrote that terric screenplay `` Gosford Park '' was not would it could have been at all.Oh dear , more comments directed to my comments . Let me paraphrase G.K. Chesterton . In a well written piece the author tells much about the hero . In a badly written piece , the author tells much about themselves . Do wish I 'd remembered this earlier as it would have saved me so much time ... January 28 , 2011
 Warning - only purchase if you like to watch grown men kiss . If you find it disturbing , then this is not for you . There are plenty of other great choices like Bleak House , North & South , etc. .
 Period dramas are a favorite with our family , and I was taking a peek at this to see if I liked it well enough for purchasing . I was drawn in by the wonderful acting and the plot , but then was disturbed by the explicit sexual scenes . Why must they always ruin a good thing with displays of mature adult material , especially when it seems so out of character for a period of drama of this time ? One scene shows two men kissing and discussing their love affair , and the other of a man showing up in a woman 's bedroom unannounced and without having so much as established a relationship . This is PBS Masterpiece Theater , for crying out loud . There could have been a better way to introduce the scene and the character , without going to such lengths . Thankfully I was able to preview this online without spending any money , but I am sorely disappointed that the director did not find a different way to tell the same story and make it family friendly .
 One problem with unrated videos with incomplete descriptions is that the content can blindside viewers . I enjoy watching Masterpiece with my kids but am rather conservative so I found the unexpected scenes of coerced sex and homosexuality in this series objectionable . But it provided a good teachable moment for discussing how producers and writers try to foist their views of morality on the masses.I also question whether material written less than 10 years ago should be labeled as classic ...
 I 'm so disappointed to see movies that are beautifully filmed and acted with sex scenes and innuendos , especially when they are set in a somewhat more chaste time period . Beware that there is homosexual content if you find it offensive . It was sad to see the worst brought out in several characters , especially the hateful relationship of two sisters . Not as ruined as Northanger Abbey with it 's nude scene -LRB- which would completely embarrass the author of the work -RRB- , but still disappointing .
 My wife wanted to watch a girly movie that was clean and watched this movie . My wife was half way through the movie and about vomited when she saw two men kiss . How unatural .
 We were shocked when as we were quite a bit into the show , we saw a disturbing scene of 2 men kissing . We turned it off as quickly as we could . We were quite disappointed that they had to put that in the show and we will not be watching any further episodes .
 Turned it off as soon as two guys started kissing on screen . Disgusting . Good thing it was a free Amazon Prime video . Moving on .
 The story was interesting and engaging , but I stopped watching when they portrayed a man kissing another man romantically . Not my cup of tea . If you like that sort of thing , this will likely be a good choice for you . If you do n't like that sort of thing , be prepared for a surprise `` yuck '' factor .
 I ca n't believe how many people like this show and have rated it so well . In episode 1 it shows two guys kissing . Absolutely in appropriate . What a sick , perverse generation .
 As a frequent viewer of Masterpiece Theatre 's films and series I was quiet surprised when they choose to include homosexual content in the very first episode of this series . I have always held their shows in high regard for their high moral and ethical standards , but have been proven wrong with this production . I presumed that their programs were family safe , but will now have my guard up when considering to view any of their productions . I am very dissapointed with Downtown Abbey and hope that Masterpiece Theatre will do a better job making their films appropriate for children and families . Do n't let appearences fool you , the depravity of the world is now being glamorized by Masterpiece !
 This was really well done from an artistic stand point , that is , right up until a footman kisses a duke in his room in a very seductive scene . Not a family friendly video , by any means . Very disappointed .
 a SNOOZER ! how can anyone enjoy this ! this show is awful ! 4 stars really ? must be the actors moms and dads giving those stars
 Well this was an enjoyable movie , the 1st episode ends with two guys kissing . Ruins the movie ! I was very disappointed and wish I had read more reviews before wasting an hour of my time .
 The sub-story about a homosexual relationship with a servant and a duke in the early 20th century was uncommon , but but maybe possible -LRB- homosexual behavior dates back several thousands of years , I realize it is n't new ... still I found it 's presence in this series very foul tasting and really ruined the show . sorry .
 Unfortunately , the Region A Blu-ray version of Downton Abbey Season 1 -LRB- Original UK Version -RRB- is defective . The video was apparently transferred incorrectly from PAL 1080i 25 fps to ATSC 1080i 30 fps . It stutters noticeably every few seconds to the point of being very distracting no matter which Blu-ray player , TV , or video processor I used to deinterlace/play it . I recommend buying the Region B version and playing it on a region-free player and TV that can handle PAL 1080i 25 fps formats without conversion to 30 fps . Unfortunately , Whatever post-production company PBS contracted with did a terrible job of converting this to region A formats , which is a shame because it is such a great series . The only reason this gets two stars is that the series is so good .
 downton abbey is a real treat . Wish I could hear it . WHere are the closed captions on Amazon Prime ? I know many are wondering the same thing . A-prime is a disappointment for videos for my family without cc .
 I went to the Amazon website specifically to purchase the first season of Downton Abbey . In the usual black print , in parenthesis , the notice `` Region 2 '' appeared , but I did not look at the explanation in `` What does this mean . '' I assumed it had something to do with postal zones . I clicked on the photo which brought up the description of the product and the `` Purchase Now '' button . I immediately clicked on the Purchase button because I knew exactly what I wanted . The larger RED LETTERS cautioning that I probably would not be able to play this in the US did not quite make it into my window . So , when I received the disks , and since there is nothing on the outside of the package to indicate I would not be able to play these in the US , I opened it and stuck it in the DVD player , only to get the simple message `` Wrong Region . '' Naturally , after much investigation , I found the answers to my questions . I also found that dozens of other people had made the same mistake . I went to Redbox and rented the first season with NOT A WORRY about problems playing the disks.The seller was unsympothetic . And BTW , I spoke to people who live in or were born in Region 2 and they had no idea the world is broken down in to regions and that there are disks not compatible with their DVD players.Live and learn.I 'm donating my disks to the Free Library in Japan .
 as a huge period drama fan I have to say I 'm disappointed with these series . it 's boring , and I do n't care for any of the characters . I do n't like the whole socialist idea . having lived in the socialist country I really do n't see what 's the fascination about socialism . the only good thing about the series -LRB- in my humble opinion -RRB- is beautiful sets and costumes , and a little glimpse at `` upstairs/downstairs '' customs . also I laughed at a nurse making diagnosis on the patient and prescribing medicine . that 's not in her scope of practice .
 very captivatingreally surprised when I saw that there was no ending -- just dangling unresolved plot lineswaiting for next seasonfelt annoyed and cheated , do n't bother buying until the rest of the story is written -LRB- if it is ever actually produced -RRB-
 Nicely filmed . Poorly acted . Poorly cast . Poorly written . This is a story which takes a proud genre , the British period piece , and makes it just pedestrian enough , and just inane enough to appeal to the modern mass market , even in America . It has all of the salaciousness and sliminess of a modern soap opera and little else to mitigate this unfortunate nature , other than the nice interior home shots and posh British accents . The bar has been lowered to meet the modern taste as is so often the case in modern media .
 Disappointed!Downtown Abbey is an absorbing story , and a wonderful commentary on the society then prevailing in England . My disappointment stemmed from the fact that I received only three disks , an incomplete version . I watched more episodes on PBS CPTV , and it was precisely because the series ended before denouement , that I ordered the DVD . Alas , the three disks of my newly received DVD titillatingly stopped MIDWAY ! How disappointed I was , for nowhere in the advertisement did it say that the three disks told only half the story . That pronouncement should have been have been prominently displayed ! Then one would not be left moaning , `` What , oh what ever happened to Downtown Abbey ? Perhaps it was bombed to smithereens ! ''
 Thought it would be the quality of Pride and Prejudice or Becoming Jane but it lacks in both visual and auditory quality . It was more like watching a made-for-TV soap opera . I found it very hard to understand what they were saying at times , even though I lived in England three years!It was described as very lush in visuals and I did n't find that at all.The costumes were good and the interior of the home was nicely done but I felt it lacked breadth and depth and the feel of a quality film set .
 I love English/BBC productions , but maybe I was not in the mood for Downtown Abbey.I purchased one episode and that was it . I had a hard time following and did n't care for the gay situation at all .
 When I went online to order Downton Abbey , there was nothing to indicate that the version was NOT able to be viewed in the US . As soon as I received the film , I contacted Amazon and was told that the correct version would be sent to me immediately . I have not received the correct version to date and Amazon had told me that they had received the wrong version over a week ago . I was told that the correct version was going to be sent the day I called without Amazon awaiting the return of the British version of the film . so I have been charged and have no film . I think you need to find a better way of listing your films so customers get a version that is watchable in the country in which the consumer resides !
 This is part of a genre started by ` Upstairs Downstairs ' back in the 1970 's and much loved by viewers . Generally I would rate Downton Abbey as a one -LRB- maybe two -RRB- star production . There are several reasons why I ca n't go higher . The first is the determination to pack too much material into each episode so that at best it is cluttered . One feels at times that even the actors are confused as to what is going on . Second , the relationships between the family and servants and between the different strata of servants is entirely wrong . Edwardian aristocratic households did not work in that way . The portrayal of the household in the first world war is just nonsense . One of the hilariously bad features is the master of the house walking around in an officer 's uniform the whole time without ever apparently going off to war -LRB- and he 's such a nice chap -RRB- . Maggie Smith is a great idea and she does a great job of being Maggie Smith . Of course we all remember Gosford Park and at times script has been lifted from that movie . We are working through the standard hack subplots and I expect to find that two of the senior servants are sisters . Some of the subplots come and go so quickly that if you do tend to sleep during really boring TV , you may miss them . I love the new tendency of publishers to include words like ` Masterpiece ' in the title so that we believe that to be an independent assessment of the product . Hugh Bonneville is badly cast as the master of the house and both he and much of his family are unconvincing . The writers really do need to do some research on Edwardian society and ` the way we were ' . My family scream with laughter every time the Irish chauffeur appears
 Not everyone wants to witness homosexual kissing . It 's really too bad that the makers of this story felt the need to do that . Warning to those who , like me , do not want to watch nor support that kind of movie .
 I ordered this DVD because I love period films but I was not prepared for the homosexual scenes -LRB- two men making love -RRB- . It was extremely offensive and I did not finish watching the DVD .
 Being an avid fan and buyer of period films old and new , I was greatly looking forward to this production . Such fabulous actors , scenery , costumes , and more . However -LRB- SPOILER -RRB- the graphic portrayal of a same-sex relationship in the first episode makes it definitely not suitable for our family 's entertainment preferences . Really a shame .
 We were really interested in and enjoying this show with our whole family until a very seedy and needless scene of two men who began kissing on a bed and speaking of their previous encounters.One of the men had just led one of the main characters , a young lady off alone to some secluded parts of their mansion and it was assumed that he was interested in her in a romantic way . The point I would like to make is that we felt that we had been subjected to seeing sexual imagery that we would rather have not seen and it was upsetting for us all . The film seemed to be well-made and intriguing but it is a shame that the producers felt they needed to include such topics to attract attention to their movie . Badly done ... badly done indeed . What a disappointment ! Please keep this type of historic drama family friendly as there is much to be learned from them .
 I started to watch the 2nd Season and was very happy with it but decided to stop so I could see it from the beginning . I proceeded to buy Season 1 and saw that I had Instant Video come with it . I was so excited to not have to wait to see the 1st episode ... Well I was definitely dissipointed , extremely disgusted by 2 men kissing in the first season . I thought these were family films ! Horrible and in very Bad Taste ! I canceled immediately and will not buy from Masterpiece Classics . I wish I would have read the 1 star reviews .
 I was such a fan of the original series that I just had to try this update . I was really disappointed . The characters are not believable and the acting is somewhat stiff . The story was just boring . It would be ok to watch on TV , but I 'm sorry I wasted money on the DVD . I probably wo n't watch it again .
 First of all , I really do think it important that Amazon.com warn buyers when content is depraved or verging on perversion in any way . The problem is so much of what passes for entertainment these days is depraved . I was shocked and disgusted to come upon the scene of two men kissing . There was absolutely no warning . This is a period drama and so I was expecting something as high class as Pride and Prejudice . Why does everything modern have to cater to those with base tastes ? I feel very sad for families that may have been watching this with young children , especially young impressionable boys . Our culture seems intent on making young men think that all men are gay . Planting seeds into impressionable minds using entertainment content is how this lie is perpetuated . The next scene that shocked me was the scene where the maid deliberately caused her mistress to lose her baby by misscarriage . How evil.I could have acted better than Mary . Sybil , was one of the few likeable people in the film . I do n't consider this film a classic and wish that period pieces had not become the latest victim to modernity .
 I wish there were some way to know that these kinds of things are in the shows ... I was just getting into the plots when I just was sickened ! I do n't like those kind of surprises ... want to be able to pick what kinds of entertainment I like ahead of time .
 The show seemed interesting but , went downhill when some servants , who were hoping for personal gain , demeaned a gentle man who was disabled . I hoped the offenders would pay a heavy price but , it only got worse . Without warning , 2 men were kissing . I quit the show . Please provide more info re
 I was dismayed when I gave this DVD of Downton Abbey , a show I love , as a present to a friend to find she could n't play it . Then I noticed I had two types of DVDs in my give-away stack . I had stupidly ordered Blu-ray because I thought Blu-ray meant the same thing as HD -- that it provided inhanced picture quality -- not that it required a certain type of DVD player . I freely admit to low scores in technology savvy , but I 'll bet I 'm not the only one who is -LRB- was , for me now , the hard way -RRB- ignorant of the term , As an oft-returning customer of Amazon I would suggest a warning on all Blu-ray DVDs ; your customers will thank you for it!Sincerely , Duane Hampton
 Be aware that if you purchase this for download to your ipad or iphone that you will not be able to watch it on your television due to software blocks . You must purchase in itunes inorder to stream to your television .
 I can not watch anything without cc closed captioning . Therefore I only will use Netflix or other which feature closed captioning .
 I know a lot of people watch this show . I found the first episode to be very slow . -LRB- as did my fiance -RRB- . I guess I need to watch more ?
 I love this tv show , what was disappointing was the instant download or streaming never happened with my iPad . If it were a true instant stream video , I would have been satisfied !
 Having been down with the flu , I have turned to Amazon Prime to watch some of the amazing `` period videos '' from BBC . I am a Pride and Prejudice fan and I think I have watched every movie of the type that I could find . I recently watched Cranford and read that it was a little slow - which it was - but good . The acting was superb . When I saw this video , I was excited to see such high reviews . I absolutely adore these movies.Unfortunately , as I began to watch it , I could not believe the terrible acting . For someone who loves this type of film , I could not believe how terribly these characters were portrayed . Especially the women . Their tone and mannerisms and comments were extremely modern - not at all appropriate for the period being portrayed . And , the acthing was really bad at parts.Like I said , I am sick so I kept thinking `` surely it will get better ... '' and kept watching based on the glowing reviews . It never did . Then , I saw the two men kiss - out of nowhere . Did n't fit the story line at that point and seemed totally out of place . Anyway , then I went back and read the rest of the reviews.I think this film is caught in a political message about gay relationships . For those excited to see two men kissing in a BBC film , it was thrilling , even with bad acting . For those offended by it , it was trash.I just have to say that , even without the two men kissing , I was woefully disappointed . Based on the good reviews , I hoped it would be wonderful . Instead , I felt like some of the reviews were making some sort of political statement because this definitely was not 4 or 5 star acting . In fact , for me , it was insulting to the genre of films it claims to represent . Very sad . The filming was very nice , but the acting was painful , even when you 're sick and have nothing better to do . Just wished someone had warned me to read ALL the reviews before wasting an hour watching . I honestly ca n't see what anyone sees in the acting . I wo n't be finishing the series .
 This Blu-ray is shown to be in 1.33 aspect ratio . There is a 1.78 wide-screen version available but they want $ 60 for it . Do n't get the pan-and scan-version and miss out on the wonderful scenery !
 One reviewer said it best - &#34; watching rich people behave badly in period costumes &#34; only they meant it in a good way . This series has it all - innuendo and blatant NON innuendo . How can people watch this garbage ? -LRB- Or , as the Brits would say , rubbish -RRB- let ALONE let their kids watch this ?
 First , way too slow , too boring , then way too badly acted/written - my gawd , did n't anyone there have any sense of HISTORY ? This is a teleportation series - modern day , 21st century people were teleported back into time to act inappropriately , so that we could stand to watch it ? Well I could n't . Talk about disingenuous - who wrote this crap ? Who directed it , aliens ? Why would anyone be interested in these boorish , completely out of place , not-just-fictional-but-ridiculous people ? If you got interested , did you begin to explore the actual history of the period and realize you REALLY were watching a fictional flight of fancy , about how someone misremembered the past ? It just was n't like that back then.In order to enjoy a show , a film , a novel , you have to find someone in the story to relate to , to care about ; that 's why I stopped watching about 10 minutes into the 2nd episode . So take that into consideration ; I did not watch the entire series , nor should you waste your time that way either . Sorry , I know this show is all the rage , but please do n't watch it as if it had anything to do with England or Earth , or reality - or good acting , or good storytelling , or whatever .
 I can not obtain a refund on this product . I ordered the wrong thing and can not get my $ back . I do not intend to watch it on my PC !
 Thought I was purchasing a CD.OK , my mistake . I am not tech savy . Trying to view on my laptop has been frustrating to say the least !
 It 's bad enough that Movie Emporium , through Amazon of course , is selling defective merchandise but now I see that I have to wait for them to &#34; approve &#34; my returning it . Lousy treatment by Amazon and Movie Emporium . Disc 1 wo n't even load into my Blu-ray player while the second disc does . Did n't really see much difference in this &#34; uncut &#34; version anyway . Very disappointed in Amazon and this seller .
 Bought this DVD set with the understanding that it was for the entire first season of Downton Abby . It is not ! It was only the disc with episodes six and seven of the first season . The disc cover clearly says
 Heard so many good things about this series , I decided to get it . Watched the first hour , turned it off , realizing I had just wasted an hour of my time.Horrible acting ; mumbled dialogue ; two men kissing in the midst of a storyline that had NOTHING to do with their behavior . Just plain awful.Don ' t waste your time .
 I consider myself pretty open minded , but I really wish someone had warned me that I was about to witness such disgusting smut . In the very first episode of this series my family and I were subjected , with no warning whatsoever , to a shocking scene involving a male and female explicitly performing a heterosexual act of depravity ... namely kissing ... kissing EACH OTHER ! Till that moment I had been under the mistaken impression that this was a family film . Fortunately I was able to find the remote control and hit the stop button quickly , before my entire family was traumatized by this filth . Since we had only borrowed the DVD from our local library , we were n't out any money , and we did , of course , return the dvd and then set fire to the library in order to protect other potential viewers , so all 's well that ends well . Still , shame on you , Masterpiece Theater ! I understand that some so-called `` straight '' people feel they have no choice when it comes to their sexuality . Sure , whatever ! Still , if these people are going to choose to act on their weird desires , they should do so behind closed doors , or at least warn us when they 're about to act out sexually with a member of another gender . Seriously , they need to stop trying to shove their radical heterosexual agenda down everyone else 's throats . Now I 'm sure some of these politically motivated `` straights '' will flame me for saying this , but political correctness be damned , wrong is wrong ! Please keep it in your pants and stop ruining so many potentially good films and TV shows with your multi-gender smut , heterosexuals ! In the future , please slap a warning on your `` straight '' porno scenes before subjecting others to it .
 One star for the DISC experience . Five stars for the show . One of my favorite shows , I ordered this blu ray version of DOWNTON ABBEY , but was surprised to get a 2-disc set -LRB- the description says 3-disc set -RRB- where one disc had no sound . I 've returned the discs back to Amazon , but may consider getting a DVD set instead . Anyone else order this version -LRB- 3-disc described -RRB- and ended up with a 2-disc set ?
 This is nothing more than low class , back stabbing , soap opera sleeze dressed up to look like early twentieth century British aristocracy and their servants . Could this actually happen . Sure , but then not all human behavior is worth watching , much less paying good money for.I started to contribute my copy to the library , but then decided I did n't want to be responsible for someone else 's bad behavior . So I destroyed it.Try Jane Austen for British intrigue without the ongoing meanness .
 I hate that you ask me to review something that has n't even arrived . Now I 'm worried that it 's not coming and has been stolen or something ?
 I was very disappointed as when I received the DVD I of course opened it straight away but when I tried to play it as it was for the wrong region so I can not play it . So it was a total waste of money .
 Rented this for family movie night because we like period pieces . It started off good enough , but then took a turn for the worse when two guys started kissing . I 'm furious that my children saw a glimpse of such a scene before I could turn off the TV . Did not watch any more of the movie . Extremely disappointed .
 I do n't give a hoot about * Political Correctness * ! I refuse to watch homosexual scenes ! All I have to say about it , for those who feel the same BEWARE!I 'm sure I will now be * FLAMED * by all the HETEROPHOBES !
 i pick up christmas gifts all year long and i got this one a few months ago as a gift for my sister . upon arrival it looked to be in good shape and never would have known there was a serious problem with it . my sister , she called me day after christmas saying it would n't play . i thought it was just her so i drove down to her home and brought it back to to mine . placed it into all three of our bluray/dvd players and none would play the dvds , all came up wrong region 2 . needless to say very disappointed and am still waiting on seller to contact me back . honestly at this point i do n't have much hope of them doing right by me but that said just beware , this is an excellent series BUT if you ca n't play it you in as much just flushed your cash down the toilet . for the life of me why they would sell these to us here in n. america when they are fully aware it is coded for the UK and south africa only , just very disappointed , not amazon 's fault but the reseller e.g. importcds .
 I purchased season 1 ; episode 5 did not download . After two calls to Amazon , I discovered this was a &#34; known issue &#34; . But they still let me buy it.In the end they canceled my purchase and issued a refund , so they always play straight at the end !
 Just watched season one and loved it , apart from one point . The whole story line about the `` Flower Show ! '' . So obviously taken from `` Mrs Miniver '' , one of my favorites . Whoever was responsible did n't need to ` steal ' that . SHAME ! on you .
 After all the hype it was very disappointing never even finished the first episode . Great cast members but lacked something . It actually bored me
 I really wanted to love this series . I 'd never heard of it until , on a flight home from London , my British seat-mate told me about it
 The Blue Ray disc started with episode 4 instead of starting with episode 1 which was disappointing and confusing . It was lucky we had already watched the series and knew in what order the episodes were . This was the first time I have ordered a Blue Ray from Amazon and will be my last .
 Icky icky icky did not like it all . Unlikable , slimy characters . Enough said . I 'll watch Fox Tv if I want slimy .
 I realize there are many people who enjoyed this episode , and rightfully so . But it also has some shortcomings , and parents with younger children may not appreciate the shock value of the undisclosed controversial scenes.Downton Abbey has some very fine acting and my low rating is n't so much a reflection on that aspect of the show , but rather reflects my disappointment in certain weaknesses in the plot , and also because there is no warning about the gay kissing scene in the description , which ruined the show for our family . We avoid any sort of excessive romance or kissing -LRB- not just gay -RRB- when watching shows with our young children , and this was really too much to explain to them . It was completely unexpected and inappropriate in a Masterpiece Theatre show . Amazon should mark this program as for `` mature viewers '' or add a `` parental warning '' . Additionally , there are some very nasty characters in the film , such as a higher ranking maidservant who purposely trips a valet with a disability out of spite . So unlike many other films in this genre , think twice before letting smaller children watch . I would never have watched this with my family had I been warned about the content.Now for the rest . There was some very good acting , with a mix of experienced , talented actors and some who are less so . In this first episode we are already seeing a great deal of the characters , and the interaction between a variety of persons with different backgrounds certainly adds interest . Unfortunately , some of the characters are not only mean but downright annoying and unlikeable in any way . Furthermore , the plot focuses a great deal on their evil plots and bad character , and not enough on the good - although at least there was one maid character who so far acts in a virtuous manner , but was n't otherwise likeable enough to really enjoy.I would have also liked some more interesting dialogue and character interplay . The dialogue was rather flat without anything really clever or amusing such as I have come to expect in this genre - the plot depends too much on hatred and spite.I did like that they portray a physically challenged man quite positively , and show the evils of discrimination while also bringing out the dilemmas one can face in trying to be fair towards those with disabilities.If there were more positive characters to enjoy , and if there were n't the unadvertised and gratuitous men kissing scene , I might give this three stars . But it really did n't measure up to my expectations , and in a `` masterpiece theatre '' show , the controversial scene was unexpected and inappropriate and should have been disclosed in the description so we could make an educated decision about watching .
 Season 1 is not filmed in HD , so there is a lot of motion blur . It 's hard to watch at times . You 're better off buying the regular DVD ... which is what I 'm about to do .
 Although not noted by other reviewers , the copy I originally purchased , and the replacement copy had awful sound quality . The sound faded in and out and required constant manipulation by the remote . We finally gave up and used closed captioning . How odd that the quality of this production would be so good visually , and so terrible audibly.Be ready to return your copy if you suffer from the some problems .
 I am a huge Downton fan . I have been streaming the Prime free amazon video of Season 1 . So I bought PBS blu ray Season 2 and watched the free streaming . It is not edited or cut like the show was on PBS . So I break down after trying to read 584 reviews and decide to get Season 1 PBS on blu ray . What garbage ! Judder , ghosting , people racing across screen . Herby jerky movement and colors so awful I think the non HD DVD would be better . Worst blu ray quality I have ever experienced , it is unwatchable . I will continue streaming -LRB- on my third round of watching both seasons -RRB- and return this . Upon further review seems you can order all of Downton as region free blu rays from amazon.uk including the Christmas special for less than $ 45 . So that 's what I am trying next .
 Please , buy Gosford Park instead !!!! I thought this would be as good , but the characters at downton abbey are spoiled and boring . Even the staff are stiff and unsympathetic . I did n't care for one single character , -LRB- unlike larkrise to Candleford where characters are flawed but lovable -RRB- . This idea had so much promise , but I felt the writers lost their way , and even began plagarizing material ; the entire flower show judging story line was stolen from Mrs Miniver , which is also a better movie than this . Two things in this series ' favor ... It does n't stink as much as the new ` Upstairs Downstairs ' , and the price is right .
 the quality of the product is perfect , the use of amazon prime is awesome , I just do n't like the show much . I do n't like mean people that hold ill will against others , even if it is only fiction . I will try to watch a bit more , but for the most part , do n't like it .
 The actual show was good but the feed kept stopping and it took almost 2 hours to watch it , which almost took away from the show itself .
 A previous reviewer called this show an `` upscale Soap Opera , '' and I must say , I agree completely . I am personally not a fan of soap operas , and wished I would have seen that description of the film before watching it . While represented as a typical costume drama -LRB- which normally I adore -RRB- , this definitely is more of a `` period '' soap opera . It is all drama , and the end was extremely disappointing to me . Not all bad , but pretty depressing and somewhat misrepresented in my opinion .
 The homosexual kiss in episode 1 sealed the deal for me . ABSOLUTELY SICK AND SHAME ON YOU PBS !! It 's sad because it could have had a lot of potential for a great drama .
 For some unknown reason I am unable to play these two DVD 's . Apparently the Region Rating is incorrect . I have previously purchased DVD 's from Amazon and have not had this problem before . Hence I will need to return both and hopefully you can send replacements which work in Australia . Am bitterly dissappointed .
 Anyone who has viewed Downton Abbey via Masterpiece Classics will quickly discover many scenes have been cut from the UK verson . So many cuts that one has to ask too many questions that will not be answered . The holes are numerous leaving one dissatisfied and disappointed.The series presented on PBS ' Masterpiece Classics is absolutely outstanding , the full story with no questions left unanswered.I purchased my copies via PBS and promptly returned them for a full refund . The UK version apparently the only one available however , the uncut version can be viewed on the Netflix website . If an uncut version does become available , I will be one of the first to purchased .
 Downton Abbey is addictive . The sets are lush , the acting is wonderful , but the plot and sometimes the dialog have all been done before . It is a pastiche of Upstairs , Downstairs and Mrs. Miniver . I was appalled that an entire subplot was lifted almost word for word from Mrs. Miniver . For Greer Garson substitute Penelope Wilton , for Dame May Whitty substitute Dame Maggie Smith , even the dialog is almost verbatim ! The plot twists are right out of Upstairs Downstairs -LRB- remember Albert the footman ? -RRB- and headlines of the 1970s -- shades of Nelson Rockefeller!Downton Abbey is a like an old Hollywood set -- beautiful facade with absolutely NO substance .
 i loved the series . So after getting it for my BD what a disappointment . It keep jumping from scene to scene or distorting so badly you could not tell whats going on . Please tell me how to check DVD quality without open it . Of cause after opening only half the refund .
 Alas , I was looking forward to this series on my large TV using Apple Tv remote . I can get sound but no picture . Did Amazon forwarn me of this happening ? If so , I did not see it , and this would be my mistake . I feel totally ripped off . I can still watch it on iPad on which I ordered but might go `` blind '' !
 This product had a `` region 2 '' on it which I finally found out meant that it could only be played on DVD machines in Europe . At great frustration and expense I had to return it to England . I still have n't gotten my money back .
 It said Blue Ray . I do n't know what this is but it does not load on my DVD player . I guess everyone assumes that all people know what Blue Ray is . Some do n't and I am disappointed . Will have to try again to get the right thing .
 ***** Spoiler Alert ***** I 'd been sick and decided to watch something online . I love the works of Jane Austen and other period pieces . I was hoping that this would turn out to be a good show . It was very hard to track what was happening during this first episode , as well as the sudden onslaught of men kissing . It did n't even appear to fit into the story . Anyway , I totally wasted an hour of my time .
 1080i/60 , this review is for the blu-ray disc transfer only . the series is a 5 star.What ? I have tried to play this on both sony 470 and Lg 570 on 52 in and 32 in lcd led and both are doing the same thing . I watched this on pbs and did not have the experience i am having with these discs . They are choppy , jumpy , in any movement , even when someone walks downstairs . I do n't know the technical term for it , but the picture is not smooth . flickers in motion . What was england thinking ? why not 1080p/24 ? Maybe I have a bad batch run of both disc 1 and 2 . Anybody else having this problem with this blu-ray . Ready to return . Hurts my eyes . I have tried all settings that I know about for flow motion on tv and player .
 I wanted to give this purchase to my sister as a gift , and I have written Amazon several times to request a refund . No response .
 This show gets excellent reviews from so many people that I thought I 'd give it a try . After 4 excrutiatingly painful episodes I realized the show was not going to get any better . The story lines are weak , there are no twists or unforseen events , it is very predictable . I wish it was 4 hours of my life that I could get back !!
 I 'm not sure what the problem is - other DVD 's play just fine on my PC but Downton Abbey will not load . Very frustrating .
 I was SHOCKED by how much I hated this . I kept waiting for it to get better . I have to say , I typically adore this type of movie/tv and I even paid for it just a few days -LRB- unknowingly -RRB- before it became free and I 'm still mad I paid money for it.While it 's gorgeous and the acting is good and the writing is good , the story is just trope after trope , nothing original in the slightest . But worst of all , none of the characters are likable . I do n't care about them , could not find any redeeming value in them whatsoever . McGovern is slightly likable , and you feel sorry for her , but at the end of it , I was left with the feeling of being robbed . Like , ok , now everything is going to suck even more than it did before and nothing that we just watched matters at all . Why ? Ugh .
 -LRB- This is not a review , but rather a content warning . -RRB- I recently saw on broadcast TV part of a first season episode and thought this mini-series had promise . I reviewed many of the reviews here on amazon , and saw mostly praise , with a few negative reviews based mostly on what did not make it into video versions . So , I bought a copy.However , within the first 30 minutes of the first episode a sodomite `` love '' scene compelled me to stop the player , apologize to my wife and trash season one . Ruined.It 's getting more and more difficult to find modern productions which have not been altered to include sodomite characters and themes . I 'm sorry I wasted my money on this filth .
 I took a chance on buying the dvd from you as i was not sure it would play on the dvd player we have here in australia . it did not but i can watch it perfectly on my computer so no problem there . my daughter had purchased dvds from usa before and they worked perfectly . i took the chance that i could watch the discs on tv but will watch on the computer instead . lovely picture on the computer so am happy i took the chance . whether i will buy anymore i dont know will have to think on that . dont have any problems with the product or service received from amazon . thanking you
 Shifting scenes make it impossible to really ` get into ' this period drama , the editing is obvious and rough leaving you with the sense that you have ` missed something ' . The costumes are lacking in true Edwardian detail , however this is minor compared to the abrupt ending.I enjoyed Gosford Park which was far superior in all respects , the only comparison is the connection between the lives lived upstairs and those downstairs .
 I will admit this is a wonderfully acted series , with beautiful costumes and scenery . However , it is not your typical sweet period piece ! Do not watch this with your children ! Within the first hour or so , two men are kissing ! I 'm sure there was more around the corner , but we turned it off on the spot . I am saddened that over 300 reviewers have given this series such raving reviews , with no mention of any homosexuality . Could someone at least have warned us ? I 'm just glad we saw it on PBS for free , rather than purchasing it . I hope this helps some of you who have had it in your cart like I did , wondering whether or not to buy it . I have since removed it and am back to my Emma , Miss Potter and Sense & Sensibility movies !!
 Wish I had checked that this could be played on my dvd . Ordered it for my mother and she was unable to view it because the region is wrong .
 The Lord and lady of the manor are really , really bad -- not their fault that the author 's depiction of aristocrats circa 1900 is so blatantly unrealistic , but is their fault that they ca n't act . The heads of the estate would be haughty and icy cold . The three daughters would all be spiteful little witches , not just Lady Mary , who actually is quite nice using historical standards . The youngest daughter is so unreal that she could easily slip into a 2010 wealthy household . The below stairs characters come off better , thought the homosexual theme would have been totally buried -- with just a hint of Thomas 's sexual proclivity . Overall , this series is very disappointing , not that I should be surprised . Julian Fellows who wrote the script also wrote Gosford Park , which I found to be second rate . Fellows should stick to acting . All in all this is a very overrated series that sees the past almost totally in terms of the present . Bates would have never been hired and once the war was over his relationship with the lord would have been completely severed . Also , Maggie Smith needs to stop acting . Her performance is meant to be funny , but she comes across as an aging actress grasping at any role she can find -- truly terrible acting .
 I would like to have had a more detailed description of this series . The cast and setting certainly makes one think the story is off to a good start and indeed there might be a great story to be told . However , there was no explanation of the homosexual relations beginning in episode 1 season 1 . I would rather know that some of the entertainment is about sexual themes and then I may choose to avoid it . Which is now my plan .
 Not very happy with this as it arrived one disc short . It 's a 3 disc set but only recieved discs 2 & 3 in a sealed pack . I have n't seen it yet but I 'm told it 's great . `` Not Happy Jan ''
 Just in case anyone is wondering ... DO N'T buy it ! Region 2 means it wo n't play on your DVD player here in the United States !
 It never loaded properlyI was on my Vizio Smart TV with an Amazon featureI was unable to even watch watch one episode of Season 1I am hoping to get them to load and that I am able to enjoy Seasons 1 & 2I will try again and follow up with you !!! Thank you , Darcy Munoz
 The series rules but the amazon player is a total bust , I could n't even watch it . Amazon would n't give me a refund either ! Ended up buying season pass and watching it through iTunes . Should have done that in the first place . So five stars for series , zero stars for amazon player .
 I can not review because I did not pay for the video and asked it be removed from my TV and not be billed . I mistakenly thought it was free as for Prime members . I have watched a few episodes on TV near the end of the third season which I enjoyed .
 The disc would not play . Nothing is wrong with the player . Need to mail it back - do n't have a protective shipper for it - need to buy one then will return it for a credit . Very dissappointed . Had purchased it for my 65th Birthday !!! TO watch with friends .
 This is a review of the blu-ray version In the darker interior scenes the picture was very grainy , something I did not expect would be the case and overall it just did n't have the crystal clear sharpness of other blu-ray dvds I own .
 Let 's get something straight , my pee-peeing fans
 Sylvester Stallone had an alternate title for this sitcom drivel masquerading as a feature film
 Um , is it me , or did I just read two very very high thumbs up for this movie ? I would rather have bamboo splinters rammed up under my fingernails with water dripping onto my forehead for 48 hours while sitting in a tiger cage than to see this movie again.Even Stallone was embarassed when the movie was released . I can recall David Letterman teasing Stallone on national tv for making this film . Stallone did n't even dare to defend the movie.Kids
 By far the most chronic movie Sylvester Stallone has ever made ... and he has n't made that many good ones in the first place !
 In the early 1990s someone made a huge mistake
 I did not receive my dvd within the given time frame , which makes Amazon seems less reliable to me . Even though I did receive the product I wanted , I will never order from this seller again .
 I SWEAR , IF I HAVE TO WATCH JUST ONE MORE CHEESY MOVIE DEVISED AT MAKING A BUCK ON A FAMOUS NAME , I WILL SCREAM ! ESTELL GETTY WAS JUST DOING A REVISAL OF HER GOLDEN GIRLS ROLE , AND SLY STALLONE , JUST DOESNT LOOK FUNNY ENOUGH TO BE BUT SO COMICAL . . NOT TO MENTION , WHEN I SEE HIM , I SEE ROCKY . . SORRY . . AND ROCKY WAS , PUNCHY MAYBE , BUT NOT A COMEDIAN . . I SEE RAMBO TOO . . I LIKE SLY STALLONE 'S BODY OF WORK , IN GENERAL , AND I THINK HE IS CAPABLE OF BEING FUNNY . . I 'VE SEEN HIM ON SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE AND HE WAS HYSTERICAL . . SO I DONT GIVE UP HOPE . . BUT THIS MOVIE ISNT WORTH MORE THAN FIVE BUCKS TOPS . . IF YOU ARE JUST DYING TO SEE STALLONE , GO GET ROCKY AND RELIVE YOUR YOUTH . . OR , GO GET ROCKY v , AND RELIVE YOUR MIDDLE AGE YEARS , OR JUST GET THE NEXT ROCKY MOVIE AND LIVE OUT YOUR GOLDEN YEARS . . BUT WHATEVER YOU DO , DONT SHUCK OUT ANY CASH FOR THIS ONE , IT IS PROBABLY ON CABLE RIGHT NOW .
 I CAn not believe this trash ... `` Heh ... STOP ! Or my mom will shoooot . '' Just because Estelle Getty is famous for the Golden Gertrudes ... haha . . girls ... is that all she can do ... is TRY to be funny ? I 've got a gun ... like my son ... MAKE MY DAY > ... hehe ... How pathetic . And i wish Stallone was shot by his mom ... the worst movie he 's ever done ...
 i remember seeing this movie a long long time ago ... this is quite possibly the worst movie i have ever seen .
 Seriously , Estelle Getty is the only one that brings comic relief throughout the movie . Plus , she knows how to act like a mother no one would ever stand . That 's pretty much it . Getty 's character is the only thing worth watching in this seemingly unwatchable comedy . Stallone fails to be funny here , and the jokes are n't really worth it . The action scenes are n't even that impressive , either , which makes me wonder if the cast and crew even cared . The plot did have many possibilities , but the end result brought the whole thing down to the bottomless pit . Aside from Getty , this movie does n't do much to entertain . I 'd say skip it and watch a better comedy .
 After the colossal flop of `` 0SCAR '' Sly Stallone did n't fare much better in this sophmore efoort `` STOP ! OR MY MOM WILL SHOOT '' Stallone plays a burned out cop who ca n't seem to keep a woman has the burden of putting up with his nosey mother when she makes a surprise visit . Stallone 's testosterone was raging out of control here when he should of added more humor to it , insted of using the usual cliches that comes along with films like this . Estelle Getty from the t.v sereis GOLDEN GIRLS puts in a genuine funny effort and may have saved the film if it had a better script . Sylvester Stallone is n't one for comedy . And if you see this film you 'll know why . ROCKY anyone ?
 I put in the DVD to watch with my kids -LRB- 4 and 7 -RRB- , and before we knew it ... there were these very scary previews of other shows . The worst was the preview for American Gothic . I could n't believe that they would put this preview on a collection that I would consider to be G rated . I could n't fast forward through them either ... do n't know if that is my player or the format . It sort of put a damper on the whole happy vintage tv watching evening .
 Leave It To Beaver is in my top 3 favorite television programs of all time - so I was exited to be able to buy the whole first season in one set.However , and this is a huge however , Universal stuck some highly offensive ads for other television collections and movies on the front.Provocative television programs and Brokeback Mountain with Leave It To Beaver ? Who in this perverted world makes decisions like these?After just receiving it in the mail from Amazon , I put it on for my grandsons to watch . Their dvd player does n't have a remote or a menu option , so I could n't skip the ads . I finally just turned it off.I dearly love Leave It To Beaver , but this set violates the very essence of the show.I do NOT recommend this set .
 Golly Wally ! Why would Universal think this is appropriate ? Last time I checked , the Beaver was not living an alternate lifestyle nor was he a cowboy . Why would Universal think this is good preview for this DVD ?
 The purchase of this Christmas present has been a nightmare . I am based in NZ and was completely unaware that DVD 's had ` zones ' . We have played this DVD on our new Mac lap top over Christmas with disasterous effects . We can no longer play ` NZ ' DVDs on our laptop as it just locks up . While I like the content of the DVD - I would never have purchased this if I knew how incompatible this was with NZ programmes . Was this something that was explained for non - USA purchasers and I missed the warning ? Our system will no longer play any DVD 's which is extremely upsetting as we travel regularly and rely on that system to entertain our kids .
 NO joy knowing I 'm not alone regarding Universal . My quibble is the DVDs are 2-sided , so very easy to scratch especially played on MacBooks.The show 's great , love how a whole story can be completed in 20 minutes.Would have gotten Season II except the whole experience freaked me.Not just with Universal but as much with amazon.I emailed amazon suggesting that as one of the major retailers , amazon should write in to Universal.Sadly , amazon could n't be bothered . Just refused to help.Took me a while to buy DVDs from amazon again.Universal , please stop the double-sided DVD nonsense .
 Though I could view all the episodes , this DVD collection seems to have been pirated !! There are no labels on the DVDs and they are much thicker than other DVDs . I put one in a player -LSB- like those in a vehicle without a tray that slides out -RSB- and it jammed my player . This was in a camper and the entire unit had to be replaced . OUR COST $ 700 !!!! This has never happened to any other DVDs we have . Needless to say , all of the series of LITB will NOT be played on our new one . We only play these in players that have a tray that slides out now .
 I guess you are very lucky if you are able to play these DVDs without problems . We have 2 sets of Universal Studios Home Entertainment/MCA Home Video DVDs and both skip and freeze . We have a good , Sony DVD player and have no problems with any of the many other DVDs we have . I ca n't believe how cheap Universal is . How much would it cost them to produce a decent product ?? I am complaining to the BBB and everyone else I can think of . I hate to see other people waste there money on unusable DVDs . Here is a link to the BBB
 Do n't get this . What the details do n't tell you is that the first disc that contains Little Rascals and Casper is a flipper/double sided disc . Which does n't make sense . Universal has several other sets with four movies , movies which last shorter than the films in this set , but those sets do n't have double sided discs . Shame on you , Universal , for giving us this inferior dvd set . If I had known there was a flipper disc in this set , I would 've just bought the individual dvds of Little Rascals and Casper , and forgotten about Flipper and Leave It To Beaver , which I did n't want in the first place . I only bought this because it was cheaper than the individual dvds of Rascals and Casper . I guess this will teach me to do more research next time .
 I 've wanted these DVDs for a long time now and tonight I was finally about to buy them until I read about the cheap double-sided discs and the inappropriate -LRB- for Leave it to Beaver -RRB- previews.I do n't blame Universal , we all make mistakes . It probably looked good on paper . Hopefully they will correct their mistake and re-release the DVDs as they should be , and at that time I will return and purchase them all .
 I 've been waiting months for this DVD set of the first season of Leave it to Beaver to be released . Now that there is only one week to go I 'm a little apprehensive about buying it so fast . I 've bought other TV series on DVD and was pleased with what I saw . Will the same be true for this set?For one thing , the discs are going to be double-sided . I have never seen this on other series I have bought in the past . Movies , yes but TV series no . I have to wonder if the quality is going to suffer because of it.A bigger question
 I was really disappointed in this package . Some of the episiodes play , some flutter and freeze , and some just wo n't play at all . I hate two-sided dvds and this one is just bad.When they DO play , the picture is really good . -LRB- I never could get the haircut episode to play all the way though , and I tried it on two differents dvd players . -RRB-
 Take one of my favorite shows of all time -LRB- that I 've loved since I was about 5yrs old -RRB- and put it on 3 disks with the worst possible quality video reproduction and you have a monumental disappointment . The first season was probably the best and has almost 40 episodes , however , as soon as I put the disk in all I could focus on was the grainy fuzz that 's like watching a tv with bad reception ; the picture detail is slightly sharper than cable broadcasts , but the overall quality is much worse -LRB- not what I expect from DVD -RRB- . Universal execs and management who released this series should be ashamed to treat customers this way . If you feel this way , show them what you think by returning the DVDs -LRB- say it does n't play properly -RRB- and write Universal .
 The show itself gets 5 stars , but Universal has done a horrible job on this DVD set . I 've had to order replacement discs three times because the discs are invariably scratched and have grubby fingerprints on them , and I have yet to get a set that is free of long scratches and fat , greasy fingerprints . I have n't had any problem with hundreds of other television shows and movies I 've bought , manufactured by Paramount or Sony . Stop cutting corners , Universal . And double-sided DVDs ? Give me a break ! I 'm going to buy other discs from other companies before I even think about buying the subsequent seasons of Leave It to Beaver -- at least until Universal fixes this problem . This sort of stuff is tarnishing their name , and it will affect my purchasing decisions .
 As the title of this review states , the sitcom Leave it to Beaver -LRB- LITB -RRB- is the reason why we 're considering buying this Dvd set . It 's an old show with a long established fan base . The most important reason for this review , in my opinion , is to rate the quality of the Dvd set . I have to say that in comparison to offerings from other studios , the quality of Universal 's Dvd set 's seem to be lacking ; and it 's not just LITB . I 've read reviews of other Universal sets and they have a commonality . Poor to mediocre picture quality , less desirable double sided disks , and lack of extras . Two important reasons to recommend shelling out hard earned cash for an old show that we 've seen a thousand times is superior picture quality and extras that we 've never seen before . It seems most of the glowing reviews of this show and others are based on our affinity for the show and not the quality of the Dvd set . As long as we keep liberally spending our money while getting caught up in childhood nostalgia , what 's the incentive for studios like Universal to do better next time . I purchased season one , but do n't plan on buying any further seasons unless Universal gets serious and does n't just treat LITB as just another cash cow . It seems Beaver and the rest of the Cleavers -LRB- and the fans -RRB- are just victims of a careless studio .
 Leave It to Beaver is a very funny 1950 's American TV show . But the company that has brought this show on DVD , can not seem to get things right . Universal has again released a faulty DVD collection . The double-sided discs are an absolute pain ! If you have shaky hands , or are just clumsy in general , double-sided DVDs are your worst nightmare ! Universal , take a look at Paramount DVD collections . They all are one-sided discs , and all come in their own protective plastic cases ! Universal should do the same!Universal also has a problem with their disc quality . They use cheap discs that often freeze up and need to be taken back to the store . I DO N'T WANT TO GO BACK TO THE STORE ! I WANT TO BUY IT , TAKE IT HOME , AND ENJOY IT WITHOUT ANY DAMN PROBLEMS !!! You guys have to upgrade your DVD line ! Restore the picture and sound so that their is not as much grain ! Make your DVDs one-sided , and let them all have their own protective plastic cases ! No more digi-pak , fold in , fold out , slip in , slip out , stupid cases !!! Come on , Universal . You guys have billions of dollars ! You have the opportunity to make your DVDs spectacular !
 Why does Universal have to own the rights to all the really good stuff ? The Munsters , the classic Monster films of the 30s and 40s , and now Leave it to Beaver . I agree with the previous reviewer -- Double sided discs are a pathetic excuse in this day and age , especially for a show that kids will undoubtedly be loading and unloading from the DVD player themselves . Just look at the recently released Adventures of Superman for an beautfiful example fo how a classic television show from the 50s should be released -- singlesided picture discs , commentaries , bonus features . I have been waiting for Leave it To Beaver on DVD for years and will obviously purchase it -- but with my teeth clenched in frustration over the cheapskates at Universal DVD .
 `` Leave It to Beaver '' is a five star must have purchase package for all the many reasons cited in the above positive reviews . However , corporate greed by MCA Home Video executives entirely overrode all concepts of quality contol . Hey , I know the picture will never be perfect , but DVDs are almost always better than home copied videos . I object to the two sided DVD format ! Disc One froze up right out of the box , even after running it through a DVD cleaner . The very fragile nature of this format practically guarantees future viewings will be worse , even with the most careful handling . Outch !! The good news is that the Amazon replacement service is fast , free , and rates a Five Star . So , order without fear . Maybe your copy will be the one good cop in a bad town .
 I use to like this show , but beaver is so abnoxious how can anyone sit through this show . the kid lies , and repeats his actions in every episode that it leaves one to think why he never learns from his mistakes ... The show is truly dated , and i really enjoy old family sitcoms but the beaver gets on my nerves he is stupid and such a baby , and always feels sorry for himself ... For devoted fans of this show only ... i know people are going to rate my review as unhelpful due to stating the truth ... I just do n't find this show charming at all.I learned from my mistakes , apparently beaver doesnt ...
 I Hate this show ! It 's so boring ! Every time I turn on the TV and go to the TVland channel and Leave it to Beaver is on I cringe . It 's the same old boring thing . Beaver does something stupid , his patents get mad his father yells at him and gives him a long lecture and Beaver says he has learned his lesson and will never do it again but the next episode he obviusly has n't learned from is past mistakes because he is doing something stupid and goofy again !
 Yes , this is a very sleazy WIP from Italian exploitation master Vincent Dawn , but do n't record over your bootlegs just yet . Hopefully WPM will someday be released by Shriek Show or Blue Underground , because this DVD is cut to hell . A quick flashback near the end of the film even contains scenes that were trimmed from the source print . We should n't still have to put up with this crap in 2005 ! An exploitation movie without the exploitation is like porno without the penetration .
 Just finished watching this movie and all i got to say is that i see a lot more violence on a saturday morning cartoon show . the movie is so badly edited i could n't follow the story the film transfer is crappy , all the blood and guts are cut from the movie , everytime there is an action scene there 's this big jump in the film and sound . it was almost like watching an r-rated movie on primetime television . the worst part about it all is that this movie looks entertaining but because they cut everything out you ca n't tell . whoever is responsible should go to jail .
 I actually rented this little sleaze wonder along time ago . I was wondering when Shriek Show or Blue Underground would release this title in it its original form ? Imagine my surprise when I found this gem at a DVD store . AND it 's letterboxed , too ! The way the package was marketed , it seemed to me this film was the uncut version ! WRONG ! What a rip-off ! The DVD presentation is letterboxed , has a scratchy print , and is more incomplete than the Vestron video version . Oh well , the trailers the DVD offers give a very clear reason why the B movie is in such a sad state.Keep the Vestron Video version .
 This movie is the sequel to caged woman but not as good . For a movie like this you would expect a reasonable amount of nudity etc.You will be disappointed like I was . Some nice looking Italian women , but alas only a couple of scenes where they get naked.approx 2 minutes . The story line . Male prisoners escape and take over the womans prison .
 Mediocre and slow moving . The filmmakers luck briefly into a couple of good scenes - well , they 're too short to be called scenes , let 's say a couple of good shots . And there 's one good actor who pretty much steals the show whenever he 's on camera . Sadly , I did n't catch his name , though from later reading I think it may have been Gabriele Tinti .
 No one could ever say that '' Womens Prison Massacre was a good film , but you have got ta hand it to the publicity boys . It seems obvious that the guys who designed the cover had never seen the movie . Made on a budget that would nt cover the cost of making a 2 minute TV comercial this film was just a complete bore . No graphic violence to speak of and the nudity , often the backbone of this kind of film , was also non existance . It could have been , should have been , and would have been a decent film if it had been handed to someone who knew what they were doing but I am afraid `` Womens Prison Massacre '' would even leave the `` Raincoat Brigade '' dozing in their seats .
 I give this a thumbs down -- > if this were a school grade it would receive an F in all catagories . I would give it no stars ; however , it would not permit a continuation without a star rating
 This particular `` Alice '' has a long history . It started as a hit play in the early '40s , was resurrected in the late '70s with Kate Burton in the title role , and then ported to Great Performances on PBS - the latter of which is what we have here on DVD . Presumably it worked a little better on stage , and probably a little better in the '40s , too . Sadly , it runs through both `` Alice '' stories in a breakneck 90 minutes ' time , and much of the acting is truly lamentable - some of the actors are so bad , I actually thought that might be an intentional joke , as with Austin Pendleton 's monotonistic White Rabbit ! Probably the best of them are Donald O'Connor - the only one of the lot who can actually sing ! - as the Mock Turtle , Geoffrey Holder as the Cheshire Cat , and Richard Burton as the White Knight . The tea party crew is fairly good as well . The rest ... well , the sooner forgotten about , the better.Despite the acting , the sets and costumes are gorgeous - they 're mostly made -LRB- with the exception of the Cat -RRB- to look like Tenniel woodcuts . That makes it quite a visual treat , if nothing else . This is n't the worst `` Alice '' I 've seen , but it 's not very high on my list . Still , it has enough good points it 's probably worth a rental on a rainy week ... just do n't expect anything too incredible .
 First I got the 6 78 RPM disc set back about 1948 of the 1947 RCA cast recording of the original LaGallienne production . I cherished the album for many years and finally was able to get it transferred from 78 RPM discs to a CD . In the summer of 2012 I discovered a British firm specializing in musicals had remastered the original and issued it on CD . This is available on amazon.In an earlier review of this DVD , another friend of Alice writes
 Rocky V . Why ? This film does n't even have a fight in the ring or training scenes . And the actors seemed tired and bothered in this film . No sincere performances from anyone and Stallone failed to deliver the goods in this one . Stick to the first 3 if you want a good Rocky movie .
 Not only was this the worst Rocky of all times , but just might be the worst movie of all times ! I believe this is where Stallone was having his midlife crisis and could not possibly think straight !! This movie had flaws all over it ! 1st off , Rocky 4got how to talk ! Then when Rocky got off the plane -LRB- from Russia -RRB- , his son had aged about 5 years ! How long did Rocky stay in Russia ? Also Adrian would have had to sign the Power of Attorney papers ! Rocky would also have consoled in his wife b4 allowing Paulie to control his finances for sure ! The brain damage was stupid being a heroic/fictional movie to begin with ! There was no Rocky themes ! The old school hip hop music in a Rocky movie does not work ! The movie ending with Rocky not a champ nor having any money was so unispirational it 's pathetic ! That 's what Rocky movies were all about ! Inpiration ! And there was none!Even Stallone himself said he was didssappointed with Rocky 5 -LRB- now that his midlife crisis is over -RRB- ! Thank God Rocky 6 is coming out so this saga can be rejuvinated !
 Easily the worst of the Rocky movies . Only got it cause I needed to fill the space on my shelf between IV and Balboa .
 this movie is only good for like 10 minutes . when he street fights at the end . the rest of it is boring . i think they should have stoped at 4 . i heard they are think of doing a rocky 6 where is works in youth center . i think its time to hang up the gloves on these movies . let 1-4 be classic and not make any more
 A bum and a country bumpkin . Definitely not worth watching ! This was just flat out bad acting.The movie picks up where it left off in 4 , in Russia . Was n't little Rocky a chubby 7-yr-old redhead in IV ? Anyway , Rocky comes back to America and was greeted by little Rocky , who was all of a sudden 12 and had black hair.I am a huge fan of 1-4 , but 5 does n't deliver .
 This was the worst Rocky movie of the whole series . The plot was really stupid . They should have stopped at IV .
 This one takes the ultimate fall from the silly tree and hits every branch . The only thing I liked about this was the return to the familiar Philadelphia inner-city setting . This film was shot on the same location as the exellent ROCKY I and its as if they are trodding on sacred ground . The sequels of II , III , and IV were at least watchable and entertaining with II being the best of the sequels , but this one is not worth the time . There is an interesting sequence as the ending credits roll and the Elton John song `` Measure of a Man '' plays on the soundtrack -LRB- we are treated to a series of B&W photos of all 5 films in a chronological order -RRB- while assuring us that this is , indeed , THE END .
 Heck , the Director said it stunk and he is the same director that directed the original Rocky . John Alvidsen said he was not interested in doing Rocky V , but then he was told by Rocky that in it , Rocky would die . So Alvidsen felt an obligation to do it , since he gave birth to the series . HOWEVER , the studio informed Sly and Alvidsen that Rocky could not die . Without that major development , the movie was doomed . There is very little boxing in this movie and it just might be Sly 's worst performance ever . This series seemed to follow a regressive pattern . The first one was great and then everyone after that would decline a little more . The decline between I and V is as glaring as a Clubber Lang stare .
 I have waited for the holiday to come to watch the Rocky V with my son . Therefore , it was n't until yesterday I opened up the DVD box to watch it . Then I found out it was wrong movie . Something like `` The Witches '' and `` The never ending story '' were in the box . It was quite ironic . I hope this was just accidental wrapping mistake .
 Well-intentioned yet hopelessly contrived , `` Rocky V '' -LRB- 1990 -RRB- earns a few points by avoiding the comic-book slickness of `` Rocky IV . '' Unfortunately , Sylvester Stallone does a poor job establishing the Italian Stallion 's bittersweet decline . The climactic street brawl works , but the family-oriented narrative goes in too many directions . At least `` Rocky V '' paved the way for a triumphant finale with `` Rocky Balboa . ''
 First off I am a huge fan of the Rocky series but can not find any reason to like this movie despite several attempts at watching it . The basic story is that while Rocky is away , bringing down communism , his corrupt accountant has squandered all of Rocky 's fortune . He was able to do this because Paully convinced Rocky to sign a power of attorney.Rocky is unable to continue fighting because he has developed brain trauma . He is also unable to do commercials because people have been looking into his past affiliation with low level mob figures.Rocky returns to the Mickey 's Gym which is now owned in his son 's name . There a young hopeful boxer , Tommy Gunn , gets Rocky to be his manager . Rocky starts devoting his energies to train Tommy and also continue fighting vicariously through him . During all this Rocky has been neglecting his own son and is being taunted by a shameless promoter known as the Duke -LRB- striking resemblance to Don King -RRB- . It all plays out in the end with Rocky fighting his new protege and regaining the love and trust of his son.This would n't have been too bad of a storyline but it has way too many holes . How long was Rocky in Russia for ? His son ages around 10 years while he is gone . I would feel a little distant from my dad too . Rocky was always a bit punchy but when would he have ever listened to Paully for financial advice . He most certainly would have deferred to Adrian on this . Secondly the accountant would have needed Adrian 's signature on everything . Adrian would have certainly started a college fund and trust for her son that no power of attorney would have been able to touch . Americans love Rocky and would have rallied around him no matter his past . Even Mike Tyson still draws interest and Rocky is a saint compared to him.How can Rocky lose his house to back taxes ? He would have easily been able to raise the funds from selling the gym and Paully 's house . Why is every good fighter white and every bad fighter black ? Certainly there would have been considerable residuals from previous marketing campaigns Rocky did , remember all the merchandise and commercials from Rocky III?This movie just does not work for me . It was reported that Rocky II was written in 30 hours . I think this was written in 30 minutes . I had the entire Rocky set given to me as a gift . I sold this copy at the used movie store , still sealed , for $ 2 and felt I was more than fairly treated .
 As a Rocky aficionado , this movie disappoints me in so many ways . It nearly tarnishes the Rocky legacy , and should simply never have been made . If it were n't for the fact that Rocky I-IV are so stupendous -LRB- with Rocky IV being simply one of the best action movies of all time -RRB- , this could have really hurt Sylvester Stallone 's career.Rocky IV left us with the champ just getting through the fight of his life against Russian behemoth with hammers for fists and enough chemical enhancements to drop a horse . Not only that , but Rocky was taking on a cold-war powerhouse , an entire country , and communism as a whole . He was crazy-busy . It 's a good thing he signed over power of attorney to Paulie for all those pesky multi-million dollar financial details.Meanwhile , Adrian never double-checked the finances on her gravy train - because she was too busy harping at Rocky - and lets Paulie squander the Balboa fortune faster than MC Hammer could have . Soon Rocky has moved back into the slums of Philly , ca n't fight because of a brain tumor - which is not shocking at all considering his fighting style , and has been relegated to training an up-and-coming boxer named Tommy Gunn -LRB- Tommy Morrisson -RRB- in Mickey 's old gym . During the training , Rocky treats Tommy like a surrogate son while neglecting his own son . Speaking of his son , this is one of my biggest problems with Rocky V.In Rocky IV he was like six years old , a believer in Santa and the Easter Bunny , but just a few days later in Rocky V he 's damn-near growing a mustache . Either there is a huge plot hole , or the kid 's part werewolf.Exactly how long was Rocky in Russia?Much like her son , Adrian -LRB- Talia Shire -RRB- is also a horrible character . She once again seems to hate the fact that Rocky is a boxer , telling him that he ca n't win , that he 's washed up , that he 's going to die - just like she has done in seemingly every previous Rocky movie . She sure does n't seem to be bothered by the furs , the fancy cars , the means to buy someone a robot , the jewelry , her ginormous house , or her plastic surgery throughout the years.She 's yet again the Jar Jar Binks from Star Wars , the Zander Barcalow from Starship Troopers - the character who does n't help the movie 's plot , and creates forced sexual drama or a love triangle where it is not needed or wanted . In fact , I think we can all blame Adrian 's character for creating the `` pointless love interest in an otherwise great sports movie '' - niche . She essentially caused Barbara Hershey in Hoosiers , Susan Sarandon in Bull Durham , and Barbara Hershey in The Natural.Anyway , the story comes full circle as Rocky learns that what matters most is family and friends as he meets up with his easily influenced prot&eacute;g&eacute; in a knock-down , drag-out street brawl finale . Lesson learned , he walks away without a belt , but he 's still the champ .
 Okay , where to start ... In my Rocky collection -LRB- I did n't bother to buy the 5-disc set -RRB- I have 1 -LRB- of course -RRB- 4 and ... that 's it . Anyone who says that the first Rocky was inferior to any of its sequels is cracked . You ca n't touch it . In part 1 , Stallone WAS Rocky . In the sequels , Rocky was just a character he played , each one being worse as they progressed . Rocky in the original movie was a very charming character in his own `` dumb '' way , even when he was breaking guys ' thumbs . You were able to sympathize with him and his struggles . A truly genuine performance by Stallone . In part 2 , Stallone tries to re-capture this character but comes up short . He does more `` acting '' than `` being '' . The movie also moves way to quickly as it is jam-packed with too much story . Part 3 . C'mon Stallone . Mickey should 've died in part 2 and be out of his misery by this point . I bought 4 , not because of its `` superior '' acting , -LRB- scoff -RRB- or its believeability , -LRB- ha ! -RRB- but because of the Rocky sequels I think it 's the only one that holds my attention ... Only if I skip through the boring parts . Okay , part 5 . First , did ` ja ever notice as the Rocky 's progressed , Rocky got a little less `` dumb '' ? He must have been cured buy money , because now that he has returned to being broke , all of a sudden he 's dumb again . Maybe it 's the brain damage , maybe it 's an attempt to re-capture his character . Either way it does n't work . Of the few things I did like was Rocky 's conversation with Mickey , which I found particularly touching . This should have been his only appearance . The one at the end was embarassing . Tommy Gunn . Annoying . ` Nuff said . `` The Duke '' , just as bad . Rocky 's son , -LRB- in real life as well -RRB- should be given an Oscar for the movie 's only believeable character , and then be shot for being a little **** . No wait , Talia Shire does a good job , but should have shot herself for even thinking of being in this movie . I guess it was either that or McDonalds . Would you like fries with that ? And now the rumors are true ... Rocky 6 . Stallone , you 're in my cross hairs .
 This final ? entry in the Rocky series is yet another further decline from the Oscar winning first entry in the series . Rocky is retired and Mick and Apollo are both dead . Tommy Gunn , a real life pro boxer becomes the new face of boxing and Rocky is passe . The appearance of Don King in this film makes me wonder if the real life boxing industry was going after the Rocky series for some reason . Not worth seeing unless you were really moved like myself by the first film . Rocky and Tommy Gunn duke it out in a street fight .
 I just do n't know why they bothered to produce this 5th and final Rocky movie . Rocky had it fine in the 4th . Money , fame , being somebody of high class , and in this one , they turn him back down to the virtual bum he was in the first one ! And yet in this one , he is n't even the fighter , how stupid ! I 'm surprised they did n't just call it ` Tommy ' . Afterall , Tommy Gunn is the star here . And what was really dumb was that not even in the end did they show him getting back on his feet financially . They just leave everybody clueless as to what happened to his finances . Did he get his financial problem worked out ? Is he still the victim of Pauly 's stupid mistake ? Rocky 's goal AND Adrian 's goal was for him to get a nice place , money , ect . Other than being champion , that was the whole other goal.And in that street fight at the end , it was n't even announced if he 'd get any money for that fight with Tommy . This movie just leaves you high and dry and to what happenes to him financially and just seeing him lose everything like that was depressing!I rest my case .
 Rocky 's returned from Russia -LRB- Rocky IV -RRB- , with permanent brain damage curtailing his boxing career . But his comfortable retirement is likewise cut short when the accountant Paulie hired absconds with all their money , and they have to move back to the old neighborhood . A slick fight promoter nags him to return to the ring , and he resists , but sees a way to recover some of his glory when a young boxer asks Rocky to train him.Rocky gets so caught up in the training that he neglects his family , and his son gets in trouble , and then everything is solved by a quick father/son chat and a fistfight outside a bar.Mostly , it was boring . The beginning of the movie was just flashback after flashback of the previous movies , interspersed with repeated nagging from the promoter and incessant reminders that if he fights , he 'll die . Adrian was her usual annoying , whiny self , and Paulie was more useless than ever . The son -LRB- who was several years older than he was in the previous movie -- presumably because he 's played by Sage Stallone -RRB- was unrealistic.There was quite a lot of unrealized potential in the movie . If some of those interminable flashbacks from the first half and training montages from the second had been cut , there might have been time to develop a more realistic conflict resolution with the son , and a more meaningful climax to the movie than a fistfight.Yes , I know , the fighting is a big part of the series , but it 's pointless without a meaningful context . I do n't think it 's just a girly reaction on my part , because my 3 guys did n't like it either .
 It 's just about Rocky retiring from boxing and he helps his son become a streetfighter to protect himself from bullies at school . What 's interesting about this movie is that Sylvestor Stallone 's son Sage Stallone appears in this and the character he plays is Rocky 's son also . Rocky also helps this guy fights but this movie does n't get exciting till the end . It 's still a good movie just not exciting as the others . I think Rocky IV is the best of the series and also has a good soundtrack to workout with .
 I 'm a Rocky see . I just do n't know when to call it quits . Got nothing better to do . Hey there really is a white boy boxer , I 'll train him . Do n't worry about the ending here folks . Me and Tommy will be back . I 'm gon na train him to fight Chewbacca in Star Wars Episode II , which will really be Rocky VI , which some will mistake as Rambo IV . But between you and me , it 'll really , really be Cobra II . C'mon gim me a break , see my movie , I never could act and Planet Hollywood 's going under . Help a brother .
 If you never watched any Rocky movies , I suggest you watch them.Keep in mind , you can very much get away with skipping this one.You are probably best off watching Rocky 1 thru 4 and then Rocky Balboa in order to maintain any reedeeming qualities that this series may have.Rocky 5 brings to our attention -LRB- with mostly sub-par acting -RRB- the corruptness that is involved in boxing . Mostof us were already aware of this . Rocky 5 also tries to tell us of a story of family sticking together through rough times . It 's a noble story but again done with sub-par acting.For die-hard Rocky fans , you may as well own this one just to complete the collection . But unlike the other Rocky movies , do n't watch it for any other reason but just for the hell of it because you 're bored and looking to kill an hour an a half of time.Even Sly Stallone admits that he 's a little embarrassed by Rocky 5 , and is one of the reasons why he wrote Rocky Balboa . And he definitely did a great job at reedeeming this story and character with Rocky Balboa
 This movie did n't suck but it was n't a great movie either . The main thing that hurt it was the street fight . When people went to see the Rocky movies , they expected to see prizefights . Not a street fight . At the beginning of each Rocky movie -LRB- except for the first and sixth one -RRB- it showed the ending of the fight he had in the previous movie . Why was n't the ending of the street fight shown in Rocky Balboa ? It was obviously not shown because the street fight was pathetic.Another thing that hurt this movie was that Rocky lost all of his money . Many fans hated this . This movie is worth watching but it is obviously the worst of the six Rocky movies .
 I own the older box set with the first 5 Rocky films included in it . I wanted to write reviews for the individual films . This review is for the film and the older release DVD.I have to give Stallone credit for trying to go somewhere new with the series , but this film just has too many clich&eacute;s to keep it from being very good . Stallone 's real life son is a terrible actor and is one of the reasons this film is the worst in the series . Overall the formula keeps you watching and the film is entertaining if you do n't think about it too long.The DVD transfer on my edition is OK , but there is room for improvement . *** ADDED NOTE *** The worst film in this series is kind of unclear , as part 's 4 or 5 could be viewed as the worst installment . While both films are entertaining , they are the least in the Rocky franchise . This point was brought to my attention by an Amazon buddy!Thank You Stan !
 Commonly know as the worst of the Rocky movies -LRB- a statement I do n't disagree with -RRB- , ROCKY V shows Rocky broke , brain damaged , and right back to where he started , just another bum around the neighborhood.One thing that is notable about the film is this is the only ROCKY movie that is rated PG-13 . All the others are PG . There are two sections involving nudity . The first instant is we get a really gratitious shot of Stallone standing naked in the shower , and unfortunately we see his ass -LRB- who needs to see that ??? -RRB- . The second instance is a naked picture that Rocky 's boy draws of a French lady with extremely large -LRB- so large they 're a lot more scary than they are sexy -RRB- breasts.On coming back from Russia after his fight with Russian opponent Drago , a boxing promoter -LRB- clearly modeled after real life promoter Don King , of Mike Tyson fame -RRB- tries to set up a fight between Rocky and his own fighter . Rocky , however , declines , as he is having health issues . He goes to see the doctor with Adrian , and it is disclosed he has brain damage.Rocky and Adrian go back to their mansion , but due to financial indiscretion of Paulie , who gave power of attorney to Rocky 's accountant , they lose everything , and are forced to go back to the streets of Philly with their son -LRB- played by Stallone 's real life son Sage Stallone -RRB- . Their son is having a hard time adjusting , and Rocky makes a big deal out of keeping the relationship with his son alive and well.Along the way , Rocky meets a fighter named Tommy Gunn , played by real-life boxer Tommy Morrison . He starts training him , and Tommy gets a few victories . However , Tommy is not happy as he is not getting any money , so the boxing promoter moves in and essentially buys Tommy out . The boxing promoter 's sole agenda is to get Rocky back in the ring , and tries using Tommy against Rocky . By this time Rocky 's son is mad because he thinks Rocky has n't paid him any attention . Rocky renews his relationship with his son.Tommy Gunn shows up at a local bar , wanting to fight Rocky in the ring and Rocky declining . Ultimately , the movie 's climax fight is actually a street brawl , and a rather bad street brawl out that.As far as its relationship to the other films , this is the most disappointing of them all . You watch Rocky in the first four films as he becomes successful and a great boxer . Then ROCKY V has Rocky lose everything he has gained in the first four films , and he 's right back to where he started - out on the streets , broke . This plotline totally invalidates the spirit of the first four ROCKY films . Now , it 's understandable people lose their property thru bad financial decisions , etc , but it 's absolutely heartbreaking to see Rocky thrust back to the very place he had risen above . Almost makes you wonder why the hell you went thru the other four films if Rocky starts out just where he began at.As far as the power of attorney bit , Rocky in the first four films is pretty street-smart when it comes to money , and would n't legally Rocky or Adrian have to sign off on those forms and not just Paulie ? Though people may think the accountant was corrupt , he was actually trying not to steal their money but double it in a deal that ultimately fell through , but that 's neither here nor there . Still , I find it hard to believe Rocky would n't have more control over his finances than that , though people with a lot of wealth due need financial assistance -LRB- just look at Willie Nelson who had IRS troubles because his accountants did n't pay his taxes for years at a time -RRB- . One thing I will say positive about the film is Rocky 's attitude toward the boxing promoter . He warns Tommy Gunn not to take up with the promoter , because the promoter is corrupt and cares only about making money , not about him as a person . Given Rocky 's career as a boxer , I think Stallone could have incorporated this plotline into a very good Rocky movie . Unfortunately , this ai n't it.Another rather controversial move on Stallone 's part was to do a street-fight at the end . While there 's nothing wrong with a street-fight , given the climax of the last four films were all ring fights , still it is very disappointing to see Rocky not in the ring . It deviates too far from the format for a large proportion of the Rocky fanbase.Ironically enough , while it is the worst entry in the franchise , for my money it has the single best line in the entire series . It 's when he is having his flashbacks with Mickey , and Mickey yells `` Get up , you son of a bitch , cause Mickey loves ya ! '' Favorite line out of all six films without a doubt . It perfectly defines Mickey 's character , and is a very fun quote to pull out from time to time.One good thing about ROCKY V , though , is it 's the real reason why we got ROCKY BALBOA , which is a great way to end the series . Stallone acknowledges V as the worst , and says it did n't end the series on an emotional high note , and he did n't want to leave Rocky like that . Thank God , because ROCKY BALBOA is so much better than V , and a great way to end the series . Strangely enough he dropped the brain damage story in BALBOA . Stallone said the brain damage in ROCKY V , while present , was not as extensive as the doctors ' thought . He did not go for a second opinion , and deferred to his wife to quit fighting . However , as the years passed he would be given a clean bill of health.While it is the worst Rocky movie , it 's still entertaining . The other five films are much better , but this one is still a somewhat enjoyable film . Just do n't go in expecting much .
 I loved Rocky 1 , but why ruin a classic . I think fans of rocky were pleased with just 1 movie . In my mind producers should have known not to make even a second one let alone 4 more.And another thing , I always imagend Rocky being not wealthy , in this movie he has a `` robot made '' . I do n't know about you , but I really did not like this movie . I just hope they do n't make a 6th one !
 Rocky V is a total disaster - a train wreck of the highest order . This movie is an embarrassment to the rest of the series.Oh to have been a fly on the wall during the pitch to a studio executive
 I have to give it up for Rocky V. It 's one of the best bad movies ever made.The original Rocky was a likeable enough film , inspired by a real nobody who went the distance with Ali and lived to tell about it.After the success of Rocky , Stallone got real moviemaking power and went to work building one of the more lucrative and shameless franchises in Hollywood history . Every button was pushed , every last drop was milked from the formula , and then some.While Rocky would have died after Rocky II -LRB- if not after the original beating -RRB- , he somehow lived to survive the train wreck beating of Rocky IV , where ` the Russian ' -LRB- played by a Swede -RRB- pounds Rocky into hamburger and still loses.Rocky V picks up right after Rocky IV . The Rock has brain damage -LRB- finally -RRB- , and before you know it , he 's broke and moves back to his old South Philly neighborhood with wife Adrian , his young son , and professional waste of life Paulie , who gave Rocky 's millions to a shady accountant.The result is a work of genius . Not only is it bad , but it 's entirely watchable . Stallone has that unique ability to disregard his own absurdity and take it to the next level . It 's something that Steven Seagal , for example , tried to do , with some success . Rocky was his creation , so it 's entirely understandable that he would do his best to destroy that creation , and then some , all the while believing he was making a quality film . While he once claimed that Rocky IV was the final Rocky film , he is now obsessed with making Rocky VI.As well he should . Rocky V has our meathead hero training a new kid , played by Tommy the Duke Morrison . Eventually , the Duke , or the Gunn , whatever his name is , is tempted by a shady promoter who is obviously Don King , and Rocky then has to play the role of Micky and Apollo , his previous mentors . Oddly enough , the director is John G. Avildsen , who made the original Rocky film before Stallone 's ego hijacked the franchise for years.There are plenty of cliches , plenty of brain-damanged wisdom , plenty of shameless flashbacks -LRB- so we can work in Micky and Duke , though Apollo had more shame than to appear , it seems -RRB- and of course , another end-bout , this one in the street as Rocky takes another beating but still manages to win , his brain now reduced to a brittled peanut , his body somehow still in one piece.The Rocky sequels have all been ridiculous ego trips for Stallone , but they 've all been shamelessly entertaining , if completely , insanely unrealistic . Rocky , remember , never learned how to block , and his head appears to be made of iron , literally . Stallone has made a science out of making moronic , violent films.I ca n't commend Stallone enough for this one . I do n't see where else the series can go . Perhaps Rocky can return for one more movie , now bound to a wheelchair , drooling as he imagines what might have happened had he lost to Apollo , Mr T , or Drago , who all have ripe cameo potential .
 Forget the other `` Rocky '' films that came before this one . This movie is simply horrible . I am a huge `` Rocky '' fan , but this sequel attempts to reach and it reaches too far . It 's obvious that the script intended for Rocky to end-up a street-fighter , which is in no way in character with Rocky in any of the previous films . Not to compare it with the other films , but you have to know where Rocky is coming from , and it 's not from the street-fighting realm . He 's a trained , yet sloppy , loser-fighter in the clubs of Philadelphia of the mid-1970 's . If he ever fought in the streets , there 's never any indication that he did so before . That 's how this film reaches by rewriting the Rocky character , which is just not acceptable after four films have already been made about his life . Rocky is a fascinating Everyman , but a dirty , low-class , blood-thirsty street-fighter he is not . The film tries to make him seem glorious for returning to his roots after overcoming them , which is what makes the Rocky saga so amazing in the first place . Rocky V is based on a totally different character which is not Rocky Balboa , but a cheap imposter . Save your money and just be concerned with Rocky 's I thru IV . And , be leary of Stallone 's future sixth installment of the `` Rocky '' series ... it ca n't possibly recover from this disaster ! -LRB- Although , I 'd like to be proven wrong . -RRB-
 DUE T0 BAD BUSINESS DECISIONS BY PAULIE , WHO 'S ADRIAN 'S BROTHER , ROCKY ENDS UP BROKE AND HAVING TO MOVE BACK TO HIS OLD NEIGHBORHOOD . MEANWHILE , ROCKY TRAINS A YOUNG FIGHTER . THE CAST DOES THE BEST THEY CAN , BUT , UNFORTUNATELY , THIS IS THE WORST MOVIE OF THE SERIES . THE ONLY THING THAT 'S REALLY WORTH SEEING IS THE STREET FIGHT AT THE END . OTHERWISE , THIS IS JUST A BORING MOVIE . TAKE MY ADVISE , THIS SERIES IS DEAD . THERE 'S REALLY NOTHING LEFT TO DO WITH THESE MOVIES .
 This film has stained the Rocky name and brought our hero down to his knees in shame.In this movie , Rocky Balboa has suffered brain damage at the hands of Ivan Drago in IV , and is forced to retire from the ring.Just when the Italian Stallion is forced to give up his dream , along comes Tommy Gunn , an oafish , yet deadly fighter that Rocky agrees to train.Shunting his wife and son aside to train Tommy , a corrupted fight promoter takes over Tommy 's fighting schedule and convinces Tommy that he will never be recognized if he does n't defeat Rocky.It all leads to a blowout in some street as rocky and Tommy each throw punches and decide who is the real champ.The storyline was awful , Rocky was not the fighter he used to be , and the fight did not take place in the ring.Don ' t buy this film .
 Overall it was okay , SLY tried to end it well , but Rocky VI was alot better ending of the saga ... But every single Rocky 1-6 Rocked ...
 This Movie is really bad . I watched it once and just about threw up . The way Rocky changes from a sophisticated person to a bum like the first movie is stupid . I didnt think money made people talk different and all of a sudden have an education . The only time I would watch this movie is never .
 What a horrible movie . Come on , this really puts Rocky in a bad light . Even Stallone looks bored in this one.Stick with the origninal Rocky
 The first in the series of these films was a cinematic blockbuster ; but unfortunately , it was all downhill after that . This film is undoubtedly the worst of the set in all aspects . A poor screenplay along with atrocious acting debuts from sportswriters and television personalities from the local Philadelphia area would make just about anyone request a refund for this video . I find it hard to believe that a Rocky VI is actually in production right now !
 The main characters are always at odds and one of them is so melodramatic that you kind of wish he would die somehow . Alas , he does not and instead spends the movie complaining about everything around him . This was supposed to have a love story but the focus was n't there .
 The dazzling city of Barcelona is wasted on this cinematic geegaw with a microscopic plot and silly dialogue . What little substance there is revolves around two twentysomething cousins who pursue romantic free-and-easies around the city , one taking the pursuits in stride while the other suffers supposed religious qualms , Bible in hand , while dancing to Glenn Miller tunes . The picture 's saving grace is the backdrop of the Catalonian cityscape , lovingly photographed and at once taken in both broadly and in small detail by the camera . But this considerable virtue is offset by an hour and a half of stock characters who , but for occasional sweet moments of language misunderstanding and girlish loveliness , have little to nothing to tell us about human nature . If you rent it -- do n't buy -- for the scenery of the first half hour , and then skip the rest , you 'll have gotten your money 's worth .
 I never knew a movie could be as painful as this one . The characters were spoiled and vapid . The only purpose of their inane dialogue in the first half of the movie -LRB- which only consisted of `` Do you ever wonder if ... ? -RRB- was to set up the pathetic punch lines at the end of the film when everything they wondered happens to be true . These character if they were real are the type of substanceless self-centered jerks that would incite a pacifist to violence . Save your money . If you must see it , rent it . Or better yet , wait for the network premier .
 The same people who created the `` No Man 's Land '' trailer must have created the trailer for `` Barcelona '' ... making both look like they are filled with light-hearted fun when in actuality they are not . And I fell for it.But while `` No Man 's Land '' has fleshed-out characters , comedic moments , and a message , `` Barcelona '' was filled with cardboard characters who every 50 minutes manage say something semi-witty . I kept waiting for it to get better but it was so painfully boring . I am thanking the gods that I did not purchase this movie and only rented it.How the Boston Globe , Phila . Inquirer , and S&E give this movie `` thumbs up '' is beyond me ...
 I saw this movie when it was released . As a person born and raised in Barcelona , I think it is a a very inaccurate portrayal of my city and its society . Like most commercial US films , it provides a romatized and false view of society . In some parts , the film looks like a tourist brochure of the latter Francoist years
 totallly clueless and unfocused . aimless and purposeless script . wasted lot of talented actors . going-nowhere directing . bar-hoppings , disco dancings , bedrooms with boring naked backs , endless blahblahblah small talks . . . , trying very hard to be a decent movie is that nato navy officer , does not look like an navy officer a bit but an annoying , whinning , eye-sore , always talking , never grown up , too much opinioned nuisance . the person who played this role is a total failure . do n't think this a comedy or whatever it should be or would be .
 Or even psychologically daunting , the fifty cent flour sacks from the strangers were better at scaring me than grannies lace doily.The acting in the film was not to blame for the dismal failure of this film , the blame for that lies with the costuming , the director and most of all the screenwriter.The film is not the worst out their but given the choice again of watching this film or sponge bathing seniors at the old people 's home , I will head on over to the home without a doubt .
 There are certain practices in the long tradition of Chinese cinema that have been used by the most talented Chinese film makers and the least talented . Such as moments of staring up into the sky after a dramatic announcement , showy martial arts maneuvers , revenging a master , and trying to shove a whole life story into the first twenty minutes of the film , to explain character motivation . Sometimes these practices are pulled off well , heightening the experience of the film . In the hands of others , however , these tricks of the trade become the most painful of cinematic tortures . Forty-five minutes into the film My Kingdom , I decided it was clearly torture.The story centers around two boys living in early 20th century China . Gaun Yi Long , played by Wu Chun , and Meng Er-kui , played by Han Geng . Yi Long is an opera student who begs his master to save Er-kui , after he hears him sing at the execution of his family . Er-kui is being executed with his family as a punishment for something his father was accused of , but of course , is innocent of . A few years later , I assume , the boys witness an arrogant opera master , Master Yue played by Yu Rongguang , defeat their master , Yu Shengying , played by Biao Yuen , in a duel . This means that Master Yu has to break his spear and never perform again , a tradition I was unaware of in Peking Opera . Keep in mind these people are actors portraying heros from Chinese history . Their duel is not of acting skills , but fighting , of course.The two boys train in a mountain mansion with their master until old enough to go to Shanghai to challenge Yue , because all opera troupes with out of work masters have the money for mountain mansions that are built into the rock itself . Their master warns them against challenging Yue , and getting involved with actresses , they forget these warnings right after the master sets fire to the mansion with himself inside , and head to Shanghai . There they immediately challenge Yue , win and take over his opera troupe , complete with his actress girl friend , Xi Mu Lang , played by Barbie Hsu.Shortly after this the two began to grow apart and compete for the affections of Mu Lang along with police general Lu , played by Louis Liu . While all of this was going on , there was horrible acting , cheap looking costumes that did n't match the era , bad CGI , and fight scenes that would only impress people new to Chinese choreography . As stated before , this was all in the first forty-five minutes.So much of this film bothered me and I really wondered what kind of history director Gao Xiaosong was exposed to as a child . The costumes and hair was not period , but some mix of modern with impressions of 1920 's China . The two leads at one point look more like modern day hipsters than youths of that era . Lu looks more like a anime villain than any Chinese general I have ever seen . His hair sweeps down and hangs in his face in classic Harajuku style . This cheap unreal look continues on in the sets as well . Several wide shot scenes are CGI and do n't blend in well with what is real . The scene when they brothers reach Shanghai is an example . The harbor and famous Bund are all rendered in CGI , the street they end up walking down looks like a freshly painted set from a 1950 's Hollywood movie , unconvincing.The treatment of Peking Opera in this film also bothered me . The people involved in Peking Opera were not trained warriors , they were actors , they were pretending . They never dueled each other in combat . It was n't uncommon for different troupes to put on competing performances of the same opera , but not fight each other . Also , women were never allowed to perform in Peking Opera . Today that oversight has been rectified , but historically they never would have been allowed on stage . Young boys were the ones playing the female roles . Last , in the early 20th century Peking Opera was struggling . It was seen as a part of Chinese culture that was corrupt and weakening the Chinese character . People wanted to be modern and watch movies , or Dianying , electric shadows . In My Kingdom , Peking Opera is a booming business that makes Yue rich and fills theaters to watch him ` duel ' two young actors.I 'll be honest , I did n't make past the first forty-five minutes . I know for some that might disqualify my opinion of the film . However , I believe that our time is something to be cherished and better spent on other pursuits than bad film . While many of the aspects of this film were straight out of the Chinese cinema playbook , Gao Xiaosong should leave the playbook in the hands of the masters .
 Not at all what I expected . I was very disappointed this movie was more of a chick flick than a war movie .
 Comment
 Goodtimes had a deal with Columbia , and later Universal to make cheap EP prints for sellthru while the two studios made SP quality versions for the rental market . Here 's the link to the Wikipedia article that confirms I 'm telling the truth.http : / / en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GoodTimes_Home_VideoThese are BAD prints . Go for the RCA Columbia soldin another listing . Good luck !
 Sirocco , 1951 filmBlindfolded men are escorted to a meeting with Emir Hassan . These newspaper men are told why the Syrians are in revolt
 Humphrey Bogart stars as an American operating in the black market in Syria during the French occupation . Bogart ca n't return to the U.S. because of his shady past . He has no loyalty to either side ... he is his number one concern . He becomes intrigued by Marta Toren , the mistress of a French officer , Lee J. Cobb , who wants to make peace between Syria and France . He crosses paths with Bogart several times as both men pursue Toren and become embroiled in the political conflict.Sirocco is n't a particularly interesting film . Bogart seems bored by the whole thing , giving a tired , been there , done that performance that makes you wish you were watching one of his earlier films where this type of character and situation was much better played out . The characters are n't compelling enough to care about , which really kills any chance for dramatic tension . The script is dry , the direction bland , and the film appears to have been made on the cheap . Fans of Bogart will want to watch this if only to see him , but it ranks amongst his lesser efforts .
 Having survived the classic science fiction of the 50 's and 60 's im used to seecrappy effects ... but at least they really worked hard at the acting to make theseshoe string movies believable.But today . .2013 ... we get this movie ... Good enough effects ... loved the tripodinvaders ... but the script and associated acting made me sick !!! Its that kind of movie , , , where you have young actresses talking to their phone ... shaky camerawork ... caused your suppose to feel like your there , continuous flowof the swear words ... very bad script ... hey grab guns ... lets survive type of movie.Its been done many time before ... and they all suck.Again ... Hand held cameras ... actresses talking to the camera . . lots of stupidpeople continuously swearing ... and lots of other useless garbage ... So why did i buy it ... 1 . It was in the bargain bin ... hey sometimes you get winners . .2 . I love aliens ... and i really like these ones also .3 . The special effects -LRB- ray guns . . exploding individuals etc. . . were good enough -RRB- 4 . It was ` nt a Asylum Studio movie ... it was Phase v1 ... not as crappy movies . . So i can only recommend to have a view if you can hack it ... for the aliens.Gimme me Battle Los Angeles anytime , instead of this .
 stupid alien movie dont buy or rent very bad movie its not worth the time or money for this movie bad acting and itreminds me of the blur witch project movie it was just sooo badd
 A rehash of other movies but this one was really bad . No name actors who could not act . No plot and poor CGI
 I thought I was getting a half-way descent flick . Both Netflix and Blockbuster gave it 2-1/2 stars . This was a total disappointment ! I would have done better playing tiddly-winks with the neighborhood dog . The sound effects from the aliens were the same as `` War of the Worlds '' . I 've seen better acting at the local first graders after school play in the cafeteria ! TWENTY THUMBS DOWN , DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME !
 It 's the constant white light blinking and flashing that made me look away from the screen each and every time producers used it as a special effect . What kind of cheap , crappy special effect is this ? It is n't even a special effect ! Why on earth would anyone use an annoying blinking screen that does n't let you see what happens in the movie , irritate your eyes , brain and everything else ? It would be okay , if they used it only once or twice but not each and every time they had to show that there is a warfare going on ! The rest is unimportant . Bad acting , bad plot , bad special effects and there is nothing good about the movie . Nothing at all ! Whoever gave the movie a good rating is n't a consumer of the product . Thank you very much for advertising your own product with false reviews but it sucks in every way . Thank you , but no thank you !
 Returning from a vacation , a father who knows nothing has run out of gas somewhere in Nevada on the way back to L. A. Charlie Cox has his preteen daughter along who is about to have a birthday . A the Exxon , the manager says they are out of gas as there has been no delivery . They usually kill the stranded owners and take parts from the cars to resell . The father and daughter are deserted and stuck in a trailer part with typical occupants . `` Everything is about money ''
 This was the worst movie I 've ever seen . The only thing worth watching for is a young Drew Barrymore in a bikini . This film had the worst overacting I 've ever had the disprivalige of seeing . Who ever wrote this script ought to be embarrased . Oh well , at least I saw it free on cable .
 Drew Barrymore never looked hotter than she did in this movie . She looked around 15 , and anyone would be taken by her intensively attractive looks . But this was one terrible movie with some of the worst acting I have ever seen . I do not know how somebody can actully look at this script and act out the ridiculous scenarios . It was written by Tommy Lee Wallace , -LRB- who Witch '' -RRB- and Barrymore unfortunately took the part . What was she thinking of starring in garbage like this ? She plays a girl who , while traveling with her father , gets stuck in an extremely seedy desert town in Nevada , which would make the place Kurt Russell was trapped in `` Breakdown '' seem like not such a bad place after all . Caught in this mess of a movie is Dick `` Mr. Futterman '' Miller , who was in my two favorite movies of all time `` Gremlins '' and `` Gremlins 2 '' , and fell victim to a part in this . Miller was recently in the Joe Dante 's work , and keep away from idiotic scripts like these . Pretty much everyone got on my nerves in this film , and you can also manage to girl named Stephanie Walski , as some pigtailed girl who is so dumb that you would think her mother did some serious drugs while pregnant with her . You could imagine that is very possible when you see the mother -LRB- Susan Tyrell -RRB- a really ugly looking woman who would be the last person to win Mother Of The Year -LRB- She should take some pointers from Kathleen Turner in `` Serial Mom '' on how to be a loving mother -RRB- . Another thing that is so ridiculous was this one scene where three cast members do a most ridiculous ` Happy Birthday ' like song - and - dance to Barrymore . It 's so incredibley stupid that I wonder how much of an idiot the actors were feeling when they were shooting the scene . Stay away from this waste of in this movie which could very well be her most annoying performance yet , as some moron broad who could definatly use some fashion tips .
 I ca n't believe that the crew who filmed this movie did n't have anyone able to explain Vietnamese ethics to Heidi . I 'm not even Vietnamese , but having a considerably sized Vietnamese population in my region and being that my son is half Vietnamese half white , I 'm morally obligated as a parent of a bi-racial Vietnamese/white child to try to understand what I can . Ok , with that said , I understand very clearly the financial obligation of the kids in Vietnamese society . It 's rooted in the whole ` first son ' values . I 'm not opposed to it and as a matter of fact , I think it 's fantastic once you understand how it connects the family . They were just asking her to connect with her family and fulfill her Vietnamese duty . After all , her mother did give her up to SAVE HER LIFE from the guerillas whom she had heard were going around killing mixed-race children.Heidi interpreted the situation from an American standpoint and made a typical -LRB- American -RRB- assumption that they were way too interested in just money from her . When in fact , their society is rooted in obligation to parents which maintains the family.Even from the American standpoint , if I were her , I would have at least promised a small amount monthly to ease some of their struggle ... even if it 's just $ 50 , that 's at least enough to pay for something important in Vietnam . A google search showed me that the average YEARLY salary in Vietnam is just $ 500 which works out to just $ 41/month . For just $ 41/month , she could have provided a monthly typical worker 's salary to her family.Obviously , her family in Vietnam loved her and missed her dearly . They had great hopes for their future , and they should . I hope this film was rigged and Heidi 's reaction was fake and that the family received a large payment for their part in the film . If this was a genuine reaction and it 's true that she ` closed the door ' , I sincerely hope she reconsiders . From an American standpoint who somewhat understands Vietnamese sentiment , I could tell she has a VERY nice , LOVING family in Vietnam .
 A woman goes back to Vietnam , to find her mother and siblings she left behind when she was adopted by a US led campaign to save children.She goes back , and finds her mother and 1/2 siblings in a very emotional state . Constantly being hugged by the emotional mother.The reason I gave it two stars , is because I found the daughter very conceited . I mean HELLO , IT 'S YOUR MOTHER YOU FOUND , THE WOMAN THAT GAVE BIRTH TO YOU !!! And when some of the siblings ask for a mere monthly help for the mother and them , she gets all upset and emotional and ends up leaving and not going there again , and keeping little contact with them.She totally denied her roots , and forgets that 1/2 of her genes are from those poor people she visited . I guess she 's a product of the wacko mother that raised her -LRB- she was not to mention Vietnam , et cetera , while being raised as a girl from the South . -RRB- You could tell the type of hillbilly trailer trash racists people they are.If I were her , I 'd get a second job or find some other means of helping out her family . I 'd find a way . Not totally abandon them , especially my MOTHER!Perhaps there will be another docu with her , but this time noting how her procreation does the same to her . What goes around , comes around . Rem kiddo , your turds do n't smell any better than theirs !
 I 've been brooding about this movie for 24 hours and I think I finally have a handle on what made it so horribly disturbing
 The movie was certainly thought provoking . It touches on issues such as cultural misunderstandings , abandonment , imperialism , and war.It was easy to hate Heidi at first . She came off as an ignorant `` ugly American '' . But the more I thought about it , I realized that she was much more complicated than that . She was n't an infant who started her new life with a clean slate . She was SEVEN years old ! That is more than old enough to have memories of her old life which must have made the abandonment and subsequent adoption even more traumatizing for her . Add the unloving adopted mother who did n't teach her anything about her culture and you have a young woman who 's culturally ignorant and desperate to find a loving mother to take care of her like a little girl . I can see why the family 's request was overwhelming for her.I think the film exploited Heidi though . I think the film makers were so excited about having a `` good story '' that they were careless in preparing Heidi for the trip . The translator should have prepared Heidi and taught her more about the Vietnamese culture.Does anyone have any updates on what happened to Ms. Bub ? I wonder if she ever re-opened that door .
 Granted I had to watch this movie for class and write a paper for it . I 'm sure it 's a good movie in its own right , but I did n't like it .
 This film has a good story line and a great leading actor . This could have been a great film were it not for the budget , direction and writing . This is such a low-budget film that I suspect it was filmed in one or two weeks at most . Many of the scenes are skimmed over and left to a voice over to explain all the missing scenes . Michael Douglas does a very good job in his role , but he is a professional , who has been performing for many years . The other characters needed more direction but did not get it . Very little time was spent developing characters or plot . I think the primary problem with this film is the budget . I do n't think the director or writer had time to develop the film due to time constraints as the film has the feel of being rushed.This could still be a good film with the right personnel and budget but it will probably never be remade .
 There is just not much of anything to review here . Pretty much a pointless waste of time-sorta film . Michael Douglas acts slightly manic , in a crazier performance in the Wonder Boys mode , but most everyone else is hard to watch . There is not a compelling , exciting or interesting moment in this film . It 's competantly made of course - but the script and the project are just sorta ... needless.Save your precious time and watch something else .
 This is quite simply a dragged out dumb movie . I could n't even stay with it long enough to see the end . After an hour of it , you simply do n't care how it ends .
 Evan Rachel Wood , a large part of the soundtrack , especially the Billy Bragg/Wilco version of Woody Guthrie 's California Stars over the first part of the credits , and it 's over in a mercifully short 1:33 . Beyond that , King of California has nothing to recommend it , least of all an original thought for its entire running time . Michael Douglas , in real life a pillar of Hollywood Establishment , in this fiction gets to play Charlie , a misunderstood , bipolar , irresponsible , outsider visionary in bland SoCal America . -LRB- Think of his Wonder Boys role , reprised with a questionable sanity twist . -RRB- As Charlie pursues his quest for the treasure of a long-dead Spanish missionary , we learn for the umpteenth time from Hollywood that convenience food and big box stores have polluted the land -LRB- but Hollywood gladly accepts their product placement fees -RRB- , that the people who work in them are unpleasant or lecherous and look bad in bathing suits , that police are fat and/or dimwitted -LRB- except for the hot babe who picks up on Charlie 's clever stratagem of leaving his telephone number in the hood of her cruiser -RRB- , and that subdivisions existing where orange groves used to be is bad . Unfortunately , after the viewer has taken the necessary thirty seconds to ingest those insights , Charlie , in full , wild beard of course , still has many minutes to lumber along the screen to his destiny in the awful society that does n't appreciate him.Instead of King , pay another visit to One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest , which - in case any viewer on the planet overlooked the obvious link to that classic - the movie kindly drives it home by having Wood reading Sometimes a Great Notion in one scene .
 The best thing about this movie was the original song written and performed by Jolie Holland . A snippet plays during the movie and then during the credits at the end .
 Save your money and stay away from this stinker . I generally like all of Michael Douglas movies , but this movie is a COMPLETE disaster . You end up not liking ANY of the CHARACTERS and the aproximate 1 and half hour movie takes an ETERNITY to end . JUST PLAIN BAD . Even if you have an hour and a half to waste , go outside and jog .
 Are there subtitles on this program ?? MTV , all full-length streaming content require closed captions and I do n't see any indicated in the product description , so I can not watch this program as a hard of hearing person .
 Bring back the Lyricist Lounge Show and the original MTV Jams.I remember I was so excited when they had MTV Jams on and they played nothing but strait up banging hip hop from the 1990s . Then there was the Lyricist Lounge . for you people that only watch todays rap videos you missed it . It was just dudes having skits and just doing great rapping . Look at 106 Park and Freestyle Fridays and times that by a hundred and your close to the Lyricist Lounge . some of the members were Kweli-Mos-Words-Em-Big and even of tight people who are no names . and as plain white said bring back shows such as The Tom Green Show are atleast put out some DVDs . As for this junk I believe it is a step or two a head of the excellent show-Pimp my Ride . Tell MTV to start showing some PIMP rap from 1994 like Nas or Snoop are DJ Premier beats . I hate that punk Ashton Kutchar and all I have to say is Bruce will kick yo white Azz .
 OK , this is the most unfunny hidden camera show . If you want a very good one , chose jamie kennedy experiment . That is a good show . This is just not funny and annoying .
 Okay , okay , not really . I would never in a million years buy this DVD set . I already saw it on MTV , thank GAWD ! , and would never buy it . Here 's why!First of all the premise . If you analyze other Hidden Camera shows , the sucess factor is based on , not limiting yourself to your `` marks . '' That is , this show `` punk 's '' famous people . Well , that is limiting yourself from the start.Now , what happens if the taped segment is n't funny ? Well , if you 're Jamie Kennedy , you turn to another `` mark '' and tape another segment . You do this 3 or 4 times -LRB- or more , I suppose -RRB- until you get the superfunny segment.Well , herein lies the problem with Punk 'd . Since they only `` fool '' famous people , they are limited to that once -LRB- or twice -RRB- that they get a believeable take . And , as someone like me knows , -LRB- a long time fan of these `` prank , hidden camera/microphone/video camera shows -RRB- successful segments do n't necessarily happen the first take.That 's why shows like Jamie Kennedy , and other `` Candid Camera '' segments are successful , and why Punk 'd is n't . The other shows have the luxury of depending on more segments to capture a successful and FUNNY segment . Punk 'd is not successful , and NOT funny ! Anyone who thinks it is , is falling on the already established liking of Ashton Kutcher , the famous people , MTV , or have never been exposed to a funny program , such as Jamie Kennedy.A typical segment shows Ashton explaining , laughing , about the segment , in a fashion of somebody who is probably enjoying it , more than his audience . You know the type . Somebody who laughs half-way through telling you a joke ? You do n't laugh , and wonder why you are even listening ? Same thing for this show . The audience is wondering when they will laugh as hard as the host.Reading the other reviews , I was not surprised to see so many negative reviews . This show is not funny , and very un-deserving of even a second season . Please do not renew or even show re-runs of this show , MTV . A real stinker . Two `` W 's '' down !
 I am really not knocking the show . . but more questioning , Why would anyone feel the need to actually spend money on a show like this ? I mean come on . . just turn on MTV ?? Once you have seen an episode . . and the celebrity is punked ... why would you need to have it on DVD ? Is there people that really want to watch the same GAG twice ?? that would be boring . . save your money and just watch the NEW shows on MTV !
 Aston Kirchner is 30 , a lie , an act of disgrace . I his father he my dirty tissue . No buy . no buy . no buy . Watch johnny margera instea .
 DID YOU SEE THE ONE WHERE THEY SET UP THE CELEBRITY AND THE CELEBRITY WAS LIKE `` WTF ?????? '' AND THEN THAT STARBURSTS COMMERCIAL CAME ON ??? I LOVE THAT COMMERCIAL !!! HWAT A GOOD SHOW .
 A ripoff of The Jamie Kennedy Experiment . Honestly , who wants to see some bum trick celebrities ? If you want some hidden camera stuff that 's actually entertaining , get JKX season 1 .
 I love the show , but I was very disappointed when I found out there was n't another audio track with bleeped bad language . Now I 'm either going to have to only watch this by myself or return it . Poor move on MTV/Paramount 's part . Even the Osbournes got an edited track and they 're just as bad or worse ! Surely it would n't have been THAT difficult to add an edited track . Had they done this , it easily would 've gotten 5 stars from me . I personally do n't mind bad language much , but some of the people I would have been watching this with DO mind . Very , very lame . And something that could have been so easily corrected !
 I am really not knocking the show . . but more questioning , Why would anyone feel the need to actually spend money on a show like this ? I mean come on . . just turn on MTV ?? Once you have seen an episode . . and the celebrity is punked ... why would you need to have it on DVD ? Is there people that really want to watch the same GAG twice ?? that would be boring . . save your money and just watch the NEW shows on MTV !
 Ashton Kutcher , please go away . You are the posterchild for `` overexposed . `` MTV , get a clue . How about playing some music videos as opposed to crappy , filler type shows like this and 36 hour marathons of The Real World.The rest of the world could care less about a bunch of teenage losers scramming for their 15 minutes of fame .
 The Rich Playing games on the RICH HA HA HA HA !!!!!!!! Get the lotion !!!!!!!!!!!
 Okay , okay , not really . I would never in a million years buy this DVD set . I already saw it on MTV , thank GAWD ! , and would never buy it . Here 's why!First of all the premise . If you analyze other Hidden Camera shows , the sucess factor is based on , not limiting yourself to your `` marks . '' That is , this show `` punk 's '' famous people . Well , that is limiting yourself from the start.Now , what happens if the taped segment is n't funny ? Well , if you 're Jamie Kennedy , you turn to another `` mark '' and tape another segment . You do this 3 or 4 times -LRB- or more , I suppose -RRB- until you get the superfunny segment.Well , herein lies the problem with Punk 'd . Since they only `` fool '' famous people , they are limited to that once -LRB- or twice -RRB- that they get a believeable take . And , as someone like me knows , -LRB- a long time fan of these `` prank , hidden camera/microphone/video camera shows -RRB- successful segments do n't necessarily happen the first take.That 's why shows like Jamie Kennedy , and other `` Candid Camera '' segments are successful , and why Punk 'd is n't . The other shows have the luxury of depending on more segments to capture a successful and FUNNY segment . Punk 'd is not successful , and NOT funny ! Anyone who thinks it is , is falling on the already established liking of Ashton Kutcher , the famous people , MTV , or have never been exposed to a funny program , such as Jamie Kennedy.A typical segment shows Ashton explaining , laughing , about the segment , in a fashion of somebody who is probably enjoying it , more than his audience . You know the type . Somebody who laughs half-way through telling you a joke ? You do n't laugh , and wonder why you are even listening ? Same thing for this show . The audience is wondering when they will laugh as hard as the host.Reading the other reviews , I was not surprised to see so many negative reviews . This show is not funny , and very un-deserving of even a second season . Please do not renew or even show re-runs of this show , MTV . A real stinker . Two `` W 's '' down !
 I made up my mind to watch this to the end , but it was n't long before I wanted to hammer something , like my TV , because this was about the most aimless and boring documentary I 've ever sat through . I do n't understand why , given all the trouble it must be to arrange and film all these interviews , it was considered too much trouble to provide just a little bit of back-story narration up front , or some narration during the documentary to tell me what 's going on , or some text on slides to mark section breaks , or something to keep this from turning into one big long stream-of-conscienceness firehose of interview clips that were supposed to be telling me something.Yes , there is a direction . We start with interview clips telling about Tom DeLay 's early years in Texas politics back in the 1980 's , and we end up with DeLay resigning , but it 's a long and tedious journey from here to there ; kind of the film equivalent of driving on a highway through Texas , without even any signs to tell you that you 're in Texas.Anyway , I did n't have any feelings about Tom DeLay going into this , and I must admit I learned something , but can documentary makers please get back to making geniune documentaries again ? Maybe do a little work up front so I do n't have to put everthing together myself while watching something that seems one cut above raw footage ? Perhaps then the message would get out a little faster and better , whatever that message happens to be .
 Unfocused , repetitive , and worst of all - boring ! What should have been a slam dunk documentary about one of the worst blights on the modern age of politics instead turns out to be a damn shame . Ronnie Earle , the district attorney at the center of the film , says , `` This is n't about Democrats and Republicans , this is about cops and robbers . '' If only the makers of this film could have been so concise at some point in the first reel or two of their documentary as to what it is they were trying to say . Instead , from the start , The Big Buy feels like a film you 've walked into thirty minutes late . Following the theme stated by Earle of cops and robbers , The Big Buy is supposed to have a film noir aesthetic , but the intended use of light and shadow is so intermittent you likely wo n't notice . Somewhere in this mess is a good film and a better story , to bad it 's not being told here .
 FALLEN ANGELS boasts all the usual modern horror film visuals -LRB- i.e. clich&eacute;s -RRB- . Quick MTV edits , grim desaturated colors , gore , etc. . Even so , the film is a boring mess.Confused story . I do n't think I would have known what was going on , except I 'd read the DVD box before hand , and the characters kept filling me in on stuff they 'd learned . -LRB- And I 'd wonder
 Let me qualify what I am about to write by stating , I am a fan of horror movies . I have even enjoyed campy , cheese-riddled titles like hell raiser , Evil dead , and Halloween . I can and do enjoy movies that are not `` quality films '' in the conventional sense of the word.With this in mind , I want you to take in the full gravity of my meaning when I say that Fallen Angels was one of the most terrible self-abortive pieces of filth i have ever had the displeasure of watching . There simply are not enough bad things to say about this movie . The story line was convoluted and nonsensical , the characters were two-dimensional , and I have seen better acting in porno . None of the characters seemed to possess human motivation , their actions apparently random and unrelated . The story did n't advance , it just ended , and even then in the stupidest way possible -LRB- our hansom detective talks the demons into reforming -RRB- . With all of the artful considerations out of the way , there is little to look forward to in this movie except scene after scene of grizzly murder , but even that is disappointing . The special effects are dismal and unconvincing , more in line with daytime television than an actual cinematic production . I had to double take at the release date , it says 2007 , but I was convinced that it was made in the late seventies or early eighties.The template for reviews on amazon requiers that I give at least one star , but I felt like giving this film a zero .
 < strong > Fallen Angels < / strong > -LRB- Jeff Thomas , 2006 -RRB- Relatively silly haunted prison flick that garnered minor attention for featuring a couple of name stars , Michael Dorn -LRB- < em > Star Trek
 This movie went from discovering skeletons in an underground `` dungeon '' to searching for a missing person .
 Only those who are die-hard , raving UFO enthusiasts might enjoy this video . The entire film consists of low-quality video of various speakers , re-hashing a number of different subjects and events which have been beaten-to-death over the years . I was n't able to sit still past the first fifteen minutes , eventually resorting to fast-forwarding through the entire 3-hour video in a search for anything new -- with no luck . Give it a watch if you do n't mind hearing more about things which have been covered again-and-again in other videos and television programming , and have no objection to low production qualities .
 This whole film appears to be footage from The Watchers and The Watchers 2 ! How are they not being sued ? The audio is so bad , you can plainly tell they recorded the footage while watching it on TV from a video cam , and then just relabeled it as their own ! I think I may have to get in touch with The Watchers series producers and have these guys taken off the market .
 After a minute long intro featuring heavy metal music behind a bunch of sci-fi magazine covers , we 're treated to ... . video footage of a conference that looks like it was taken by a high school student with their dad 's camcorder . And this conference does n't involve anyone particularly interesting , either . Yes , Travis Walton , who 's story -LRB- hole-riddled as it might be -RRB- was the inspiration behind the movie `` Fire in the Sky '' speaks , but his and the stories of other U.F.O. witnesses that are discussed on here have been told and re-told many times before this , and nothing new is offered on them by this conference . Other `` experts '' who speak on this video include a doctor who has allegedly removed 10 `` foreign objects '' from people who claim to have been abducted by aliens . He states that these devices are clearly alien implants , though he does n't offer anything much in the way of conclussive evidence that they 're even from outer space . This is a very boring video , and it 's not worth even renting .
 Would like to see this film released by a company that does n't feel the need to superimpose a large `` RE '' watermark throughout the entire film .
 Hey , lets chug our last water , then throw away the empty bottles . lets not eat the snake we killed . lets not follow the wolf to water.don ' t waste your evening . People this dumb deserve to die .
 Going into this I had no idea what to expect . Unfortunately I was n't wowed by this movie . It was very slow and very predictable . You can look at this movie as a drawn out explanation of what NOT to do when you go into remote areas and what NOT to do when you find yourself stranded . Only mildly entertaining with very flat acting .
 This is one of those typical plot lines that goes around in circles . But to make matters worse it also jumps around , in dream stages that have no real meaning in the context of the movie . So if your into watching slow drawnout movies where people do get hurt n die , this is for you . If it 's not your cup of tea , skip it . There are other much better movies out there .
 It is so sad that actress Lacey Chabert has lowered herself to this level of film ... if you want to call it that . I always thought she was a budding star and would emerge among the cream of the crop some day ... definitely not in this dreadful low-budget bomb . It was slower than a crippled snail ... horrible script ... high school calibre acting . I hope Lacey emerges in a much better role . I wo n't hold this one against her . I 'm her fan forever !
 If you think you might like 90 minutes of bad actors stumbling around with bath towels on their heads muttering , `` I ca n't go on , '' `` You got ta go on , '' `` I ca n't go on , '' `` You got ta go on , '' then this is the movie for you . Some movies are just so horrible they 're entertaining . I give to you the low-budget dud , THIRST . The acting was so bad that it was like watching a bunch of kids pretending to be actors in a movie about actors pretending to be kids lost in the desert . Spoiler warnings are for movies that can actually be spoiled
 ... or her friends and family . Seriously , I have seen nepotism at work in film ... I have seen `` vanity projects '' ... this dreadful excuse for a movie takes BOTH of those concepts to a whole new level . I do n't know who Lacy Chabert THINKS she is , but good God , not even Hollywood royalty could get away with this level of masturbatory self-aggrandizing . Basically , in a nutshell , here is all you need to know about `` Thirst ''
 The synopsis makes it sound like this is a typical `` stranded in desert '' horror with a cliched set up . In the middle of nowhere , two unintelligent , stranded couples are being stalked by a , uh , dog wolf.You know , through most of this unrealistic movie , I was thinking to myself Mad Max
 It 's about four people who get stranded in the desert.Then , after they get stranded , nothing happens . Just an hour and a half of four unlikeable characters walking through the desert.That 's about it.This movie is like getting involved in a conversation with the most boring person in the universe ... and wandering off in thought while checking back in every once in a while to see if they have stopped yapping . I can only assume the three positive reviews must have been left by people who worked on the film.Not scary . Not funny . The dialogue stinks . It 's worse than going to the dentist.Don ' t say I did n't warn you .
 This is a fairly cut and dry story . Two young couples go into a remote part of the desert to shoot photos of Mercedes McNab in a bikini and most of them do n't make it out . Noelle -LRB- Lacey Chabert -RRB- is moody because she has morning sickness and is having second thoughts about the maturity of her boyfriend . She reminded me too much of my ex and I wanted her to shut up and die , while Mercedes reminded me of the woman I will only dream about . The film is compared to `` Open Water '' and indeed it is just as boring . This is a ninety minute movie that should take you 30 minutes to watch . We simply do n't see enough of Mercedes McNab to save the film.No sex or nudity .
 This movie was nothing original or interesting . Two couples go off into the desert on vacation so one can take pics of his new fashion model girlfriend . For the first ten minutes we see the two female stars romp around in bikinis , probably to make the film more appealing to men but whatever , nothing makes this film appealing.This movie is bland , boring and full of bad acting and cheap production . The actors acted like they just got out of acting school a year earlier or needed to go . The movie looked like a college production from a film student . The movies were full of ridiculous cliche events.Couples run car into a rock to avoid a wolf.One woman is superwoman AKA nurse who tries to do surgery on emergency surgery with her bare hands.They go through bouts of thirst and sink to ridiculous measures.They happen to be trapped where no one but them were dumb enough to get trapped in.And on , and on , and on . NOTHING original . It is like a million other movies but with poor scenery and nerve-cringing acting . This movie is horrible . I saw it on Showtime and thank goodness I did n't waste money on it . The only thing good about this movie is that it 's over . I kept watching just to see how bad it got and in that aspect I was n't disappointed.If you wan na see decent movies with people trapped in deserts , try 72 Hours or The Canyon . Anything but this .
 There are too many cliches in the terrible film . Starting with the blonde with fake boobs and moving on to the clueless guys and frigid worried woman . Ugh . Just terrible . Do n't watch . I only watched because it was free with Amazon Prime .
 The movie is a take-off on the WWII legendary `` Rosie the Riveter '' . It begins with the broadcast of the attack on Pearl Harbor.An ordinary working Joe returns to his home somewhere in Southern California to his loving wife -LRB- Goldie Hawn -RRB- . He then tells his tearful spouse that it was his duty to fight the Japanese . She swears eternal devotion and faithfulness until his return . After all young men have gone to join the fight an aircraft plant needs riveters and pleads for women to come to work.Goldie Hawn and it seems all women go to work at the plant . Hawn is is then romantically persued by a young supervisor , resists on moral grounds but eventually out of bordoom and loneliness falls in love with him.Predictably there are recriminations and accusations the morning after.Subsequently the husband comes home on leave , finds out , is crushed and goes back to fight the war . The lover has then an affair with Goldie Hawn 's best friend and it is now her turn to fall to pieces.Eventually the war is over , the husband returns , the wife confesses her shame and begs to be forgiven.He relents and forgives , the wife forgives her best friend , the lover goes away to New York and everything is hanky - dory . The screeplay is a heap of stale devices and familiar screen constructions.Sentimental : The farewell scene of husband and wife and the notification of the death of a Marine husband to a fellow riveter.Bravura : Narrow escape and the saving of life of her best friend by Goldie Hawn.Technical : Boring instruction on riveting , endles fly - overs of planes , real or made to look real excerpts of newsreels . The plot is faithful to the working-class identity of the forties and the characters and the story do not hide it.This maybe inten - ded and makes the movie appear to be realistic but ultimately boring . The film may be interesting to people who have not lived in that span of time or to those who have for nostalgic reasons .
 The director 's claim is that the film explores the `` heritage '' of fado -LRB- perhaps as opposed to the fado itself -RRB- . So , instead of fado , it highlights a grab-bag of Brasilian - and African-flavored music , sprinkled liberally with dance . When the film does show real fado , a subversive revisionism follows immeidately . You do n't care for the classic `` Foi na travessa da palha '' by Luc&iacute;lia do Carmo ? Then have a version with percussion and other non-fado instrumentation , sung by a competent singer -LRB- Lila Downs -RRB- who is , thankfully , not even Portuguese ! Tired of that old fogey Alfredo Marceneiro ? How about a rap and dance number that brings him into Saura 's 20th century ? The hits , indignities and misrepresentations keep on coming . One of the only islands of refuge in this mess is Argentina Santos , who is given one fado to sing and does so beautifully . But even here Saura subverts
 The DVD do n't works and I ' l try in several equipments , include in my PC , without success . The DVD run but the image do n't appear to be . I 'd like to receive another DVD , but if you can test it , I think better , I ' l apreciate .
 The movie spends too much time on music from the former Portuguese colonies -LRB- which may have the same ancestry as fado but is no closer to it than the bossa nova is -RRB- . The movie also includes music that has absolutely nothing in common with fado except that it is Portuguese . An example of the latter is ` Grandola Vila Morena , ' the outstanding Jose Afonso song , literally the trigger for the 1974 revolution . This lack of focus leaves out too many giants of the past -LRB- e.g. , Maria Teresa de Noronha -RRB- as well as newcomers -LRB- e.g. , Aldina Duarte -RRB- . However , the director has room for Lila Downs -LRB- Mexican -RRB- and Caetano Veloso -LRB- Brazilian -RRB- . Absurd ! I found it disconcerting to hear fado , that expression of the Portuguese soul , interpreted with a thick Brazilian accent . To make things worse , the choreography is pretentious and distracting . Fado is only marginally visual , so I 'd advise sticking to one of several excellent CD compilations obtainable through Amazon
 What the hell is wrong with all the people that gave this piece of cinematic retardation good reviews ... It 's like a bad student film . I 'm forced to give it at least one star , but it deserves a negative five ...
 The Darkroom begins as a monster movie , segues into an Identity-like psychological thriller , and then strives to become the next Sixth Sense.It begins with a suspected murder -LRB- Reed Diamond -RRB- who 's given an experimental drug ... but never you mind that , because he flees the hospital and runs into a completely different movie . There , he inexplicably befriends Stanley -LRB- Shawn Pyfrom -RRB- who gloms onto him with a devotion that can only be described as puppy-like . Stanley decides that The Man is his ticket out of his hellhole life , which includes being robbed by bullies and threatened by his stepfather Bob -LRB- Greg Grunberg , recently of Heroes -RRB- . Mysteries abound in Stanley 's life . What is the slimy thing killing all the transients ? What is in Bob 's darkroom ? And what was up with that experimental drug?Like so many of these movies that want to have their horror cake and eat it too , The Darkroom substitutes flashbacks of disturbing scenes for dramatic narrative . The acting is atrocious - Pyfrom is n't very good , Diamond is a walking zombie , Grunberg is an over-the-top jerk , and Lucy Lawless has nothing to do as Stanley 's mom except lounge around in lingerie . Which is really the only highlight.The mystery , if you can call it that , deepens as Stanley and The Man decide to follow Bob to work . It turns out Bob has n't been going to work for weeks , but he does go somewhere and it involves a camera . Three guesses as to who the slime monster is and what 's in the darkroom and the first two do n't count.And that 's the thing - as a mystery , The Darkroom fails because the flashbacks give it away . As a psychological thriller , The Darkroom resorts to cheap thrills of torture and nudity . The Darkroom 's monster looks ridiculous . And the pat explanation for who The Man really is simply is n't airtight or interesting enough to warrant another viewing.In short , we know what 's precisely in The Darkroom
 This is one of the worst movies I 've watched -LRB- it was amatuerish at best -RRB- . The video teasers -LRB- showing Lucy 's breast 's almost falling out while bending over the kitchen counter -RRB- says ` everything ' bad about this movie . When THAT is the highlight a viewer should be smart enough to know better than to buy it -LRB- However , I WAS N'T -RRB- . You were warned , this movie , if you are ONLY a Lucy Lawless FAN is at best worth a download , not even a rental -RRB- . I know one man 's treasure is another man 's trash regarding value and opinions , but I can not imagine how this movie got 4 stars -LRB- the reason I purchased it -RRB- . I 've seen other complaints about star ratings on Amazon , too . I 've got a feeling that these ratings are coming from people tied in -LRB- royalty payments , etc. -RRB- in part . This is n't the only movie I 've bought using the recommended ` star rating ' . Very , very disappointing -LRB- the movie and the decision in my purchasing of it -RRB- .
 This movie is a true classic . It is a must see for those who really want to see what Indian movies are about . Better than Dances with Who ? or Black Robe . This movie should be seen by everyone . It has many underlying issues of what is happening in Indian country today .
 This movie sucks in ways I ca n't begin to descibe ... unless you are desperately seeking ways to `` raise your social conscience '' . I would not recommend this movie to anyone I would consider a friend . The cinematograhpy is so-so to poor , the plot is contrived , and it was boring to boring and silly ... if you want to see a good `` Native '' movie , why not check out `` Smoke Signals '' , `` Windwalker '' or `` The Education of Little Tree '' . Oh , and while I 'm at it , stay far away from that other `` Native '' movie bomb `` Gray Eagle '' .
 Powwow Highway is a Lakota `` cult classic '' in the western film genre sense . It reminds us of home . In fact a lot of it was filmed at home in the sacred Black Hills , `` the heart of our home and home of our heart , '' as our ancestors would say about the Black Hills . The film captures a description beyond words . To own a dvd of this film is satisfying . However , to have a poor quality dvd with low quality sound is disappointing . But living on the rez , we can not be too picky and we are accepting of things we recieve . Thanks for your promptness and I would still recommend this video for your permanent library collection .
 Nowhere is it noted that this is the Japanese language version with English subtitles . Oh , and there is no known way to get a refund.I enjoy Fullmetal Alchemist . I do n't speak Japanese and reading subtitles is tedious .
 I am getting married next month ... And I am looking for a tearjerker - you know something that expresses the range of emotions involved with a wedding
 this movie went nowhere . a typical family with predictable outcomes . i did n't laugh once , cry or express any emotions whatsoever throughout the entire film . often i wondered , `` is it over yet ? '' sorry , but this movie is horrifically lame .
 Horrible family you care nothing for , and nobody you 'd want in your own , and that 's saying a lot since every family on earth is dysfunctional . Even the nutty grandmother makes you want to slap her . Hell , I really want to slap everyone on the cast , crew , and the writers . I bought this for 5 bucks , and it was n't worth 5 cents . These people are unsympathetic , unbelievable , and totally made up . The women wear too much eye-liner and spend most of the film rolling their eyes at each other and showing their midriffs . I bought the movie because of Johnathan Schaech -LRB- based -- okay -- on his pretty face and his presence in That Thing You Do -RRB- , but he 's not even in it that much . He 's better looking than all the girls in it too -- including the phony poser lesbian with the fabulous midriff when Alyssa dumps her . I fast forwarded through this after the first half , pausing occasionally to hear dialogue that made Dumb and Dumber look like Hemingway.In summation , if you like this movie , you have been dumbed down by the evil Hollywood machine , and I suggest you check out good foreign films like A Good Marriage and beautiful scandals like Valmont immediately . There is no excuse for liking unmoving , plastic dreck of this nature .
 Character studies of dysfunctional families is a fairly common comedy device . However , in most such efforts , there are enough likable traits to counterbalance the unlikeable ones . We found no redeeming qualities in any of the major characters . Even the bride -LRB- who is supposed to carry the film -RRB- seemed fake and unlikeable . We watched about 20 minutes of this DVD and ditched it in favor of something else . For a much better `` quirky family '' movie , wait for `` The Family Stone '' to come out on DVD .
 No , I 'm not a kid , but this movie was so bad that I actually wanted to throw it in our driveway and run it over about 60 times , or at least until it was nothing but granules of sand . Horrible story of a family full of shallow creeps played by shallow creeps . I 'd rather watch a Police Academy film festival or Ernest Does Dallas than this ... thing . Italians everywhere should be offended , but if you happen to have taste , you should be too , race , religion , or creed notwithstanding . It 's an equal opportunity vomit fest .
 Like many sequels , the writers of this one were unable to come up with a new plot idea , so they basically re-hashed the original . Ken Berry takes the Dean Jones role , Stephanie Powers takes the Michelle Lee role , the demise of the firehouse replaces the demise of Herbie , etc , etc. . Also like many sequels , the result was poor at best . While it had its moments -LSB- the parade of Beetles -RSB- , for the most part , `` Herbie Rides Again '' seemed to try to hard to be clever ... and as a result , fails.As for the transfer ... I could n't help but notice how `` tight '' all the scenes with the actors seemed to be ... especially the ones inside Herbie . The reason ? It appears this movie was filmed in 1.66:1 ratio ... and Disney , in its usual infinite wisdom , has trimmed information from the picture to make it fit a 16x9 screen . Geez ... even Disney 's widescreen movies cut out part of the picture . These guy are just clueless , are n't they?The sound seemed a little off to me as well , with the music sometimes overwhelming the dialogue.All that being said , my recommendation is to buy `` The Love Bug '' -LSB- which has an overall excellent transfer , with the exception of one out-of-focus scene in Chinatown -RSB- , and forget all the sequels .
 This sequel to The Love Bug , lacks a good plot , and an interesting cast . Set five years after the original , this film finds Herbie now sold to an annoying old lady living in a fire house . The fire house is the only building left in the way of Alonzo Hawk 's new sky scraper being built . Robert Stevenson enters the plot as Hawk 's nephew and goes against his uncle to help save the fire house . This film has nothing to do with the original and loses the formula . I would pass on this movie . However , Dean Jones and Don Knots returned in Herbie Goes to Monte Carlo to give the series back it 's good name ...
 My two year old loves Herbie , so we rented this to give us all a break . Now we are paying for it ! The villian in this movie rants , raves , screams , and bosses everyone around conitinuously . Perhaps it is coincidence , but our mild-mannered son has become a mini-version of this tryant . After two weeks , he is finally returning to normal . I would not recommend showing this movie to suggestible children . It is difficult to find live-action , non-violent movies with good role-model characters . Stick with `` The Love Bug . ''
 Disney is NOT adding any features whatsoever for the Herbie , the Love Bug sequels . As a dedicated fan of the star car , I have discovered that so far ONLY Herbie Rides Again will be in Widescreen . The only other thing that could possibly be of any good quality within these discs would be a remastering of the picture and sound . Unless you 've given up using your VCR or you are a collector , do n't waste your time purchasing the Herbie sequels . Only the original movie , The Love Bug is worthy of it 's `` Special Edition '' title .
 My technical experience with this DVD is best described as that of bitter disappointment . The DVD misfunctioned in my DVD player . I ordered a replacement and the dysfunction was the same . The video skipped and stalled . I can not understand how Warner Brothers Classics could issue such a product . Also there exists a VHS version which has the MAKING OF JOAN OF ARC as a trailer . I wonder why this format was not duplicated for the DVD version.The film and the subject matter is great . The technical quality of the DVD is bitterly poor , diappointing .
 There have been many films about Joan of Arc starting as early as 1899 by pioneer film inventor George Melies and including the silent film `` The Passion of Joan of Arc '' -LRB- 1928 -RRB- by the great Danish film director Carl Theodor Dreyer , and the Ingrid Bergman 1948 film `` Joan of Arc '' . `` Saint Joan '' -LRB- 1957 -RRB- followed , and then `` The Trail of Joan of Arc '' -LRB- 1962 -RRB- , Luc Besson 's `` The Messenger '' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , and a 1999 TV movie.This film was based on George Bernard Shaw 's 1924 play of the same name , inspired by the Catholic Church 's canonization of Joan as a Saint . Jeanne d'Arc -LRB- 1412-31 -RRB- was a peasant girl who claimed divine guidance and led the French army to several victories in the 100 Years War , then was burned at the stake as a witch.Jean Seberg -LRB- 1938-79 -RRB- plays Joan in this film . Joan has been played by action star Milla Jovovich -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , Helen Hunt lookalike Leelee Sobieski -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , and Ingrid Bergman -LRB- 1948 -RRB- . Bergman was 33 years old when she played the 17 year old maid . Jovovich was 24 and Leelee Sobieski was only 17 . Seberg was 19 . This was Seberg 's film debut . She followed it with `` Bonjour Tristesse '' -LRB- 1958 -RRB- and `` Breathless '' -LRB- 1960 -RRB- and went on to make almost 40 films , the most famous of which was `` Paint Your Wagon '' -LRB- 1969 -RRB- . Rugged Richard Widmark -LRB- 1914-2008 -RRB- was an excellent actor , nominated for an Oscar and winner of a Golden Globe for his debut film -LRB- `` Kiss of Death '' , 1947 -RRB- and also nominated for an Emmy for `` Vanished '' -LRB- 1971 -RRB- . Widmark appeared in more than 50 films , initially as a villain but increasing as a hero . He was a staple in Westerns - `` The Last Wagon '' -LRB- 1956 -RRB- , `` Warlock '' -LRB- 1959 -RRB- , `` Two Rode Together '' -LRB- 1961 -RRB- , `` Cheyenne Autumn '' -LRB- 1964 -RRB- , `` Death of a Gunfighter '' -LRB- 1969 -RRB- , and `` Once Upon a Texas Train '' -LRB- 1988 -RRB- . In this film he takes on a completely different persona as The Dauphin , and does quite well.John Gielgud -LRB- 1904-2000 -RRB- is one of the finest British actors and one of the few actors to win an Oscar -LRB- `` Arthur '' , 1918 -RRB- , Emmy -LRB- `` Ages of Man '' , 1966 -RRB- , Grammy -LRB- `` Ages of Man '' , 1979 -RRB- , and Tony -LRB- `` Importance of Being Earnest '' , 1948 -RRB- . Gielgud plays the Earl of Warwick.Handsome Richard Todd -LRB- 1919-2009 -RRB- was nominated for an Oscar and a Golden Globe for `` The Hasty Heart '' -LRB- 1949 -RRB- but he 's probably better known for his roles as Robin Hood -LRB- 1952 -RRB- and Rob Roy -LRB- 1953 -RRB- . He plays the Bastard of Orleans.The ever popular Harry Andrews -LRB- 1911-89 -RRB- appeared in more than 100 films often playing a British role . He 's best remembered for his role opposite Sean Connery in `` The Hill '' -LRB- 1965 -RRB- that earned him a BAFTA Best Actor nomination , but he also gave us great performances as Bramante in `` The Agony and the Ecstasy '' -LRB- 1965 -RRB- , the 13th Earl in `` The Ruling Class '' -LRB- 1972 -RRB- , and Mackintosh in `` The MacKintosh Man '' -LRB- 1973 -RRB- . Andrews plays a priest.The film was directed by Otto Preminger -LRB- 1905-86 -RRB- . In a 5 decade career he made 41 films , was nominated for an Oscar 3 times -LRB- `` Laura '' , `` Anatomy of a Murder '' , `` The Cardinal '' -RRB- and a Palme d'Or 3 times -LRB- `` Carmen Jones '' , `` Tell Me That You Love Me , Junie Moon '' , `` Advise and Consent '' -RRB- . Graham Greene -LRB- 1904-91 -RRB- was an English author who specialized in Catholic themes in films like `` Brighton Rock '' and `` The Power and the Glory '' . His screenplays include `` The Third Man '' -LRB- 1949 -RRB- , `` Our Man in Havana '' -LRB- 1959 -RRB- , and `` The Comedians '' -LRB- 1967 -RRB- . The film is based on his work.The top grossing films in 1957 were `` Bridge on the River Kwai '' , `` Peyton Place '' , `` Sayonara '' , `` Old Yeller '' , and `` Raintree County '' . The big Oscar winners were `` Kwai '' -LRB- Picture , Director , Actor -RRB- and `` Sayonara '' -LRB- Actor , Supporting Actress -RRB- . Other notable films released that year include `` Three Faces of Eve '' , `` Pal Joey '' , `` Funny Face '' , and `` Witness for the Prosecution '' . The NY Times called it a `` largely placid and undramatic theatrical exercise '' . This is due in large part to trimming the 3 + hour Shaw play down to half its length . But it 's also caused by the fact that plays do not necessarily translate that well to the big screen , and this is particularly true when we expect battle scenes . Moreover , the film is shot more like as TV movie than a film , with lots of heads shots and 2 shots and focus on talking heads.FWIW - the burning scene at the end of the film went awry and Seberg actually got burned . So what you see here is not acting . Needless to say this is her best scene.There really is n't much to see here unless you 're a big fan of Shaw 's plays , or unless the idea of seeing Richard Widmark as a faltering half wit intrigues you .
 here comes casper again . with his mean uncles.casper the friendly ghost . not as good as the first one.but good enough if your kids loved casper and want to see him again .
 The first Casper was a fun movie which I liked alot . After its success someone had the idea lets make a cheesy prequal with inferior effects that does n't tie in with the first movie at all . In the first movie it says that ghosts scar because of emotion trama in this ghost scar because they are taken to some school to learn how to . Not a good vision of the afterlife is it . It also like I said before has terrible effects . They should have made a sequal with orginal cast and original effects quality . But this is awful .
 To start out with , this is another one of those typical , cheap , grownups-are-stupid ; kids-are-smart movies . This is nothing like the first movie . If this is how it all began then it does not tie in with the feature film Casper the Friendly Ghost.How can a ten-year-old boy , who is in the 4th grade , be smarter than his 40-year-old-dad , who is a successful architect ? What happened to Casper 's father , who lived in a completely other part of the country , and the big scary mansion ? It does n't make any sense . This is a disgrace to the friendly phantom.The acting in this movie is at an all time low . They got low paid actors for a low paid movie . All of the horrible acting , sets , story , and CG make this movie the definition of a terrible movie . Should you watch this junk you will discover the dreadfulness of this piece of trash .
 I 'm wondering if people see this film as a mockery -LRB- even a self-mockery -RRB- of the Irish ? Expect all the usual stereotypes and lame jokes . I guess what I found so disheartening is the constant drunkeness of the pregnant girl . I 'd hate to think young women might think this is a healthy thing to do for their unborn child . As for the film itself , Colm Meaney was good as the caring father , the rest of the cast were flat and two-dimensional . I rented it for a dollar . It was worth all of that .
 Personally , I thought this movie was dark and depressing . It is the story of a 20-year old Irish woman who , after a night of drinking , is `` taken advantage of '' by a man so inappropriate , she 's ashamed to admit that he 's the father of her baby-to-be . Tina Kellegher 's performance was very good , but could have been better if they 'd given her character a little bit of depth . She comes off as very irresponsible and shallow , and she does n't seem to learn from her mistakes . I agree with the other reviewer who wrote that Colm Meaney provided an excellent portrayal of a concerned and good-hearted father , but the rest of the cast was practically non-existent - especially the young woman 's mother , who shows very little concern or interest in the pregnancy whatsoever -LRB- mainly because her character is so underdeveloped in the movie -RRB- . For a TV movie , this is very watchable . For a DVD , it 's a waste of money . If you 're looking for a laugh , look somewhere else .
 I like offbeat films , but this one is vastly over-rated . Any comedy in this movie is swallowed by the tragedy . Could barely stand to finish it . Stick with Waking Ned Devine .
 We bought this movie after reading all the glowing reviews , and wonder now if the reviewers were actually referring to the same movie ! We found `` The Snapper '' a major disappointment , and actually threw it away after watching it once . We 'd never want to sit through it again , nor would we recommend it to anyone , so we just pitched it . It took us two sittings just to get through the movie at all -- we all fell asleep about halfway through the first time . Yes , it was heartwarming that the family stuck together and celebrated this new little life , but so what ? None of the characters made us care about them particularly , as they showed little depth . The girl 's father was implausibly supportive , her mother was strange , the baby 's father was totally disgusting , and the girl was just plain silly and stupid . From now on , we 'll go back to renting before buying . This was a total waste of time and money .
 I was dissappointed in the poor grainy quality of this DVD . It even froze at one point in the movie . Very unsatisfied considering the money I spent for it .
 The film centers on a young couple in California . He writes `` real '' ghost stories from interviews , but needs to do a rewrite . She is a waitress who `` ca n't buy a job '' as an actress and during their first conversation , you will know why . He put in a bid on a secluded ranch which he got , and the next moment they are ready to occupy , driving off in the Bimmer with an air mattress.They take turns filming stuff along the way and thank goodness the producers had enough insight to also use the old fashion motion picture camera mounted on a tripod . Their journey was a waste of our time as it failed to build any character . You can fast forward through this aspect , get popcorn etc. . It is sufficient to know they are both shallow airheads . You can fast forward until they get to the ranch . Really , you wo n't miss anything at all.The film moves fast when it should be slow and slow when it should be fast . If you read the Amazon review or the title , you know cold creepy feeling things happen in the house that require an exorcism . After the first night , they opt to call their psychic exorcist friend who can be there the next day . Instead of wasting all that film shooting California yucca plants , Kurlander should have build up the cold creepy feeling slowly . The time the couple spends on the Internet ... way too long . Get yourself a real film editor . We know your Idiot-Savant group did the sound track from the credits , was the additional plug as part of the film necessary ? Was that a trance or sleep walking Chloe was doing in her panties and boots ? Did she sleep with those boots on ? Looked a bit odd . Was that sunlight coming through the window in the night time bar scene or was the outdoor lighting nova bright?I have dated women who have acted more possessed than Lisa Younger -LRB- sorry Terry , I told . -RRB- I was most shocked by the fact these people had other acting credits to their name . The scary part of the movie did n't last long and there was no explanation as to what happened , just bad hints . Keith Kurlander used himself and his own family as the ghost family , perhaps the most scary convincing thing on screen for all of 10 seconds . Keith Kurlander wrote , directed , acted in , produced , edited , etc. etc. this film . If you see Keith , he now owes me $ 2.F-Bomb , sex , nudity -LRB- thank you Lisa Younger -RRB-
 I was expecting an in depth look at Silva . You get to see some of his values and his family , but not much by way of words from him , most importantly you hear nothing of his martial arts philosophy , only some excerpts of him training . I was dissapointed because I expected to see more philosophy , not just training footage . I really learned nothing new about silva except that he seems to be kind of a jokester with his friends , that 's about it .
 Anderson Silva is a great fighter and I 'm sure he 's a nice guy , but this film was brutally slow . You do n't really learn anything about him -LRB- he 's got a wife and kids -RRB- and all the good footage are clips of his fights . Ironically , scenes with his enemy Chael Sonnen were the most entertaining . I 'm a fan of both mma and documentaries , but this could have been cut down to an hour and shown on -LRB- insert channel here -RRB- . Unless you 're a HUGE fan of Silva or you enjoy long traning sequences or silent car rides , avoid this one .
 I liked the documentary a lot , but the disc itself ?! I believe it was a store bought disc and not an actual studio disc before they burned the movie on it . Maybe a Sony or TDK blank . Not sure . This is a Lionsgate product ?! I 'm disappointed with the actual dvd not the documentary .
 This movie is nothing more than a prolonged episode of UFC Primetime . It 's just a bunch of clips of Silva training and some behind the scene stuff of him at press conferences etc. . No real story and you learn nothing about him or MMA . A documentary is suppose to enlighten this is just more of the same type of thing I 've seen a 100x except I had to pay for it . Boring .
 Dude , I 'm brazilian , and I live in Rio . this movie is a big lie , its all wrong ! dont waste your money buying this ... buy elite squad , which is waaaaaay much better ! trust me !
 Very similar to the movie Omen , which you want to just squeeze the kid . NOT Entertaining , but a film to show someone so they do n't have kids .
 Opting for greatness , does not make things great . Shades of Rosemary 's Baby , Birth and other Manhattan psychological thrillers have inspired this to tedium . Nothing really ever happens . Lots of noisy post-partum screaming , discordant and overplayed piano music , constant infant crying and grimacing all add together like some expensive pharmaceutical ad for a migraine pill . Run away .
 -LRB- 2.5 * 's -RRB- There 's no doubt there 's something familiar about Joshua -LRB- Jacob Kogan -RRB- . In opening scenes we see him at the piano performing songs for his Uncle Ned -LRB- Dallas Roberts -RRB- his mother , Abby -LRB- Vera Farmiga -RRB- , and his father , Brad -LRB- Sam Rockwell -RRB- . His mother holds their newborn daughter in her arms as his uncle encourages him while he plays . The family is happy about the new addition , but like many families , they try to give special attention to the first born , who is nine and practicing for a school recital . We soon realize in the absent monotone in Joshua 's voice that something is indeed wrong . At different points in the film , he asks his parents separately if they love him.The film basically goes forward in chronological order . Captions show the development of the baby
 dvd received freezes at start and freezes perminitely 7/8 thru the movie . noi ending shown .
 This movie is a conundrum . I do not really know what to say about it . It was creepy and ambiguous . Very few details are clarified for the audience . I wanted to like it because it was supposed to be a different type of horror movie , but I felt like I was constantly waiting for something to happen and few things did . Although it attempts to be intellectual and psychological , it is just slow and disjointed . Kudos to Ratliff for wanting to make an unconventional horror film , but I do not think it was successful.Random vomiting , sudden mood swings and anger from all of the characters , and bizarre details made this movie feel incomplete , not haunting . Why show Brad at work ? Why include ghosts ? Why reveal some of Joshua 's bad nature , but then attempt to make it an ambiguous film where you are supposed to guess ? Why have the characters discover some truth , only to not use it to their advantage against Joshua ? Why would a child psychologist leave an abused child under sole supervision of the abuser?In its attempt to be smart , it was sloppy . This film desperately wants to be the secular , Machiavellian `` Omen . '' Intelligence is evil , not creatures possessed by demons from hell -- too pass&eacute; . Instead , every one is mentally unstable and has numerous problems . No one has a good grasp of religion , just extremes . Although more psychological than gory , it brought the viewer into an analytical mindset and then made glaring mistakes that you can not ignore.Do not buy it , do not expect `` The Omen , '' nor any `` Hitchcockian flair ; '' or you will be disappointed like me .
 I generally love a good `` evil child '' movie ; this one , however , was the PITS . It was hard to not actually feel sorry for creepy little Joshua , what with having the world 's most self-centered parents and all . I ca n't recall a character more insufferable than Abby , and if I had a mother like that I 'd be a sociopathic lunatic , too . Dad was n't any better .
 To start off , the kid has dysfunctional family . They will ignore him and I mean completely ignore him after the birth of his sis ! Any parents with the least common sense would n't do that !!!! So the question is
 Boring , slow , and absolutely unsuspensful . A complete waste of time . The acting was awful and the plot has been done much better several times before . Only watch this if you want boredom and/or want to listen to loud piano music and an even louder baby crying for most of the movie .
 I bought this when it came out because I thought the preview looked good . This movie is actually very boring . It 's like a creepy soap-opera with a kid trying to make his parents ' lives miserable . I would NOT recommend this movie to anyone !!!
 I really wanted to like this movie but it is hard to ignore all the flaws . There were far too many holes in the plot . There were mention of ghosts and Egyptian Gods when clearly the movie was gon na lead to neither . It was like the director or writer or whoever was trying to keep us guessing about the origin of the boy 's behavior and they just did n't pull it off . The parents just seemed to lack good ole common sense . At the end there were so many unanswered questions . The story comes off as incomplete . I 'm not gon na go into too much detail . I was just disappointed.I believe the movie could 've been way better had the story been filled out more . A lot just did n't make sense , for example when the dad tells the uncle he suspects something is wrong with Joshua . The uncle laughs and tells the dad he 's the one who needs help when just days before he had admitted very casually that his family has a history of mental illness . Or how the dad could 've proven his point with a very strong piece of evidence he found but he never uses it . I think Vera Famiga is a great actress but her character was left to just go crazy . That 's it.There is a lot of yelling and raging in the movie and a huge over reaction to a child attending a Christian meeting when the parents had stated earlier his preference of religion was his choice . Especially since one parent is supposedly Christian . It just does n't make sense . Another example , one day the dad is looking at a female co-worker and pornography because he supposedly is n't getting enough affection at home then when he gets his affection he is later seen flirting it up with this same girl while leaving his clearly unstable wife at home with his 2 kids . Or when the social worker leaves Joshua in the care of his father though she suspects abuse . It 's character actions like this that just lead to a lot of confusion.One minute you think you know where the movie 's going then it flip flops . I believe had the movie been thought through more and had left some things out and had explained all character actions it would 've been far better . I recently came across a film similar to this called We Need To Talk About Kevin . I have n't watched it yet but it looks very good .
 I can definitely see why this movie bombed at screenings and was released straight to DVD even after Fox Searchlight invested an arm and a leg for it at Sundance . Not only is the movie a downer , it also is unable to truly find a genre or its own niche . It 's the kind of movie that has unidentifiable characters and an air of absurdity about it , although it 's only really an exaggeration of what undoubtedly does take place . At the end of the day , The Omen succeeds much better in the psychological thriller that describes evil children . Having said that , it also bears saying that all performances are outstanding , particularly those of Sam Rockwell and Vera Farmiga .
 In the special features interviews with the cast and crew , people keep saying that they wanted this movie , about how a family falls apart in the wake of a new baby 's arrival , to be a source of discussion for the audience regarding what exactly the movie is it about . Is it about a mother 's hopeless battle with post-partum depression ? Is it about an evil child ? Is it about a father being manipulated by either his wife , his child or his Jesus-loving mother?After watching it , I have no idea which of those things it 's about . In its quest to be intriguingly ambiguous , the movie just winds up as vague . I found absolutely nothing in it to recommend it to anyone for any reason . It 's not creepy enough for horror fans , it 's not thrilling or mysterious enough for thriller/mystery fans and since Sam Rockwell is terribly mis-cast as the father in this film , it 's not even something I 'd tell his fans to watch.In the end , it 's just a strange little movie that does n't fit in anywhere . If that 's seriously what the writer/director George Ratliff wanted , then he succeeded , but I did n't succeed in enjoying the movie one bit .
 Joshua is a 9 year old boy , living in a very expensive NYC apartment with his mother -LRB- THE DEPARTED 's Vera Farmiga -RRB- and fund-manager father Sam Rockwell -LRB- CONFESSIONS OF A DANGEROUS MIND -RRB- . Soon to join their family is little Lilly , whose birth would seem to strengthen the family , but instead it brings up feelings in little Joshua . Or rather , it brings up the LACK of feelings in this singularly creepy child.JOSHUA is n't quite a horror movie ... nothing supernatural happens . What it does , however , is create a situation in which the post-partum depression -LRB- bordering on psychosis -RRB- of the mother collides with the sociopathic nature of her intelligent but emotionless son.Joshua is obsessed with ancient Egyptian culture , particularly the methods they had for embalming and preserving their dead . Joshua is also prone to making odd remarks out of the blue , such as `` You do n't have to love me , dad . There 's no law . '' Joshua IS loved , especially by his dad ... but he ca n't feel it , nor can he share it . He imitates the actions of others , in an effort to fit in . One early creepy scene has Joshua performing at a school piano recital . We 've seen him play in several earlier scenes , and we know he 's brilliant . But on stage , he imitates the horrible efforts of his peers , and plays a horrible version of `` Twinkle , Twinkle Little Star '' instead of Bartok.We might think that he 's simply jealous of his new sister ... but he appears to be jealous of other people having emotions . As his schemes begin to be furthered , his mother unravels and his perplexed father becomes more and more stressed about not keeping his family together.Farmiga , a very interesting looking actress , is not given much to do beyond going steadily nuts . Rockwell , on the other hand , plays a highly successful man who also appears to be a decent husband and doting father . A flawed but very good guy . An appeaser . But when the truth of who , or what , his son is sinks in ... Rockwell has some unusual reactions . In fact , his actions in the final scenes of the film do n't seem to flow from the character we knew before . He makes a huge leap in understanding his troubling kid , but then does various ridiculous things with that knowledge.JOSHUA is a slow-paced film ... just barely interesting enough to keep watching in the early going . As it becomes more clear what Joshua is , the film picks up ... just in time to run into the unconvincing personality change in the father 's character . The film rushes to an ending , and while the final scene is effective ... the ultimate feeling I was left with was `` eh , that did n't quite work . `` Rockwell is very good as the father ... it is the script that betrays him . Also , the film takes some needless digs at evangelical Christianity , in the depiction of Rockwell 's mother as a kook.So , while the film has its creepy moments and a good performance ... it is a 60 minute story stretched over 106 minutes ... thus slowed to a crawl and peppered with lazy writing . I ca n't quite recommend it .
 My daughter and I really wanted to like this . We thought it would be like the movie The Bad Seed . However , we were left just being disappointed . It starts out well with you questioning whether Joshua is a sociopath , abused child , or if the parents are the ones with the issues . The second half of the movie goes in all sorts of different directions . The ending leaves more questions than you started with . My daughter , who is 19 , loves all these types of movies and is very forgiving of ones that are not all that good , and she thought this was terrible . We agree with the review that states the movie ca n't decide what it wants to be .
 This was the absolute most boring movie I have ever seen . Im not kidding when I say nothing entertaining happend in this movie . TERRIBLE !!
 This movie is a complete waste of time , find something else better to do than watch this wantabee horror flick .
 If you think `` Joshua '' is a horror movie , I suggest you always carry a spare pair of trousers with you in case you accidentally look down and see your own shadow . This movie -LRB- hilariously described as `` Hitchcockian '' -RRB- has no idea what it wants to do -- except be scary , which director/writer George Ratliff and co-writer David Gilbert pursue with all the fumbling gusto of screaming teenage fans waiting in line for a pop concert.The story -- what little there is -- centers around the parents of Joshua , a supposedly brilliant nine-year-old devil-child , and how everything basically goes to hell once Joshua 's baby sister is born . OK , stop . Let 's take this one step at a time.How do we know that Joshua is brilliant ? Um ... because he talks about what he learned in school and wears his shirts buttoned all the way up to the top.How do we know he 's evil ? Well , because he looks hard at things and does n't blink.But more importantly , WHY is he evil ? In other words , why is he trying to drive his poor parents nuts ? Well ... the filmmakers would like us to believe that it 's because he 's jealous of the attention his baby sister gets.One problem
 The positive reviews of Prison Break are about to be OLD NEWS . I have to WARN those who are thinking of picking up this show ... I 've been a big fan of Prision Break from day 1 , and I own Seasons 1 and 2 . It was exciting and different ... The action and twists were SO relentless that sometimes they got tedious , but it kept you coming back for more.Every episode has a cliffhanger ... and it is being continued in Season 3 . THAT is the PROBLEM.Season 3 added one disgusting TWIST too many ... After investing so much time and money in this show they pushed the `` edgy '' factor too far and killed one too many MAIN characters . It was a shocking betrayal of trust to the fans of the show and I now seriously REGRET investing the time and money I did.There is NO WAY for the series to have a good outcome with the direction it has gone in Season 3 , so MY recommendation ... SAVE your money.I 'll be selling my PB Seasons 1 & 2 CHEAP . I have NO reason to watch them again .
 Ok , someone tell my why it took a year to get this thing on dvd . The third season is over and those of us -LRB- including me -RRB- who missed the first part of the 2nd season were looking forward to getting this dvd set to patch together the transition from the Big Break to Season 3 . It disappoints . The sophomore slump is at work bigtime . Season 3 had something going for it . Season 2 is filled with lame happenstance , chewing up the time until the writers could figure out where they wanted to take the Brothers Grimm . Michael 's in-prison confidence , successful risk-taking and strategic thinking is not working so well on the outside . Someone -LRB- Mahone -RRB- finally figures out that the wall-to-wall tatoo on Mike might have some meaning and just happens to find the tatoo parlor which did the handiwork , which just happened to take photos of all the tatoos -LRB- why would Mike let them do that ? -RRB- So there 's the story line for the beginning of this season , Mahone following along with the tattoos and trying to decipher their meaning . I watched the first 2 episodes of season 2 , skipped ahead to episodes 5 and 6 , and had to stop . This is so lame . And late . Late and lame . If it were n't so late , like months after season 3 concluded , it would have been a useful bridge in the story line.Someone convince me that I 'm wrong . I would like to be wrong . Seasons 1 and 3 were so good .
 Prison Break is my favorite show so I was ecstatic to buy all of the seasons . My season two came today and I 'm a incredibly disappointed . A seller should definitely inform the buyer that the cd 's are not in there originally casing . I received this in a plastic covering . Very upset .
 Where do I start ? This movie was n't what it is described to be at all . I thought it was a film about two friends , Jessie who is white and Tosha who is black and their friendship . The film is n't about that at all . It 's about the average drama and mess that goes on in school.We see Tosha and Jessie together maybe thirty minutes in the entire film if you add up their scenes . They spend more time with their families and with their other friends . That 's okay IF the film had n't been presented as being about these two young ladies.The movie is stereotypical . Of course the black girl has to be poor and from the ghetto and the white girl has to be rich and promiscuous . These stereotypes are old and have been done a million times . I just wish one day we would seem some variation . Why could n't they both be from the same back ground , rich or poor ? Why could n't the black girl be rich or the white girl poor ? Why does the white girl always have to be misunderstood and have the absent parent ? Why does the black girl always have to come from the dysfunctional family ? I could write a book on the stereotypes alone.To top it off we get the character of Rasheed who is completely disgusting . He is so sleazy that he has sex with Jessie , treats her like crap yet still tries to be with Tosha . Jessie 's character was pathetic and unbelievable . I did n't buy any of her actions . She is too trashy for words and with her being this way , we should 've seen more into her character . Tosha was so irrelevant it was n't funny . For her to be one of the main characters she completely faded in the background to me . Her character did n't seem of any importance at all because most of the movie focused on Jessie sleeping with every boy she met.The characters are all one-dimensional . None of them had any depth . It was like watching cliche 's walk around for the entire picture . Very disappointing.I do n't know why this was made . If you are n't gon na make a film that 's different from many others there 's no point . I watched this thinking it would be about these two girls and their relationship -LRB- minus all the tired racial stereotypes -RRB- and I got some thrown together film based on every stereotype there is about black and white girls.If the film had been presented as being about all this other stuff I could be more forgiving but I was still sickened by the stereotypes.Skip this if you 're looking for a film with a decent plot , deep characters and an actual meaning .
 Not as good as I remembered as a kid and not a classic . Good suject but poor delivery and ending is very weak . That said , Vincent Price was a classic in his own right .
 I noticed that a lot of people have given this movie a good review for the story . I definitely think that it is a classic , but the quality of this DVD is very bad . There are scraches thoughout the movie . There is a line that runs down the left side for the first twenty minutes of the movie . Maybe all releases of this movie are of this poor quality , I can only speak for this one . Do n't Buy .
 this is NOT in 2:35 -1 widescreen . this is the AIP-TV cut cropped at the top and bottom . get any other version but this one ; you will get the entire tv print , not this chop job .
 This badly dated film is the most faithful adaptation of `` I Am Legend '' , a short novel written by Richard Matheson.But , sadly , that does not make it the best . It does , however , make it more worthwhile than the waste of time with Will Smith , `` I Am Legend '' from 2007 . That movie basically trashed everything good about Matheson 's original story in favor of ` been there/done that ' zombie nonsense . `` The Last Man On Earth '' features a poorly cast Vincent Price -LRB- in a downright woeful performance -RRB- as the only survivor of a plague that has either killed everyone or turned them into vampires . Price is terrible in this film . He portrays Robert Morgan -LRB- Neville in the book -RRB- in the most one-dimensional way possible.In case you are wondering which adaptation is the best , it is `` The Omega Man '' starring the late great Charlton Heston .
 The movie `` The Last Man on Earth '' is one of those movies that at this point in time people may laugh at or leave the theater . Usually when people hear that it 's a black and white film they turn it away immediately . There is much more to this movie then viewers may think . Sure , it has its moments where a person ca n't help not to laugh at , but it also has great points that most people look past . The main reason most viewers look past the entire movie is because they are so used to the films that are out today . There are movies like `` Lord of the Rings '' that have so much action and awesome special effects that blow older movies away . The technology is so advanced that the directors are competing for the most complex scripts and scenes.What makes a great movie ? Movies are supposed to leave some things to the viewer 's imagination or they 'll never use their brains . `` The Last Man on Earth '' leaves so much out , that it really makes a person think . The new releases that are out are quite similar to this film are movies like `` Dawn of the Dead '' , `` Resident Evil '' , and `` 28 Days Later '' . They all deal with some kind of virus getting out and killing almost every person on earth and only a few are still alive . Some people would say that these are run-offs of `` The Last Man on Earth '' and `` Night of the Living Dead '' which are both old movies . The only thing missing in `` The Last Man on Earth '' from movies today is blood , humor , and nudity . Do those characteristics really make a movie ? It 's ridiculous to add comedy to a scary movie or horror flick . That will just confuse the viewer to either laugh or to be scared . One of the main things that are seen in films today is nudity . It 's like a movie is not good enough unless some kind of body part is exposed . Plus , a viewer will barely ever see a naked male , but almost always see a naked female . That does n't really satisfy both genders . Most movies are sexist and view women as incredibly weak , unstable , sex objects.This movie has its downsides because of the lack of realistic situations . One thing to think about is that Morgan could n't get the disease because a bat bit him , so there has to be more people or animals out there that has the same anti-venom . There are millions of people out there . If there were no more people alive except Morgan after three years , how is the electricity still working ? It was ironic that a lady would appear out of nowhere and then run away . The movie viewed women as uneducated , unsuccessful , house wives . The wife of Morgan was the first person to transform into a vampire or zombie . The viewer gets to decide if the dead are actually zombies or vampires . Throughout the movie it gives hints that the creatures are vampires but it also gives hints that they could be zombies . They only come out at night , they hate to see themselves in the mirror , they 're allergic to garlic , and they bite at the neck . On the other hand , they look like zombies , they seem retarded and dumb , and they come back to life after they are dead . So it 's anyone 's assumption on which creature they really are.There is so much imagery in this movie . It makes a person look at life in another perspective and to not take simple things like going outside at night to see the stars and going to the grocery store for granted . In this movie Morgan could n't go out at night time and during the day he spent all of his time filling up his gas tank , getting just enough can food to last him , new mirrors and fresh garlic to protect himself . He would wood up his house and have crosses all around to keep them out . This showed how a person can protect themselves in their own home and to believe in god . A scene that was a little ironic was when Morgan ended up dieing in a church . That is symbolic since he was the last real man on earth . When Morgan cures the infected woman with his blood , it shows that people can actually cure each other , and we have our own medicine within us . Since the people who were infected but found a semi-cure killed Morgan , it states that we kill what could keep us alive . He was the last human alive and they killed him out of stupidity.For the most part this movie is well written and great for the horror lovers . `` The Last Man on Earth '' has meaning behind the scenes and actually makes people think deeper then what 's handed to them . The viewer gets to create or add on to the film . A famous novelist , Wolfgang Iser believes `` texts leave great portions unexplained to the reader , whether as gaps in the narrative or as structural limits of the text 's representation of the world . This basic indeterminacy `` implies '' the reader and begs her participation in synthesizing , and indeed living , events of meaning throughout the process of reading . '' This means that if you replace text and reading for script and viewing it would make since that this is what the producer and writer of this movie wants to capture with his/her audience .
 I ca n't decide whether Milland was worse at acting or directing this film , but either way it 's some of the worst Hollywood Cold War fear mongering over-the-top non-sensical crap ever produced . Contradictory and ridiculous , one of the main messages in this movie is that if you are a young and attractive woman , you will be raped by the local gang of thugs where ever you may be - this ludicrous scenario is demonstrated at least three times in this movie . Milland plays the patriarch of the family who happens to be just on the outskirts of LA -LRB- their hometown -RRB- when it gets hit with a nuclear bomb . Why they do n't just drive for the east coast -LRB- or somewhere in between for that matter -RRB- instead of `` roughing it '' in the California hills is not explained . Instead they camp out in a cave , run around in the woods with guns , stalk and kill the punks who raped the daughter , and wander around trying to figure out what to do . Milland is supposed to be outraged and disgusted by the lawless behavior of the locals who become looters and rapists and well , bad drivers , -LRB- this point is also made more than once in the movie when he keeps getting run off the road by them -RRB- but then starts behaving in much the same violent way to get what he wants - guns , gas , food , whatever they need to survive , so it just becomes a total contradiction to itself . Frankie Avalon plays the son . I was waiting for him to break out into song , but unfortunately it never happened . It would have been a welcome distraction from his acting . Ca n't even recommend this as a nostalgia or period film .
 The film The Last Man on Earth and its contemporaries , Brides of Dracula , Blood and Roses , Black Sunday , and Dracula , Prince of Darkness , each portray vampires in a slightly different way , yet there is a common thread in each film . These films are variations , to some extent , of the original Dracula movie that was released in 1931 . This film has greatly influenced the portrayal of vampires on the big screen in its predecessors , then and today.In the original Dracula film , the unblinking Count Dracula is , at first glance , a dark , debonair and dashing gentleman . Unlike the vampires in The Last Man on Earth , he appears to be a normal person in that there is no indication that he is deceased . As the movie progresses , his disturbingly inhuman qualities surface , making him a truly frightening individual . He bites his victims on the neck to drain their blood . At various times during the film , he changes from a human to a bat . He has to sleep in a coffin containing dirt from his homeland . He retreats from garlic and crosses . In order for him to enter a home , he must be invited in . He has no reflection in a mirror and is killed by being impaled with a wooden stake through the heart . There is also the stereotypical plot of the hero and his love interest , usually his fianc&eacute;e , whom Dracula seems bent on adding to his harem of the dead . The hero has rescue his love and this usually leads to a showdown between man and monster , with the monster losing.In the film Brides of Dracula , the depiction of vampires is similar in nature . The vampire bites his victims on the neck , and he is terminated by a wooden stake through the heart . Blood and Roses , released in 1961 , has a slightly different theme . It is an adaptation of the novel Carmilla . In this film , the vampire is female . Her spirit inhabits the body of one of her relatives and in that way , she is reborn . Black Sunday runs along the same lines with the lead vampire being female , but it has a little twist . In addition to being a vampire , she is also a witch . Princess Asa -LRB- the vampire -RRB- is sentenced to be burned at the stake by her own brother . As her body is consumed by the flames , Asa brandishes her future relatives with a curse . After she is killed , her body is buried in a crypt , with her coffin guarded by a cross to keep her from rising again . 200 years later , the cross is damaged and she rises from the dead . Much like in Blood and Roses , she takes a female victim , who is a relative , and tries to take over her body . In Blood and Roses , the victim was willing and accepted the take over . In Black Sunday , the victim is taken forcefully and will be killed to renew Asa 's life force . She is found out , and stopped before her victim is killed.Dracula , Prince of Darkness has all of the clich&eacute;s common to vampire movies of this period
 This is a review of the German Blu-ray . Perhaps its a good thing that during the birthday sequence , this goes , and stays , a word out of sync . It will take your mind off the video , which is just enough out of focus to drive you out of your mind if you dwell on it . A 1080 , DTS-HD piece of dreck . Throw the distributor in the pit with the rest of the zombies . Ah , the joys of modern technology !
 This film is only being seen because it is on the B side of ` The Last Man On Earth ' DVD.The plot is somewhat reminiscent of Robert A. Heinlein 's ` Freeham 's Freehold ' about a family struggling to survive the aftermath of a nuclear holocaust . Unfortunately ` Panic In Year Zero ' gives us an apple pie family whom that the whole crucible far too casually.It is unclear id the Cleavers are traveling to or from LA as it explodes in a nuclear fireball , but dull old Dad decides to leave society altogether and live in a cave camp ground until this get back to normal . Both the nuclear destruction of LA and their father 's drastic plan do not faze the family in any way.While traveling they witness the collapse of society and order . The highways are filled with greedy merchants and hooligans . This too does not faze the family in any way as all these hardcore criminals are too easily defeated by Dad 's right hook and Junior 's warning gunshot.This is beyond absurd as in one scene Dad -- always smoking causally clears traffic by dowsing the busy highway with kerosene and flicking his cigarette on it . He has a new one lit by the next frame.Arriving at the camp ground the Cleavers also destroy its entrance and a bridge . Good thing the owners do n't mind . Living in a cave seems pretty good as they have heat , electricity , cigarettes and a beauty salon for Mom and Sis to keep their hair and makeup perfect . Hunting is easy as Dad and Junior simply roam the set shooting deer whom too conveniently cross their path . Butchering and preserving the meat is also not explained.A neighboring rape gang causes a climatic shootout . ` Panic In Year Zero ' has arguably the worst musical score ever , right up there with ` Danger ! Death Ray ' and ` The Firm . ' The 50s jazz of ` A Touch of Evil ' removes all feeling of danger or drama.This film was made for MST3K . No one is buying this film as it merely comes free with ` Last Man On Earth . ' Can we please have a law that ` I Am Legend ' can not be remade more than once a decade ?
 A family is outbound on vacation when a huge mushroom cloud is spotted over LA. . So , naturally , the first thing dad does is head back to town to check on grandma . Traffic is streaming out of the city , at times in both lanes , almost colliding with the family car . But dad plods on , and so does the plot , evolving into no more logic than that with which it started . But no one seems REALLY worried -- not about radiation , more bombs , invading troops , or even just who the hell is dropping nukes on the major urban centers of the U.S. or its allies . Nope , as dad has an epiphany and heads away from the nightmarescape of LA , he finds that people are more concerned with waiting periods for gun purchases and the price of gasoline . He risks life and limb in a fight over a pistol , yet viewers later learn that he has more than one shotgun in the family travel trailor . Teen son thinks it 's all a lark , and teen daughter believes it 's a drag . And thus the movie itself would be if there were n't a laugh waiting around every curve in the road . Accomplished actors Ray Milland and Jean Hagen play it straight , and unaccomplished actors Frankie Avalon and Mary Mitchel do what unaccomplished actors usually do . Teen idol does n't muss a hair of his plastic-looking pompadour , though , so maybe he did accomplish something .
 This movie is very mildly amusing for about ten minutes . Yes , it is slightly interesting to see the Cannes environment , but not enough to watch this film . It could be a cure for insomnia , though . Fans who are looking forward to seeing their favorite actors in a satire will be disappointed . You can count in seconds the amount of time any famous actor is on the screen , and it 's really just very boring . All those fans of Johnny Depp
 Really boring film . It is nothing but Hollywood insider humor -LRB- and most of that is nothing but petty bitchery -RRB- and cameos . If you like to see `` stars '' sitting around talking -LRB- blah , blah , blah -RRB- and think that is funny , by all means - this is the film for you .
 Though it gives a behind the scenes view of the Cannes Film Festival and the movie business , it is so not funny and sickenly cynical . The movie was so bad I felt myself losing intelligence just watching it ! Unbelievable.The only good scene is with Johnny Depp meditating and smoking with the director of Dead Man . The scene is funny , making fun at himself and the whole celebrity scene making it seem so bizarre.Note
 the movie title itself says a lot , the movie itself is a total scam , fools people to rent or to watch it . a horrible directing , script and performance . you 'd better jump off empire state building in the late afternoon if you feel bored than watching this brain-dean bad movie .
 The movie had a great start , the ending was really crappy . I think that it could of been done alot better .
 When you watch enough horror movies , it starts to become a bit of Six Degrees of Syfy Bacon . I watched , in order
 This has to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen . The protagonist is supposed to turn into a werewolf after receiving eyes transplanted from a wolf . You see , in the beginning of the movie our stalwart hero is blinded rescuing a co-worker . However , the werewolf never materializes.For a horror movie , it makes a great comedy . The plot and action are ridiculous . For about 20 minutes of the movie we see our hero running through the woods bare chested with a pack of wolves . I would rather have watched the incredibly talented and beautiful heroine in the movie , Tinsel Korey , running through the woods bare chested.Please do not waste your time and money on this absolute bore . It is almost as exciting as a speech by Barack Obama .
 This should have been called ` Spot the Werewolf & win a prize ' A Werewolf movie with no Werewolf . A lousy script . Justine Bateman was the only decent thing about it . If you see this DVD on the shelf - turn & walk quickly away .
 When you watch enough horror movies , it starts to become a bit of Six Degrees of Syfy Bacon . I watched , in order : Skeleton Man , Bone Eater , and Monster Wolf . Surely , I thought , if I closed my eyes and just picked a movie at random from my overstuffed Tivo list I would find a film that had nothing to do with white people getting in touch with their Native American spiritual side . I should have kept my eyes closed.Hybrid is obviously inspired by the shirtless spate of werewolves now common to theTwilight . But unlike theTwilightseries , or say , any other movie that involves werewolves , Hybrid has no special effects to speak of . But what it lacks in special effects , it makes up for with grainy stock footage of wolves . Seriously , fifty percent of this movie is just pictures of wolves biting , snarling , playing , and running . Sometimes they kill a buffalo.Theoretically , this is a science fiction film about `` cross-species organ transplants . '' When one scientist dares to challenge the logic of how this could possibly work , the response is `` of course such a thing is impossible , which is why it works ! '' See what they did there ? Clever , huh?Our hero Aaron Scates -LRB- Corey Monteith -RRB- is the transplant recipient , and it 's not long before he begins having wolf visions and wolf instincts , because it makes perfect sense that wolf eyes make you lupine . In between eating raw steaks and not wearing a shirt , Scates encounters museum curator Lydia Armstrong -LRB- Tinsel Korey -RRB- , who recognizes the eyes of the wolf she once tried to help . Armstrong is n't very good at helping anybody , wolf or man , and it 's not long before Scates is on the run again.A Special Forces team is tasked with hunting Scates down so that he may be properly exploited for scientific and military purposes . They need n't have bothered - Scates only hops around , growls , pants -LRB- yes , there is actually the sound of a dog panting when Scates runs through the forest -RRB- , and occasionally shows up with blood on his chest.Actors scream in terror to help make up for the fact that there 's nothing scary about Scates whatsoever , other actors try to pretend they care about capturing Scates , and wolves flash on the screen for minutes at a time . The ending is stultifying lame , with a record `` fade out '' exit of a main character . That 's right , he fades out of the scene.This movie is a real dog . Actually , it 's worse than that . It ` sThe Mountain Three Wolf Moon Shirtof werewolf movies .
 This movie started off on the right foot , with the whole eye transplant aspect . It had all the ingredients needed , but somewhere along the line , it 's like the director decided to make an entirely different movie ! Where are the WEREWOLVES ?! I kept sitting there waiting for the lycan aspect to kick in and ... NATHIN ' . Oh well , I 'll just pop my copy of Dog Soldiers in my DVD player ... now THAT 'S a werewolf movie !
 I watched it then sold it . Total waste of time and money . I would not recommend to anyone . This was probably one of the worst Maneaster movies I have seen .
 The film begins well , the idea is good , but on the way the writer and director are lost.If the writer had tried to make a science fiction movie or a thriller and not a horror movie , would have a great storyacting.I only recommend to view Cory Monteith act
 `` Other parts of the film are weak -- the film concentrates with an almost morbid fascination on long camera shots -- we watch a bus unload , a wall being built , and equipment preparing the land . It 's no doubt all relevant , but after a while , such prolonged study of the mechanics behind building the wall becomes tedious . `` The filmmaker probably went to the same school as Hussein Erkenov -LRB- `` 100 Days Before the Command '' -RRB- . Watching this movie is about as exciting as watching mildew form in real time , and just as pointless . I expected much more from the film . Very , very disappointed .
 This is yet another example of a completely biased view of the israeli/arab conflict . The movie claims that the wall is a barrier to peace and a land grab etc , it however does not mention the motivations for the barrier . There have been countless terrorist attacks into Israel over the past 40 years . The nature and extent of these attacks are gruesome and I dount any country faced with this on a daily basis would do anything less than build a wall -LRB- and probably do a lot more -RRB- . Israel , just like any other sovereign country , has a right to defend itself and the wall is completely justified . There has never been a state of palestine and so the claims that this is a land grab are complete fabrications .
 Whatever we want to say about Israel 's blood soaked foreign policy , it really does n't matter all that much next to the fact that innocent Israeli citizens are being killed . Yes , I know that innocent Palestinians are being killed as well , and they matter just as much . But the fact remains that Israel is the country with money to burn , so why not let them spend it on a wall . These two groups desperately need to be separated , and if the armchair solution of a wall is the only one that works then who are we to argue?That said I am unhappy to report that this film is an utter dud . It is a muted documentary on the building of a wall with the sole purpose of keeping the undesirables out . Simone Bitten , the director , seems pretty well set on filming every inch of the wall . Being driven by , walking by , or just standing near by this wall gets lots of face time . They also interview people and ask them their thoughts on the wall . Unfortunately , the only articulate people in this film are those who are reciting talking points . Of course the Israeli government is for the wall , that 's why they are building it , and I really do n't need their spin on why it 's not that bad for the environment . One interviewee takes his air time to whine about how it prevents him from meeting his neighbors . I know I am in the minority with my strong dislike of humanity , but seriously , who likes their neighbors ? In my experience they simply exist to call the cops on you when you have too many drunken friends over . I know that since `` Fahrenheit 9-11 '' there has been something of a backlash against Michael Moore type documentaries . No putting yourself on screen , no point of view , no fun . I personally do n't believe in any of those rules and this film is a perfect example why . Instead of those things , this film has long , pointless shots of nothing in particular -LRB- my favorite was of a tree -RRB- . The goal may have been to create a meditation on the building of this wall . But what I saw was 30 minutes of material , and 60 minutes of cutting room floor filler . And it really is a shame , because this film could have been so much more . What about a comparison to the US/Mexico dilemma now that the US wants to build a wall to keep their undesirables out ? Or more cold hard facts as opposed to the opinions of those involved . I also could have done without Israel 's justification for the wall that it will help property values . It just seemed out of touch considering how many people this conflict has killed.In the end , I feel as though Bitten was against the idea of the wall , but she left me unconvinced . If I became involved in a blood feud with a person my response would n't be to move into their garage and throw eggs at their house until they moved out . I would pack up and move across the country , thus creating a barrier between the two of us . It got so bad near the end that I started to envy those building the wall , because they at least were n't watching this clunker . * 3/4
 It 's funny cause it 's true.When I bought this film there was only two existing reviews , and both of those reviewers had rated it 5 stars and where raving about it . I thought that maybe this might be a modern exploitation gem . A day or so after I had already purchased the feature online I noticed that the 5 star rating that it once had , had suddenly and dramatically dropped sharply . Now there was four reviews about this film , only now these next two reviewers where rating it 1 star and warning people to stay away from it , while calling it a peice of dreck . If only I had waited an extra day or two , then I might of done the smart thing and researched this film a bit further before I committed to buying it . Still , it is pretty funny when you make a mistake of this kind in which there is a lesson to be learned about being too impulsive . Now I found myself stuck waiting for this product to arrive on my doorstep just to see which set of reviewers where going to be right . I guess at the very least , there was still some hope remaining at this point.Well , I 'm very sad to report to you , that all that remaining hope had melted away like a glob of icecream in a hot gutter , once the DVD did arrive , and I put it in the tray and pushed play.What I will never understand about modern low budget exploitation movie makers is their complete utter lack of common sense . It just seems so obvious to me that if you want to make an exploitation film that actually works , and you do n't have much of a budget or a professional production team backing you up , then you need to keep the story as concise and simple as possible . Some zany screw ball idea about some duel sexed wacky door to door demon with a huge wee wee that rapes MEN in the rear end over a pop song sound track , is only good for pointing your finger at and teasing . Worse still , is the waiting in between these corny assaults . It is then that you are stuck listening to the banter of a pack of unlikable next victim idiots who ca n't act , and are reading the dialogue of a person who ca n't write . This film does n't fallow a blue print for success , it only fallows a blue print to expose every single weakness of its amateur production team.Shades of Evil Dead and The Shining . No shades of glory.Basically you have these young med students who horse play with a bad drug and this evil arcane taped hypnosis session that one of them had found in some corner of the med school warehouse . This taped session is like the translation tapes in Evil Dead that invoke demons when you play it . In this case , a mad doctor seemed to have accidentally conjured up Satan and got two of his patients , -LRB- a man and a women -RRB- possessed in the process . At least I think they where patients of his , they sure looked crazy , but it 's hard to tell . My mind body and soul where already checked out of this stink bomb by this point . So now , after this arcane taped session gets played , this door to door silly Satan shows up as a naked chick and starts to make out with one of the unlikable male next victim idiots who ca n't act , and then like the pretty naked woman in room 239 of The Shining who before your eyes , turns into an old fossil covered in pizza cheese , our silly Satan turns into the male mental patient from the said arcane evil tape session , only now he is sporting a giant rubber willy . So , as the silly Satan attacks and chases people down freshly mopped hallways , the director plays one of his personal favorite pop songs as the back ground soundtrack rather then something that would of been actually menacing to back up the action . That 's it in a nut shell , that 's the high jinks you will be getting if you buy this DVD . A man raping another man like it is some prison shower scene . It 's like falling asleep and waking up a moment later only to find yourself in the pokey.The question is , now that I own this DVD , what do I use if for . I sure as heck wo n't be watching it again . I suppose if I find a short leg on a piece of furnature in my house , I can use this DVD to prop it up and even it out . Then again , this DVD is so absolutely wretched that maybe I should just break out the saw and get it over with by shorting a leg on something myself . I can always do what I did with the Sick Girl DVD that I wanted to get rid of last year , and stuff it into one of my coworkers stockings at Christmas time . The problem with that idea is , is that I do n't know anyone who 's been naughty enough all year round to deserve having to sit through this monstrosity . Maybe I will take the title of this DVD to heart , and turn it into a ninja star just in case someone creepy ends up knocking on my door . All I can tell you is that if you want to see a low budget oddity that is actually a good watch , then get a copy of Evil Aliens . And if you want to get a modern grizzly low budget exploitation shocker that does n't mess around and delivers the goods , then find yourself the South American gem I 'll Never Die Alone . If you do anything else in life , stay clear of this loser , it 's not worth the price of the disc that it 's printed on.This has been a Krakatoa 1883 public service announcement .
 I gave this one 2/5 because it does have some original ideas , otherwise I would have given it lower . The movie has a great idea going ... it 's just not implemented well ... or should I say , in a horror fashion . I know a lot of people in reviews like to say `` the ideas were n't implemented well '' but that 's really the only thing I could think . Bulbous , protruding phallus members belonging to homicidal maniacs ? Bring it on , I said . Unfortunately , this one has the vulgarity and nudity typical to most of my favorite horror movies , but not enough gore and too many alterations to make the reader try to feel the effects of whatever drugs these kids were on . So , while the film did n't `` bring it on , '' per se , it 'll definitely be one I 'll be thinking about in the near future ... so I 'll know what to avoid .
 Its funny just beacuase a director puts out a film that everyone in the genre loves -LRB- Easter bunny kill kill -RRB- then they think all of a sudden the guys a genius and everything he does is gold , I thought easter bunny was ok but it wasnt great , and it sickens me that directors like this get so much praise , i mean this movies about a mutated penis creature that haunts dreams it has no class , you may like this movie if you like penis . . ? but as a horror fan raised on Vincent price ect id appreciate that if someone is to be praised i dont have to see monster peninses in their films . . This is John waters class .
 This falls into the `` rubber reality '' category which I tend to like . `` The Machinist '' , `` The Jacket '' and `` Stay '' are amongst my favorite movies , but this outing is terrible . It is one of the ugliest , most stupid , most mean spirited movies I 've ever seen . Had it clocked in at one second more than its 78 minute running time I might have ended up sticking knitting needles through my eyes.The story revolves around a close knit group of college students . All but one takes a particular drug used in some infamous psychology experiment that went south . Weird things happen and people start dieing.This is gruesome and depraved . These are some of the most unlikeable people I 've ever seen in film . Why would anyone want to watch a movie where only one character is even mildly likable . They are almost all terrible actors as well . The one actor playing Sebastian is the best of the bunch but he 's such a disgusting individual I did n't care . And then there 's Vernon Wells . He was one of the chief bad guys in `` Road Warrior '' . Now , when he 's your `` draw '' name in a movie , and you can only afford him for two scenes , you know you 're in deep kimchi.Unless you 're an extreme masochist I would n't bother with this one .
 Please , Please listen to me , this movie promises everything and delivers absolutely NOTHING , if you want to be bored to tears and cry because you were tricked into buying this movie by a company that peddles out crap and calls it a movie as I was , then make the same mistake I did . I simply can not believe how deeply disappointed I was in this -LRB- MOVIE ? -RRB- . If i ever see another movie with '' a film by Chad Ferrin , you can bet your butt i wo n't be tricked again , or the words '' Vicious Circle Films . Seriously they advertised '' Graphic sex '' there was absolutely NOT one scene that was '' Graphic Sex '' If you want to watch someone with an obvious strap-on that was his mutant penis chase someone down a hallway then ignore my warnings and buy this piece of dreck . The only review i can give this movie is it 's a terrible waste of time and money . I 'm hard pressed to give it one star . Oh yes Breakingglasspictures.com had it 's name on it too , beware the lies and hype , oh wait , there was one or two scenes of full frontal female nudity . I always look for some redeeming value in a movie this one has 0 % redeeming value !!!
 Holly Mother of Mitra is this a big steaming pile of drug induced excrement or what?How I set through this is beyond me , I just keep thinking it would get better , after all there is plenty of sex and gore and more sex you do n't want to see all mixed up in a big sorry pitiful excuse for a movie . Save your time or fast forward to the good parts because this movie sucks .
 It 's so obvious that someone 's trying to make a statement about the use of drugs , that I wondered if the movie was financed by the DEA.Two minutes of alright gore & shock ; , but that 's it.It 's something you could show in schools to scare the little kids but it 's NOT A GOOD MOVIE.Big regrets I bought this one .
 Dont believe the hype.As a person who has always been bored with mainstream entertainment.I 've always sought out taboo subjects and titles.THIS is just garbage , plain and simple.A bunch of idiots running around , tryin to make something out of nothing.Kinda reminds me of another wasteful title ... `` The heart is deceitful above all things '' . If your really looking for something , `` out there '' , thats actually gon na take you for a ride that you 'll probably remember for the rest of your life.I totally recommend
 i have always dug cedric the Entertainer , but his films are usually pretty run of the mill . Cedric is a Good Comedian , but He gets stuck in 3rd rate type of films that often aside from a few catchy punch lines and phrases or something are almost done as soon as the film starts . this film is another in a line of his films where the story-line was n't that much to begin with and I lost interest early on . the chicks in this Film were banging , but the film itself I say just skip beyond a couple of parts .
 This movie should be erased from existence . All mention of it needs to be wiped from the human consciousness . There is not one redeeming quality to it . Cedric the less-than-entertaining is so comidically bad that you might think you 'd like to see this train wreck just to witness his lack of talent . You 'd be wrong . It would be better to deliberately mash your fingers in a drawer repeatedly while slamming your face into the desk top than to see this movie .
 Ever since Cedric the Entertainer burst upon the scene with his critically acclaimed , scene-stealing performance in the original `` Barbershop , '' no filmmaker has quite figured out how best to harness the considerable talents of this longtime stand-up comic . In the years since that film was released , C the E has appeared in one monumental turkey after another , with his latest endeavor , `` Code Name
 Pathetic The Entertainer is proof that you cant fix stupid . The movie about an average guy who thinks he is a spy is so stupid its shameful . There is probably one scene where he does this funny dance and thats it . The rest of this movie is chittlin circuit comedy at its worst . Pathetic the Entertainer is about as funny as the psychos who defend this clown with blind fanaticism . He is a comic not an icon so get a hold of yourselves and see this minstrel clown for the punk sellout he is and not the role model you want him to be ! STOP SUPPORTING MINSTREL THEATRE !
 I was the head of a neighborhood block watch and so I thought this movie could have a positive impact to the neighbors that participated . It was a far fetched movie , low budget film and I wouldl n't recommend it to anyone . SORRY !!!
 This is not a horror movie . The only purpose of this movie is to glorify human torture and find ways to gross you out . However , there is nothing in the movie that is terrifying or scary . It is a typical 2000 horror movie that relies on the gratuitous use of human suffering to drive its plot instead of even trying to use atmosphere , inventive writing and good acting to scare you . This movie is a take off of Hostel in which the bad guy goes around torturing other people until you are so repulsed by the human suffering that you wish someone would just kill the poor victims and put them out of their misery.However , this movie goes a step further and pulls its villain from The Young Poisoners Handbook . The bad guy is so slimy that he will not even come face to face with his victims and instead poisons them . If you like catching kittens and watching the effects of different poisons on them , then buy this movie.The victims -LRB- A young married couple -RRB- , throughout the entire movie , are to stupid to figure out that the guy they 've caught trying to poison them earlier in the movie is making them sick later in the movie . You get to see the victims swell up from poison oak , poop all over themselves after given horse laxatives -LRB- Yummy -RRB- , pee blood , vomit and have their skin start flaking and peeling off . If you like seeing various bodily fluids , especially feces , then please buy this movie.Finally , the acting is ok and the atmosphere is non-existent . No scares just bodily fluids and human suffering .
 I purchased this film based on other reviews and recommendations . To say the least , I was greatly disappointed . I love horror and suspense and this film delivered neither . The acting is sub-par and the story line , while based on a simple premise , does not deliver any form of hook to draw the viewer in . FOr the the effects , I will give this one a OK on the gross factor . If you have to see it , I 'll sell you my copy , CHEAP .
 This may be the most disturbing film of all time . Disturbing because film making has come to this . Possibly the worst film I have ever seen . Anyone involved with this movie should be banned permantely from being in front of , behind of , or around a camera . They shouldn `` t even be allowed to sell cameras . This movie could be used instead of waterboarding .
 filmed on a $ 3 dollar budget and they got change back from that . Cant desribe how terrible a movie this is . The only reason there is to buy this is to burn it and get rid of the evidence that it ever existed . STAY AWAY !!!!!!!!!!!
 NAVY SECRETS -LRB- 1939 -RRB- Directed by Howard Bretherton.Starring Fay Wray , Grant Withers , I Stanford Jolley and RobertFrazer.When the plans for the US Navy 's range finder go missing , it is up toNaval Intelligence to recover them . However exactly who is doing therecovering and for whom is not quite clear as a mysterious woman anddumb petty officer spend a night on the town flirting shamelessly andmeeting various persons both annoying and shady.A film that is hard to discuss in any detail without revealingimportant plot points . However the following is safely said .1 -RRB- This is a Monogram film and all that means is present here and yetthis is still an above average effort by the studio that , in spite of aweak center , turns out to be a very respectable little espionage filmthat should more than satisfy the fan of both the genre and movies ofthis period .2 -RRB- Though the direction is usually uninspired , every now and then , thedirector pulls a nice bit of moodly lighting or on location shot thatpleasantly surprises . The dialogue -- though striving mightily to beclever -- is frequently lumpy and badly delivered and yet still has theoccaisional bit of intelligence indicating SOMEBODY knew somethingabout the subject at hand . There are lines near the end referencingthe Brooklyn Navy Yard and Manila that add a nice bit of versimilitude .3 -RRB- Though the spy ring is probably meant to be German , they aregeneral enough that they could be working for anyone . Reds , Italians , Spain . Anyone .4 -RRB- Though liberals insist that , before Feminism , political correctnessand the 60s came along to raise the great unwashed from the mire , womenwere portrayed as all being helpless and inferior , the fact is , as witheverything liberal , it is simply not true . As this film is a glaringlyobvious example . True film historians take note . This is requiredviewing .5 -RRB- The film is a real showcase for Fay Wray in a role miles away fromAnn Darrow . Not only is she superb giving probably her greatestperformance but she easily carries the film . Wray fans needs to seethis film.All the above in mind . An above average Monogram is still aboutaverage when compared to other studios.However this was enjoyable and gets a recommendation .
 The film opens with some horrible first person narration to build a story . Queen Pin -LRB- Rhanni -RRB- becomes the mistress of a drug dealer . When he gets busted , she goes to jail too for being a bad actress , a crime in Jacksonville . Once out she wants to build her `` own organization '' so she can start her own record label , although I could n't figure out why she needed her own record label . She mostly spends her disposable income on clinging clothes that make her look chunky.As a new drug dealer in town , she steps on the toes of the existing one . The writing was cliche and the dialouge was terrible . The actors could n't deliver their lines with any kind of realism . One of the guys had the nickname `` Killer . '' The only thing Gin X accomplished was to make 50 Cent look like a genius , and I did n't think that was possible.F-bombs , n-words , sex , no nudity .
 Never seen a film that was 10 minutes introducing itself . Also was made out of focus and colored most of the time in sepia . Should have award for poor everthing.Best thing about this film is the dvd cover .
 How far these once fine actors have fallen to have `` starred '' in this bombshell!This has to be the cheapest made movie i have ever watched ! The story line sucked , it did n't wrap up what story there even was . It was just awful ! The `` special effects `` and i use the term loosely , were pitiful . Do n't waste your time or money on this one .
 The special features more than made up for the lack of plot , directing , acting and cinemetography . This is by FAR the WORST movie I have EVER seen !! The only reason I even give two stars is the cast interviews are friggin HILARIOUS ! The actors take it so serious ! I feel bad for em , but it is soo funny ! You could tell they actually thought they were in a real movie . They must have felt like bad when they actually saw it . Seriously , a junior high skit would be better . Only watch if you are stoned .
 I bought this movie because I like Kevin Sorbo and the premise sounded good.Boy was I wrong ! This movie was just horrible . I do n't know how it was filmed but it sucked . Michael Pare looked horrible and the whole storyline was awful . A woman talked for over 20 minutes telling you the story while you just saw some of the actors just standing there saying stupid lines and it was like a very bad comic book effect.Kevin Sorbo was trying to play his part as comedy but it was terrible . I did like seeing Lee Horsley from the Sword and Scorcerer movie , but even he could n't save this movie.The whole plot was dumb and even some nudity did n't help.Don ' t waste your money buying this movie . I really hope Kevin Sorbo makes better movie choices in the future . He 's better than this fiasco !
 I could not even get through the first half hour , do not even bother unless you are into cheezy b rated films was not expecting much and got less
 Could n't remember what the plot was , and so I spent some money to buy Car Wash. ooOH what a mutt of a movie . The acting was lame the soundtrack s-cked . It might have been good in the day , but it did n't survive the test of time . Save your money , it does n't pay to buy this piece of -- .
 My nephew worked a part time job at a car wash down yonder in the Sunshine state of Florida . I sent the Dvd to him as a gag gift . By the time it arrived at his home he had already moved on up to a job with a dry cleaners , standing on the corner while wearing a clown suit and waiving at the passing cars . The pay sucks , but he gets to take the clown suit home . Nice , eh?His father told me he 's trying to land still another job . He was n't clear about the details -- something about a shovel and elephants .
 I give this movie a 2 because although I do n't own it , I 've seen it a few times and am glad to see it out on DVD . However , with no Dolby Digital 5.1 soundtrack or even stereo , it does n't seem worth buying the DVD version . Is the VHS version also in mono ?
 I purchased this primarily because of George Carlin 's , Richard Pryor 's and Irwin Corey 's names . I was very disappointed . I did not laugh . It 's as simple as that . Not funny . But I would have always wondered , had I not seen it .
 Once again I 've got disappointed with the service Amazon provided me.Although I have bought the product and followed all the instructions , for some unknown reason the product arrived at the destinatio delayed and my friend , who was supposed to receive it , had already left the hotel.Considering that I live in Brazil - quite far from you - you can imagine how frustrated I got when I realized i would not watch the DVD.So far i have not received any reimburse for my purchase , delivered delayed not by my fault.Antonio Carlos Barros
 This is perhaps one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . Unless you like losing precious time in your life , do n't bother with this movie .
 Carwash is a classic film in its own genre . However , the DVD version is cut . If you watch the Television broadcast version -LRB- Such as on BET
 Several scenes were either left out or chopped in this version . The bickering couple running the hamburger stand next to the lot was cut out.The end of the scenes of the son of the owner saying good bye to the employees and the receptionist finding out the customer she thought she had a date with was actually setting her up with a buddy , were chopped off . Those scenes may not have been critical to the story line but were humorously well done and I miss them .
 I HATE this cut up version !! I miss the Danny Devito scene , as well as the ending -LRB- the blind date sequence -RRB- . Where can I purchase the Original Car wash , the one I saw in the theater ? Can someone out there tell me .
 Not very interesting to me , maybe I need to start it over and watch the whole movie ; then give a review .
 Spoilers included below ... The story is divided in to 3 parts . First the good : It starts with Alexa the female lead ... I will admit her story was a good start that peaked my interest . She plays the eager overachiever that just does n't fit in with the cool kids despite being fairly attractive and super intelligent . She just is n't cool . Her dream is to act . A visting famous actor stops by school and sees her scene with cool kid bad boy Johnny ... after the scene the actor tells Johnny he is great but really ignores Alexa . She begs him for time after class to discuss her craft and he tells her she was n't convincing because she has dared to step out of her box -LRB- always a straight student , who make the right choice but never really lived to convey the emotion -RRB- . So Alexa takes his challenge and dares to step out of her comfort zone . Like I said I liked her story and it got me interested.Then the bad ... The next story in Ben . He appears to be in love with his best friend Alexa and is jealous of Johnny ... but within his 30 minute story he completely changes and decides he is in love with Johnny and is jealous of Alexa ... it an abrupt change that does n't really explore any of the difficulties of someone determining they are gay or bi . It also was done in such a way that was neither erotic or even interesting ... Finally we have Johnny 's story ... at first he just appears to be the rich bad boy but in his story it appears that more than anything he is looking for family , friends , and love but he does n't know how to get it . While this is a compelling topic , it is handled so poorly . For story that treads on the edges of sexual and erotic as well as have very serious issues and deep story , the movie misses both . The actors have plenty of clothes on action but cut away before we get too erotic and the deeper themes are handled poorly ... a completely forgettable movie in the end
 I will admit I searched out this movie only to see more of Rooney Mara 's work . She does n't have a big role as the best friend of headliner Emmy Rossum but she 's just fine . The other surprise is Zach Gilford from the TV series `` Friday Night Lights '' . The movie essentially attempts to add a serious spin on high school sexuality where a group of friends ca n't quite figure out if they like girls or boys ... or both . I 'm not sure I buy the premise but hey what do I know . Yes , there 's lots of talk and clothes-on action , but when the rubber meets the road , the cast and filmmakers cop out . I do n't ever remember this movie being in theaters and I can certainly see why .
 It was sort of a weird movie . I did not like how the end just abruptly ended . I still do n't quite get what was going on with Johnny . I wo n't say it was bad , but I also wo n't say it was good .
 First off let me begin by saying two things :1 . I 've been a rabid Bob Dylan fan for most of my life .2 . I 've been an avid Scorcese fan for most of my life.Too bad this documentary is a flop . Mostly it 's far too long , and covers more of the era and the other bands surrounding Bob Dylan at the time than the actual man himself . The pace of the documentary is awful , and I could hardly believe the director 's name when I read it.The segements about Woodie Guthrie are interesting , and the concerts where Dylan was booed because he 'd gone all `` hippie '' was a neat addition.Other than that , it gives most fans nothing that they really want to see ... which is perhaps a more intimate look at the man behind the legend , not the era surrounding the legend . And perhaps that is how Dylan and Scorcese wish to leave the legacy.A legend rather than a hardknock story.If you want to watch a truly entertaining documentary check out `` Do n't Look Back '' . That one is mentioned briefly in `` No Direction ... '' and though it 's only shot on one of his many tours , it serves as a more entertaining experience.Also I recommend picking up `` Chronicles by Bob Dylan '' . It pretty much covers the same stuff as this documentary , but it 's told by the man himself . And despite all of his `` experimenting '' , he 's actually a pretty good writer .
 This is a long documentary from a vastly over rated director that only covers the initial discovery of a rising star . The pic is good in that it shows how Dylan evolves his music from a amateur Woody Guthrie imitation to polished professional , discovering in himself a talent for word play , a fixation with a certain rough edge sound and a desire to express his music only the way he likes.But it covers only the first decade and a half of his long career , which for youngsters like me - for whom his lexigraphy is already firmly entrenched in legend - omits the musically better , albeit not most influential , portion of his career . It stops in 1966 . When I grew up , Dylan 's folk tunes were already the wisdom of the ages
 It 's hard to tell which is more confusing - this terribly unfocused rambling documentary or its insufferable subject . Bob Dylan has always struck me as nothing more than a very coy businessman . With a few exceptions -LRB- Tangled up in Blue , Shelter from the Storm -RRB- , his music is quite feeble in terms of melodic composition , lyrics and actual performance . This documentary , like many of Dylan 's sheep fans , confuses pretentiousness with profundity . I gave it two stars for the backround scenery in the old film footage .
 If only the folks who made A Mighty Wind had been able to watch this self aggrandizing train-wreck for inspiration . It is much stranger and even sometimes slightly funnier -LRB- especially when Joan Baez immitates Dylan and some guy dressed like Crocodile Dundee pontificates about his genius -RRB- , but in the end it is little more than mire for wallowing in or fodder for satire . The folkies come off as naive and self-centered , the rockers come off as sophomoric and insulated.On the plus side , it was kind of fun -LRB- for an old fan -RRB- to see Dylan as a young man playing his electric guitar and braying into a microphone in front of a top notch combo of pop musicians , but after a while all the syrupy interviews and congratulatory tales of his genius and all the glances at his face peering out of the darkness pontificating about what amounts to marginalia at best , just get too tedious.Shorten this movie to 87 minutes -LRB- most of it concert footage -RRB- and it might have been something special , as it is ... well , it beats A Mighty Wind -LRB- by about 2 1/2 hours -RRB- . If anyone needed further proof that Dylan was just a pop-star and Martin Scorcese was an over-rated one-note film maker , this is it .
 I ca n't believe this is only offered in fullscreen and not a widescreen version . I realize they aired this on television , but there must be a fullscreen version coming out . I 'm waiting until there is . I have a large screen tv and I want to take full advantage of it . Plus , fullscreen sucks , you lose so much of the picture .
 I was so disappointed with this documentary . Why does it only go through the late 60s ? Dylan has THIRTY more years of his career , which is ENTIRELY ignored in the film . Martin Scorsese made this ? What ? Oh how the mighty have fallen . To me , the most interesting part of Dylan 's career was when he turned his back on all the folk music/hippy nonsense and got real , real weird - but you wo n't see any of this in this clunker . Avoid .
 Bob Dylan thinks putting out of movie of him talking is supposed to be cool ? Granted there are some performances but its all in black and white !!! And sometimes there 's no band , just him and his boring guitar and harmonica . He does n't even try to solo . I 've seen much better rock performances by the likes of Dokken , Ratt , or Poison -LRB- take your pick -RRB- . At least these newer bands look like they 're trying to have fun . Bob Dylan just mopes and poses but never rocks out . Funny thing is people just seem to gobble this suff up . Sometimes there 's no accounting for taste : -LRB-
 The first third of this film was fascinating , with great clips of Hank Williams , Odetta and Woody Guthrie as well as some great stories about Dylan 's very early years . Unfortunately , the film does n't go past the middle 60 's . In fact , there is far more general documentary of the 60 's than there is of Dylan or his music . This film gets bogged down in the 60 's and the points that are raised about Dylan in this period could have been made in one third of the screen time . The film does n't even go through Blonde on Blonde , and says nothing about all of the fascinating turns in Dylan 's music that have taken place over the last 35 years . And the film ends by re-stating the `` great myth of the motorcycle accident '' . If you were hoping , as I was , for a retrospective of Dylan 's long and richly varied musical life , you will be disappointed by this film . And I have to say that I feel the films of the period -LRB- such as `` do n't look back '' -RRB- paint a far more vivid look at the young Dylan of the mid-60 's . If you are interested in Dylan 's music , go to the recorded legacy . There are also some good bio 's out , notably `` Behind the shades '' , which exhaustively discusses all periods of Dylan 's music until the publishing date -LRB- late 80 's or early 90 's . -RRB- I feel that the most interesting questions that one might ask of an artist like Dylan would concern his current musical interests and his working band . And I feel that this director indulged himself in making yet another tedious montage of the 60 's . You can find far more interesting films on that subject .
 Dylan plays the same old cat and mouse game during this movie . He give out no new information and ignores most major things we all want to know about . For example , we never hear a thing about his wife Sara or his extremely heavy drug use.A lot of this movie is a fraud to make Dylan out to be some mythical hero . For example , booing is inserted into many parts where no audio of it exist . The famous `` Judas '' scream is made to look like it was screamed as soon as Dylan came out on stage witht the band when it really came before the last song of the show . Also they talk about a controversial speech Dylan gave , but never mention the controversial part where he talks about how he could see himself in the man that killed John F. Kennedy.Even with the people who put this movie together trying very hard to make Dylan come across as a Christ figure we see cracks in that shell . We see Dylan being arrogant to fans and reporters while oozing with a very hateful hipper-than-thou attitude . Through all this though the movie wants us to feel sorry for Dylan which is hard to do because his drug and party habits are what caused him to burn out.Overall , besides the concert footage this movie is a drag .
 I received this item BRAND NEW for Christmas and the tabby things that hold the DVD in place are broken . I 'm going to try to get a new , undamaged copy , but we shall see ...
 This DVD was of very bad quality . It keep flickering and stopping until it just completely froze . I had to remove it from the player and watch another movie . I was very disappointed because this was going to one of my classic Halloween movies .
 Hey , I love those B&W ; `` B '' movies , but this one should be called the scorpion with no tail ! It starts out with some good tension and what looks to be some good character development . Then we get some preposterous situations . The punch to this movie is the awful special effects ! They should have left out the stupid close-ups of the drippy-mouthed scorpion ! I lost track of how many times they showed that SAME close-up , and it never matched the rest of the scene that was occurring at the time . Hello editor ! I guess I was supposed to be so busy screaming with horror that I would n't notice how cheesy it was . Sorry , I was too busy falling asleep on this dog!Get `` Them '' or `` The Lost World '' or `` The War of the Worlds '' -LRB- or even `` The Blob '' if you can handle cheesy special effects with a decent plot and decent characters -RRB- .
 When I saw this was available , I immediately ordered . I remember when I was watching this on a 12 1/2 Admiral TV.As I recall you could buy it at a Texaco station at a discounted price.The sound has held up fine . The video is a failure . Instead of being B&W ; , it is Grey & White . It is impossible to see anything.This was a real disappointment . Apparently no attempt was made to improve the video
 I 'd been looking for this movie for quite some time , being a fan of Bill Pullman 's for years . As excited as I was to get it , I was totally let down by the actual film . Ant and Dec are fine in their roles . The acting was decent enough , if not a bit schlocky at times.Decent acting , if not a bit forced , but shoddy plotting . The movie gets lost in its own joke at times and never really seems to find its way back . Not worth it even for a laugh if you 're looking for a quality comedy . If you want something B-list , well , this may be for you , but I would mostly advise you to skip this one.The real problem is the content . I feel like this is a hoax movie -LRB- which it sort of sets out to be and is about -RRB- and I can not tell when the wool is being pulled over my eyes or what I should believe to be the truth . The whole film seems to get drowned in the story that is totally over the top and almost entirely unbelievable , and not in a good way -LRB- perhaps that 's what should make us think all that stuff really did happen -RRB- . Seeing as the plot is based on a true story , I find it hard to believe that all of what happened actually happened and my enjoyment of the film was decreased as a result . It started out fine , but as the movie progresses and events get more out of hand , the believabilty factor decreases to the point where I could not suspend disbelief . Maybe I 'm just taking the film too literally , but I was far from impressed or amused most of the time .
 `` To thy audience be true '' should be Frank Langella 's motto . Then he would n't make movies like this ! He 's boring , the movie 's predictable and has a central character named on the DVD cover 's back . Heck , it has the storyline if you look at the pictures clockwise . I 'll save the suspense and use the pence -LRB- penny . -RRB- If you REALLY have to have THE CALLER then buy the USED for ONE PENNY plus tax and tags . That brings the tab up to around THREE DOLLARS.I wished to see what Langella was like in a 21st century film . He 's still handsome , has `` those lips , those eyes '' and will forever -LRB- at least in photos . -RRB- If this one is any indication of what the others are then NO Langella ever again for me ! He 's best known for DRACULA from his stage play of the same name . His class films began in DIARY OF A MAD HOUSEWIFE , THE 12 CHAIRS , Twelve Chairs , THOSE LIP-THOSE EYES , SPINX , anything in the 1980-90 's . Perhaps he should remain on the stage . He recently portrayed `` Thomas More '' in A MAN FOR ALL SEASONS . Langella was acclaimed for his stage work and just now was an Academy award `` Best Actor '' nominee . He made films for money , had fun on stage and won numerous awards there . Was he A MAN ONLY FOR THE 20TH CENTURY?If you 're looking for a great film to buy , look for Timothy Dalton on Amazon and buy his . They are ALL great and his Bond brought out the tears and grit first . He admires Daniel Craig for taking up where he left off . `` Nobody does it better ... than Timothy Dalton then Daniel Craig . ''
 I got this because the principal actors are so excellent . But the movie is so slow and boring with so many half-hearted plot elements I could hardly watch it .
 From what I have read here in the other reviews is becomes clear that some people are easily entertained ... This film is just the thing for those of you whose idea of an exciting outing consists of watching the grass grow or watching the mail being delivered . . The plot has holes in it the size of the entrances to the Lincoln tunnel , the acting is just OK , and the alledged `` lessons '' learned from this awful film are obvious and should be as familiar to us as looking both ways before crossing the street , or not plugging in the electric toaster while standing in a tub of water ... The plot , such as it is , has already been outlined several times here so I wo n't bother about doing it again ... I will , however , say that in my opinion this is the sort of film that actors and actresses do because they need to pay the bills until something better comes along . . Further , there is a reason why this film never played at your local cinema palace , and that reason is that the exhibitors themselves previewed it beforehand and knew that it would never , under any circumstance , sell enough tickets to pay for itself ... You have been warned ...
 This was a very poor document . I had met the swami that takes you all over , and spent some time with him . He is a complete fake with a huge ego problem.This documentary is an embaresment to Hinduism and the Kuhmba Mela . They only showed one true saint in this documentary and that was Ammachi.There were far more true saints there that could have been shown.There were true Guru 's there . True renunciantes and holy men.Instead , they showed ego driven teachers , false prophets , and naked men begging for attention by stretching and pulling things with their penises.How enlightening can that be ?
 India has a glorious history of Spiritual traditions . Its spiritual culture has given rise to numerous saints and sages since the beginning of time , through millenia , down to the present age . In return these saints and sages have enriched the spiritual traditions.The origins and perpetuation of such mass gatherings are rooted in search for true spiritual upliftment . What the makers of this documentary have done is to pick a few sensational events that are not at all normal , and are sometimes freakish , only to appeal to the curiosity of Westerners . It is just one other case of Westerners making documentaries for Westerners on an Eastern matter and showing the sensational aspects rather than the true longing for salvation in the hearts of the multitudes . It all boils down to how to market the sensational aspects of a spiritual tradition to make more money!This is not what the true Kumbha Mela is about . I know of no other system in this entire world which can bring about a cessation of suffering -- in all of its forms , physical , emotional , mental and spiritual -- in the lives of human beings , as do the combined teachings of Yoga . All of which have been flourishing since time immemorial on the spiritual soil of India . The Kumbha Mela is but one event in the longing of man to attain salvation from the abysmal suffering inherent in these rounds of birth and death.If you are like me and are seeking material to inspire yourself in your pursuit of Truth and Liberation , I advise you to save your dollars and spend it elsewhere such as buying some good book or DVD on yoga . I advise you to save your time as well and cook yourself a wholesome meal rather than watch this flawed documentary of an otherwise uplifting gathering for the multitudes of seekers .
 Shortcut to Nirvana is interesting but on the whole disappointing.The idea of following four westerners -LRB- one an ex-pat Indian -RRB- around the Maha Kumbh Mela is a good one , but very quickly two of them are sidelined and the other two go round together accompanied by Swami Krishnanand as guide and interpreter.The two sidelined might have proved interesting , the Indian Jaspal was there as a pro photographer though we saw none of his pictures , the stills we saw were credited to the film-makers . The other girl Vanessa Ramos also seemed to be making her own video , again we see no footage.Thw soundtrack of Indianised techno became obtrusive , at one point they visit a Baba who is singing out a rhythm and we see Indian women dancing themselves into a trance and state of collapse at his feet . Instead of letting this curious scene play out they bring in a techno soundtrack have the cmera jump around and even put in effects which renders the whole thing ridiculous . This is not a one off as the same thing happens when another baba begins dancing and we see lay people jumping over flails and other acrobatic feats.The high point of the festival , the royal bath , barely merits any screen time , and much of that is the pilgrims bathing.The set pieces of the film seem to be chosen for either the obvious curiousity value or ill thought out . I have been to a Kumbh Mela and there is a lot more interesting things happening . Nothing is shown of the initiations of the naga babas which only take place at the Kumbh Mela.There is no commentary to the film , no information , and so nothing much is learned.On the whole it seems a missed opportunity . I wonder whether the other 3000 hours of footage contain a better film .
 Short Cut to Nirvana , lacks proper research about the grand Hindu Festival , it is purely sensationalized . It misses the basic essence of calmness , devotion of people going to the Ganges River , rather it focuses on exotic and naked sadhus . I also watched the other film on Kumbh called Kumbh Mela
 This film has no depth . It barely skims the surface of Kumbh Mela -- and that , from a naive , outsider 's perspective . It focuses merely on the sensational , and in so doing , exoticizes Kumbh Mela and the people partaking in it . Moreover , the slow-motion scenes and music were so melodramatic , it almost seemed like a parody -LRB- especially the scene with the trance-dancing girl -RRB- !
 I was n't too impressed with this film . It was hyped up quite a bit when it came out , but I do n't think it delivered . It seemed to be , basically , a small bunch of wide-eyed naive Westerners being led around by a young swami of dubious character . He showed them all the crazy far-out gurus and swamis and guys who stretch out their genitals , etc. . I think that had the filmmakers known their subject matter a little better the film would have been much better . Instead we are experiencing a proxy version of these young astonished , but ultimately ignorant , foreigners ' quasi-religious carnival ride . It also seemed to wander around in it 's subject matter . By the end I was just glad to be able to move on to watch something else . Also , why did someone tag this film with `` Bhutan '' ?
 Shortcut to Nirvana : If you are looking for the sensational aspect of mystic India , this is perhaps a good movie to watch . I was dissappointed ! This film fails to capture the spiritual intent and solemnity of the Kumbh Mela . Pilgrims eagerly look forward this rare festival for spiritual reasons ! These `` other diversions '' are meant to inspire us to move beyond the material limitations . The story line of the film was weak and failed to inspire many of those who watched it with me .
 Ok , I had really high expectations for this film , thinking it was going to document the Kubh Mela , but it does n't really . This film does give a over view of the festival but it really documents a few westerners being lead around by a painfully goofy `` swami '' . The makers of this film really stuck to alot of the over the top antics that can be found on the surface of such a gathering . Again , if this was a in debth documentry of the festival it would have been much better . The true high lights of this film are H.H. . The Dalai Lama as well as the bonus interviews with the featured teachers that are minutely woven through out this film . If you buy this -LRB- or rent it -RRB- do n't miss the bonus stuff at the end , its basic dharma stuff which could have been much better if the interviewer knew what they were doing but a few of the interviews are really wonderful if just to see the love and open hearts of a few great teachers .
 I AM CONSTANTLY BUYING WORKOUT DVDS . EVERY ONCE IN A WHILE , I BUY ONE IN WHICH I AM DISAPPOINTED , BUT USUALLY I AM STILL ABLE TO DO IT TO SOME DEGREE . THIS ONE IS TERRIBLE . SHE IS ALMOST NEVER IN TIME WITH THE MUSIC , WHICH IS CRUCIAL TO DANCING . ALSO , HER COUNTING IS RIDICULOUS . SHE IS ALL OVER THE PLACE & HAS NO RHYTHM BY WHICH TO INSTRUCT . I WILL NEVER DO THIS !!! I AM A DANCER & I AM TELLING ANYONE WHO IS LOOKING FOR DANCE TO FOREGO THIS ONE . JUST AWFUL !!!
 Boring and the Girl Dj in the back was n't really playing records . . Just seem the setup was fake . . Dance moves was n't that great !
 I was expecting real aerobics . I did n't even sweat . I was really disappointed . Use it if you want to exercise without sweating .
 Really not much of a workout at all . Very slow paced and very little aerobic stamina or strength required . Glad I only rented it .
 Beautiful scenery and certainly a topic of our interest . Tourist vacation souvenir aptly describes this DVD . The narration fails a professional standard ; text clearly read with occasional lapses of grammar with a voice sounding much like a teenager rather than one of a well-modulated professional . The package of picture and narration disappoints although the pictures are interesting . At the end of the DVD my guests were more happy that it was over than excited by the act of having seen something beautiful . A bit amateurish was one comment I received .
 Most of the reviews of this DVD are positive so all I can say is buy with care . The quality of the images is only fair , though the subject matter is wonderful . There is much repetition , particularly in the humped back whale section . The narrator sounds like he/she is reading from a prepared script without much preparation . As one reviewer put it - `` it sounds amateurish '' . You may want to look at DVDs made by the National Geographic Society or Alaska Geographic as well as others available from Amazon .
 Absolutely the WORST video I 've ever seen ! It should not be sold on Amazon as I 've bought countless DVD 's from this site . We have a HD projector with a 92 '' screen and the quality of this video is horrendous ! The color was gray , out of focus and worse than the VHS tapes we had transferred to DVD . I was so frustrated with this video both for the picture quality and the narration that it was turned off before it was 1/3rd seen . We have some beautiful DVD 's both Blue Ray and HD which present Alaska in it 's best form . Nothing I 've ever seen was as discusting as this DVD . I 'm sure it is n't even the lowest resolution for HD . It should be dumped in the nearest trash can.I would n't want anyone to think that the beautiful state of Alaska looks like this DVD . We lived in South Central as well as South Eastern , have taken the state ferry through the inside passage and the scenery is unsurpassed . Too bad this DVD was ever made as it is an insult to our most beautiful state . I STRONGLY recommend that you delete it from your inventory!Bonnie Loberg
 Everything Little bear wrote reflect my reaction to this video . I could n't have said it any better . Waste of time and money . I would return it , but since I would only get half my money back , I will keep it for my 8-12 year old grandchildren as it is at their level of intelligence .
 This video is worthless ! The information regarding the vidio is maybe ok but it does not tell you any locations & the video quality is antequated . I would not recomend buying this at all . Save your money & time & buy a book.Nick
 To me this is a waste of time more on the level for kids and I would not recommend this DVD !!!
 Stupidly , I bought this dvd , without realising it only plays American , so I ca n't watch it , in future , i 'll make damn sure I ONLY buy the dvd I CAN WATCH ?
 O. M. Goodness ! I 'm generally a positive and cheerful consumer of all kinds of movies , not given to being overly critical . I have also never written a screenplay much less produced and directed one . I have , however , seen my share of movies , both good and bad , and I have to say that this is not a movie . Really not . Sorry.The ` acting ' can not by any stretch of the imagination be called acting . The lines are delivered in a stilted way after a long pause . Often one character will say something , and then the camera hiccups and the scene continues with a slightly changed posture . It 's very choppy . It 's almost as if the actors needed to stop filming after every line , and they do n't know how to get back into the right position before picking up again . Camera angles are also clumsy and choppy , with way too many cuts and start-stops . The weak story is delivered in monotone with no continuity or exposition . The whole unlikely thing takes place in a very tacky house , supposedly in the Caribbean , but you 'd never know that from this exercise.Positive things
 There are no subtitles in this film -- written and spoken language is Japanese !!! I speak and read English and French.The film has the appearance of a badly colorized , old-old-old , badly edited , deteriorating , fuzzy , black-and-white film.This was an unappealing lost of $ 3.99 and a jolting deflation of my expectations .
 Typical tale of witchcraft , some college kids dig up a few corpses -LRB- to identify the DNA -RRB- , the witch takes over their bodies and turns the rest into ghouls . A few are left to fight against her , helped out by a mysterious guy who knows the secret of the witch . But none of that really matters.I do n't mind if somebody wants to rip off the hand-held camcorder style of Blair Witch , but puh-leeze , let there be some reason for it . Not only is there no reason for it here , but all the scenes which might have been in the movie - the ones which advance the plot and flesh out the characters - have been jettisoned in favor of having the college kids do a bunch of utterly pointless interviews , which gives them an excuse to use a camcorder . This is as rancid as film making gets.Just when I thought I 'd had all I could take of pointless camcorder footage , along comes a solid quarter hour of camcorder footage , just interviewing random citizens that live in this town , most of it done for comic relief I guess . Though it was n't funny . I put the DVD player on 8X fast forward and it still took several minutes to get through it.Then we get to go through a house as viewed through the camcorder - with the low battery light blinking the entire time . Everyone acts really really scared , until they find the ghouls . Then they are n't scared any more . Apparently they filmed these scenes on different days and nobody bothered to remember that they were acting scared in the previous scene.Lest I forget , the main character is completely obnoxious . You 'll be rooting for him do die in the most gruesome way . He lives . The other characters are utterly banal.I normally enjoy Full Moon pictures , they usually have a very original plot and make the most of their minuscule budgets . However , director J.R. Bookwalter has no use for originality - he 's one of those people who look at what has made money for other people and then tries to copy it . It 's people like him that are the reason Hollywood sucks as bad as it does , and now it looks like Full Moon pictures is going in that direction as well . He also manages to get the worst performances possible out of his actors.Avoid this thing like the plague .
 Witchouse II : Bloodcoven.Don ' t let this movie fool you.This is a terrible movie that does n't deliver horror just stupidity.If you want a great horror movie get the Exorcist , stay away from this.Full Moon Pictures has made better than this.When Full Moon entered 2000 there geat quality movies started to get stupid and then terrible.Witchouse 2 is one of those terrible movies.In the early and later 90 's Full Moon Pictures made excellent horror and sci-fi movies.Now that legacy of excellent movies is dead.Let 's just hope a better movies are made or they might be out of bussiness!The first Witchouse is pretty good.Even with 3 stars it so much better than this junk.There is a Witchouse 3 but it is hard to find ... . does n't have it ... yet.Overall this movie is a waste of time , money , and space.This is n't worth the 10 or 15 bucks.I would only pay 10 cents for this movie.Rent it first or else 10 or 15 bucks goes down the drain .
 I am a fan of Full moon Pictures and when I heard of Witchouse II I thought to myself I must see it!But I was wrong.Witchouse II offers no screams , chills and thrills.This movie is a waste of time and money .
 Horrible . Cheap slasher . The first one was good but this is junk !
 This review is for the Criterion Collection DVD version of the Film.This film , another by Paul Morrissey and Andy Warhol is less disturbing than their previous release , `` Flesh for Frankenstein . `` This film is also a loose adaptation of the book.Set in the 1920 's or 30 's Dracula is dying . To survive he must drink the blood of a virgin . He has become too notorious in Romania to approach any women and there are few virgins there . So he and his caregiver drive to Italy as they believe that there are more virgins there . He stays with a family that has 4 daughters , when asking some them if they are virgins , they lie and he becomes very sick from drinking their blood.The film has excellent music which deserves to be in a better film . The Criterion collection special features are sudio commentary by cast and crew . There is also an 11 minute slideshow of production and publicity photos backed with selections from the musical score .
 This review is for the Criterion Collection edition of the film.This film , also recieved an X rating by the MPAA and was heavily cut for the R rated version.The film is a loose and more modern adaptation of Bram Stoker 's novel . In this version set in 1920 's Europe , Dracula is dying . He must drink the blood of a female virgin to survive . Hhe is too well known in Romania to get close to any women and virgins are rare , so he and his servant drive to Italy as they believe the influence of the Roman church would encourage women to remain chaste . He then stays in the home of a family with 4 daughters . He interviews them , but they lie about being virgins and Dracula gets very sick from drinking their blood.The film is violent and has several disturbing sex scenes in it.The music in the film is very nice though and it seems unfit for a movie of this type.The DVD special features include audio comnmentary and an 11 minute slide show of publicity photos with the excellent musical score in the backround .
 Dracula is described ill at the end of his day , he upchucks twice and brokes his own stomach cause he sucks the blood of non virgin maid . The role of Dracula & his acting are very weak , weak and weak . He can not catch his own victims by himself.what happen , if Christopher Lee -LRB- the grandest Dracula Actor -RRB- sees the weak film like this ? he said that he seems not so enthusiastic as he watched another variation of Dracula.Let 's go to the old Hammer classic Movies with Christopher Lee as a Count .
 This film was amazingly bad , but was fun to watch with a group of people . I could definately see it on MST3K :-RRB- It was good for conversation . You should see what happens to the vampire when he drinks certain blood . I do n't want to give away plot points , but the bad effects are truly amusing .
 All right , lets begin with the admission . I hated Blood for Dracula . I 'm going to say some bad things about Blood for Dracula . Maybe you liked it . Maybe you might think I missed the point . Put simply , it was terrible , and not in the good way . I love camp and absurdity . I love movies that are so bad they 're good . But this movie was so bad it went past good and just got bad again . Why ? Let 's start with our `` hero '' Mario the handyman or `` Vampire Hunter Stalin '' As I call him . Mario engages in a threesome with two incestuous , bi-sexual sisters -LRB- which , amazingly , is not even close to cool enough to redeem the film in any way -RRB- and casually tells them of their youngest sister , `` I 'd sure like to rape the hell out of her ! '' He starts to rape one of those sisters later on and stops only when she puts him out of the mood by saying , `` I love you . '' -LRB- Or something to that effect , I believe , as the sound quality was not top notch it was tough to tell . -RRB- In addition to this he applies absurdly uneducated interpretations of the communist revolution to his every social interaction . He interrupts having sex with a woman to inform her that when the revolution comes she 'll be poor and powerless -LRB- apparently he ca n't even keep it up without talking about communism -RRB- . He rapes the aforementioned little sister -LRB- a fourteen year-old girl -RRB- and justifies it to her own mother who catches him in the act by saying it 's better then her being food for the virgin-hungry Dracula . -LRB- This scene , by the way , is carried from beginning to end , with no sense of directorial restraint ; it even goes so far as to have Dracula lick her `` virgin blood '' from the floor after they leave . -RRB- Of Mario 's two major positions in life -LRB- pro-rape , pro-communism -RRB- only his communism receives any moral opposition and his rape of the little girl only upsets her own mother because he 's a handyman and thus of low status . The movie portrays the most absurdly powerless and ineffectual Dracula ever , who seems identifiable with only in comparison to his Marxist , rapist foe . When the latter kills the former I was torn between jubilation at the death of the one and anger that the other would likely survive . I found myself wishing he 'd turn the ax on himself , but no such luck . I was really hoping that the film could end in the death of every single character . As Mario wanders off with the fourteen year-old girl -LRB- presumably to rape her again while explaining the importance of destroying the aristocracy -RRB- I could only take comfort in the fact that the movie was actually ending . The characters were terribly developed and entirely unlikable . The sex and nudity , which seems to be many people 's major selling point for the film , is random and unimportant to the `` plot '' and to be quite frank , not that sexy . The acting was poor , even in light of the fact that they were obviously directed to overact . Of the characters , the only one I could identify with in the slightest was Dracula 's sister . Instead of going with him to find virgin blood , she decides she 'd rather just stay home and die . Bravo ! I think she must have read the script .
 Even though originally titled , `` Andy Warhol 's Dracula '' , this film had very little to do with Andy Warhol . Udo Kier plays a count visitng Italy to satisfy his `` special diet '' , i.e. `` virgin blood . '' Though the royal family 's daughters seem promising , Joe Dellesandro -LRB- who uses the Andy Warhol style of `` non acting '' -RRB- is busy making them ineligible for the Count 's requirements . The count 's reaction to non virgin blood -LRB- in repeat scenes -RRB- has to be among the grossest scenes in film , next to the end of Pink Flamingos . Other than that , the movie wanders , the dialogue is dull , the political conflicts unnecesary -LRB- remember this was the 70 's -RRB- and parts of it are closer to soft core porn or badly acted costume drama than horror . Though not as amazingly awful as `` Sins of the Fleshapoids '' or Ed Wood -LRB- who has a certain charm -RRB- Blood for Dracula will leave you scratching your head one moment and then turning it away from the screen the next .
 Andy Warhol 's Dracula -LRB- as this film was originally known -RRB- was one of those films I was busting to see as a kid - it was also one of those films I was destined never to see as a kid - it was X rated when X meant sex and gore . Having finally seen this film 31 years after its original release , I 'm a -RRB- sorry I did n't get a chance to see it then because my youth would have made me think it better than it really is , or b -RRB- sorry I waited with such anticipation.Oh , I saw Andy Warhol 's Frankenstein many years ago , but for some reason could n't ever get a copy of his Dracula . ... Frankenstein is over the top and features amateurish acting , but awesome costumes , sets and a really weird premise ... Dracula features really amateurish acting , awesome costumes , sets , dynamite soundtrack , and a really logical premise -LRB- for a vampire film -RRB- . The result is disappointing.The only thing that made the horrible acting in Frankenstein palatable was the totally bizarre storyline -LRB- which oddly was utilized in The Rocky Horror Picture Show -RRB- . Here , we have a relatively mundane storyline that makes complete sense by vampiric standards
 An X-rated Dracula ... well , I just had to see it . It was remarkably tame though which caused it to be boring for the most part . It came across to me , however , as being quite hilarious at times . But its all unintentional . The premise is very questionable , the acting is etrotious , and the dialouge is inane and completly unbelievable . Kiers performance as the count is utterly rediculous . The most memorable scene was when the count 's assistant was socializing with the locals in a tavern over a friendly game of `` do exactly what I do '' ? Ok then . This inexplicably ends up in a fist fight , but also riotous laughter from this viewer . This film also boasts an outragous climax where Dracula is decapitated . The violent effects are laughaby pretentious but also quite amusing . Its worth a look just for the laughs .
 This movie stinks . The Criterion case talks about it being an `` outrageous cult classic '' and I 've enjoyed nearly all of the movies they 're brought to DVD , but this movie is n't good on any level . The acting is horrible and the plot is n't even up to porno standards . It does have gratuitous sex scenes -LRB- which are explicit enough to give this movie an `` X '' rating -RRB- , but the women are n't attractive -LRB- my wife thought the guy was ok - good abs -RRB- and the sex is uninspiring unless you 're a virgin . Horror fans will be disappointed because there is none -LRB- unless bad acting scares you -RRB- , and Dracula fans will be disappointed because the entire study of the mythos consists of him needing to drink virgin blood and he does n't have a reflection in a mirror . Of course , he has no problem picking up a crucifix , walking in sunlight , and is only slightly put out upon entering a chapel . Perhaps the worst part is that this movie does n't even click as one of those horrible movies that suck you in because you 're amazed at how bad they are . I bought this movie because of the reviews below - do n't make the same mistake - rent it first . Or better yet - get Rocky Horror if you want to watch a cult classic ... . If you want horror , get Scream , Psycho , etc. . If you want Vampires , watch Interview With the Vampire .
 Paul Morrisey and Andy Warhol make another film with gory dramajust like the ` Flesh for Frankenstien ' that I have seen . CountDracula -LRB- Udo Kier -RRB- is never getting enough blood for him to liveso he can take care of his sister who is also ill from lowblood `` income '' ...
 Apart from the above average - though far from original - cinematography , this is a terrible film . The acting is quite awful with the worst accents ever put on film . The dialog is sophmoric and the plot dubious , even for the horror genre . Heavy with pretension and , except for one scene , lacking in wit , it fails as camp ; lacking true insight and dedication to craft , it fails as art . The liner notes imply some of this was intentional , I find that assertion worthy of the greatest scepticism .
 Two of my all-time favorite movies are those created by Andy Warhol 's partner , Paul Morrisey
 Ever see Dracula in a wheelchair . How pathetic this variation is . This guy could have done better in Laurel and Hardy ... or better yet , a fourth stooge .
 The tag-line for this movie should be changed to `` Who Kier 's ? '' . BLOOD FOR DRACULA is a major disappointment , especially compared to its companion film FLESH FOR FRANKENSTEIN . In this painful bore from director Paul Morrissey , Dracula -LRB- Udo Kier in a blank , mechanical performance which makes the viewer pine for Christopher Lee or Gary Oldman -RRB- heads to England in search of `` where-gin '' blood . The only problem is , the Count winds up in a house full of promiscuous young women , who are of no use to him . Sounds good so far does n't it ? Well yer wrong bucko!There 's not enough blood & gore - especially compared to FLESH FOR FRANKENSTEIN . There 's a decent amount of female nudity but nothing that stands out enough to make you want to punish yourself by sitting through the whole movie . This is nowhere near as bad as Warhol/Morrissey 's collaborative non-movie TRASH , but it 's still no good . The movie is not a recommended starting point if you 're a `` where-gin '' to horror films ; even though BLOOD FOR DRACULA is a `` horror '' in every other sense of the word.If you 're after an interesting , original & entertaining vampire film I recommend the 1987 Kathryn Bigelow movie NEAR DARK or the 1974 Hammer film LEGEND OF THE SEVEN GOLDEN VAMPIRES , which successfully combined the horror & kung fu genres . But do n't waste your time with this - unless you happen to be a pretentious , quiche-eating ponce . But what would you expect from a movie presented by a guy who managed to turn a Campbell 's Soup Can -LRB- of all things -RRB- into serious `` ART '' ?! -LRB- Maybe I should put one of my empty Speights bottles in a glass case and pay gullible schmucks two bucks apiece to look at it -RRB- . BLOOD FOR DRACULA does n't really qualify as horror or softcore erotica . Its touches of `` humor '' are n't funny , so the end result is a cheap , boring and poorly acted snoozefest . There ARE some boobies but nothing to justify sitting through this . If that 's what you 're after you 'd probably be better off renting ELVIRA
 Usually , my guess as to how a film ends is wrong . But viewing the detective flick TWILIGHT , I was correct in solving the mystery.TWILIGHT deserves credit for trying . Director Robert Benton succeeds in creating a 1940s-style feel in what is a modern who-done-it . Unfortunately , the film 's awkward pacing occasionally rattles that mood.You would expect TWILIGHT 's climactic moment , where our hero private eye unravels the mystery , to be exciting . Instead , the film ho-hums into the conclusion.Further distraction
 This is like a `` Barnaby Jones '' episode , with a scene showing Reese Witherspoon 's boobies tacked on -LRB- Thus the half-a-star bump -RRB- . This scene will make viagra unnecessary for this movie 's core demographic , on the day they view this movie .
 A retired PI who lives with a wealthy entertainment family finds himself involved in a mystery . A harmless errand turns into a brush with death and reveals clues to an apparent suicide two decades ago . This drama brings an all star cast , including Gene Hackman , Paul Newman , Susam Sarandon and James Garner as leads.Twilight however , ca n't live up to the expectation . One of the problems is the cast itself . Of the 9 major speaking roles , 6 are over 50 years of age , making the plot feel downright elderly . The movie is somber and always serious , but the script has the actors saying and doing silly things . One has to believe that Paul Newman -LRB- the retired PD/PI -RRB- is basically inept and foolish at the beginning , but dominating and in control by the finale . That situation might be more believable in a rookie film.But muddled characters are at home in this movie . They appear and disappear as needed , withhold information when they have no reason to , do things that defy explanation , change their loyalties with little reason or complaint . Plot devices that might seem cliche in some directors hands , seem heavyhanded or infantile in this movie . The few action sequences are filmed poorly with one notable exception . Some characters seem to have no point at all and should have been written out . Sarandon , Schreiber and Hackman however , are exceptions and give fine performances . Too bad they had such minor roles.The plot has major blinders on as well . For instance , Newman is found at multiple crime scenes in comprimising situations . At none of these is he given more than a stern questioning and a nasty look . The motivations of the police are ignored to better serve the mechanations of the plot . For other characters experiences are forgotten , obvious possibilities are ignored , coincidental meetings are commonplace , and the bad guys painstakingly leave a trail back to themselves for Newman . Heck , they may as well have named Reese Witherspoon 's character `` Plot Device '' for all the purpose she has in the movie . Although she may have been included to attract the under 70 crowd.By the end all of the characters are required to be so mallable and shadowy that none of them seem real , none can be trusted and you certainly cant care enough about their welfare to be concerned about the conclusion .
 Paul Newman plays a burned-out private eye and Gene Hackman and Susan Sarandon are a movie-star couple with a long-buried dark secret . Too implausible , too many overdrawn secondary characters . A rental at best .
 Other than Reese Witherspoon 's revealing scenes in the beginning of the movie the movie lacks any story that is worth watching !
 I do n't know how you go from Bella , Edward and Jacob to a bunch of old people trying to solve a murder mystery , but the people who made this movie completely missed the point of Stephanie Meyer 's novel . I was excited to see Reese Witherspoon , I thought she might make a tasty vampire treat , but after walking around naked she pretty much vanished . Next time , fewer old people and more vampires and werewolves please .
 No wonder this film did n't make the movie theaters . This is an insult to the 15-year-old boys who dominate the audiences . There is not a single laugh , unless you think that accidentally putting Preparation H on your toothbrush is amusing . This is especially dreadful because of the waste of Kathy Bates , a truly gifted actress who should have turned down the `` awful mother '' stereotype . Not even Marjorie Main could have put life into that limp script . In short , the movie is a dead loss . Even fans of `` Jackass '' films will be bored .
 I had great hopes for this movie when I purchased it some time ago . When I got around to watching it I was with family members and the movie is so bad we all agreed to turn it off . None of us have any desire to ever watch it again . The comedy is predictible and often embarrassing at times , as is some of the acting . A great disappointment considering the actors involved .
 This movie is TERRIBLE !! Do not waste your money or time . These reviews must be fake , there is NO WAY anyone would say this movie was good if they actually saw it . I ca n't believe so many decent actors were a part of this awful mess of a movie .
 Quality of this DVD was not good color was orange color , plots in the movie were missing.Disappointed , not in Amazon service , never had to return an item before , but in quality of this DVD , it must be a poor quality copy of something like it.But then how do you explain parts in the movie missing ?
 Disingenuously selling itself as a clever spoof of recently popular independent movies , this film is instead a vile , sophomoric , and idiotic waste of time . The R rating is , unfortunately , a totally insufficient warning of the crud that marches across the screen from the opening scene , when the viewer , without warning , becomes witness to a male-male scene of simulated anal sex ... and goes down hill from there . Obviously geared for the crude tastes of middle-school bad boys , this mess is an insult to viewers of all ages .
 I saw this in L.A. in October . There were three other people in the theater besides myself , and two of them left . There were points where I even fell asleep . I see what they were trying to do , but ultimately they failed .
 Why is it nowadays producers find the need to spoof good movies ? That 's all this film does in an attempt to be funny . I was already taken back in the beginning when they started off by making fun of Pulp Fiction , one of the greatest movies ever . I 'm all for making fun of Bring It On and such but leave the great films alone.What I do n't understand is in order to even understand most of the films they mock , the viewer would have to be in their mid-twenties yet the humor is that of a middle-schooler . Either society is dumbing down with age or the younger are getting old way too fast . The only reason it gets two stars is in hope that whoever watches this will go out and rent the films this `` movie '' trashed on .
 I so wanted to like this movie and was looking forward to enjoying a good spoof parody film in the genre of SCARY MOVIE or NOT ANOTHER TEEN MOVIE . But this film was not one tenth as funny as these examples . SM and NATM are not great films but they do make me laugh and are better than other similar films like HOTSHOTS , AIRPLANE and POLICE ACADEMY . I was expecting something within the same ball park from BIG FAT INDEPENDENT MOVIE . It 's seems in theory that this premise could work . Make fun of all the independent movies of the last 10 to 15 years . But this was crap because of the lame actors and terrible script which inevitably means bad direction as well .
 All the on-screen text for this video is in Spanish , although it is not advertised to be a Spanish video . There is nowhere on Amazon 's site to report a problem with an instant video , so if you download a product with a problem you are stuck with it . Two thumbs down .
 This is a great price for one time viewing . I decided to show this to my children 's class at church . BUT i hate that the screen titles are all in Spanish . It must have been a dvd setting that was n't changed before uploading to amazon . However , the audio is in English and it is a very well done , exciting animated film .
 I think the premise of this film was good and , were I a creative person , I would be tempted use the premise and some of the plot points to write what could probably be a wonderful book . There were even some lines in the movie that were fantastic , when I could figure them out because of the poor production quality . Had this group never heard of looping and ADR ? As other reviews have pointed out , the sound was so bad as to render some lines impossible to decipher , regardless of how loud you turn the television or how many times you back up the DVD.The editing was also terrible ... abrupt jump cuts and many transitions through tedious seconds of completely black screen . During some passages it was impossible to figure out how much time was passing ... were we still at the same party are had we jumped ahead in time to another party days -LRB- weeks ? -RRB- later ? There were even places where there seemed to be flashbacks , but if that was intended it was n't clear and did not particularly make sense . And what as with the bizarre fortune teller sequence?There seemed to be way too little backstory conveyed for the main characters . The opening few minutes were so awful , I almost did n't continue watching . When a movie that has been marketed as a `` gay interest movie '' opens with unexpected violence and heterosexual sex , why should anyone continue watching long enough to figure out which characters , if any , are gay and what possible relevant message can be gleaned from the story.This is one of those , fortunately few , movies that I do n't want to keep but feel I should just throw in the trash rather than give away or sell it , thereby exposing another unsuspecting viewer to the train wreck . One star is way too much for this stinker !
 Director and writer , David Scott probably needs to take a lesson in film making 101
 Unbelievably bad production values , especially the soundtrack . Digital audio sounds like a garbage disposal when it is recorded too loudly , and that 's what you get here -- a near constant gnashing sound.How is it possible that this near-complete-failure of a film found its way into the largest video rental chain in the country ? It 's not even listed on IMDB.You have been warned !
 There is no way to deny it
 What 's it about ? I do n't know . I could n't tell you . I got bored and stopped paying attention . I can tell you that the video and audio are just terrible in this movie . Have you ever yelled into a tape recorder and heard that screeching sound in the feedback ? That 's what this movie sounds like . It 's unwatchable .
 If you are , like me , inclined to watch more gay films than any other , watching for that kiss , that magical moment where they touch or have that indescribable presence together ; well , I 'm just as sorry as you are -- this movie simply does n't have it . If I 'm honest , what attracted me to the movie was the cover , and Troy -LRB- Lee Rhumohr -RRB- is absolutely gorgeous , and the concept of the movie seemed good . Unfortually , this movie disappointed me , not just because there were no moments in the film that I explained earlier , but because the sound quality is really awful and the acting is mediocre , at best , and quite simply , although I tried my damnest to get into the movie , I basically could n't because there is no hook , or sinker in this film . After watching this movie I felt completely unfulfilled , and that 's the truth .
 Why was this terrible movie ever released on DVD?Why did the Canadian government fund part of this awful feature?Why is n't there a zero rating available on Amazon.com?This movie is possibly the worst production I 've ever seen . The script , audio , video , ... , were just bad beyond belief.On the bright side , the artwork is nice and the disc is shiny!My final verdict
 Whatta drag is this film ! I regret spending every single second in front of the screen.There is no action and acting is really nothing.Add VERY poor quality of sound , light etc. and you get `` Denied '' . Such cinema nightmares should be banned !
 DENIED is the first movie I can remember seeing that I can not say one good thing about . The best thing about it is the still photograph on the CD cover that I do not believe is anywhere in the movie . Much of the dialogue is unintelligible , the actors often are indistinguishable from each other , the plot is pretty much senseless , the photography is awful . The first time the screen went black , I thought the DVD was defective ; but unfortunately I was wrong . That was just the director 's way of changing scenes . Here are some of the lines
 This is the worst `` thing '' I have ever seen in my life . Using the term `` movie '' or `` film '' is not even an option here . After ten minutes of attempting to adjust the sound , while watching what has the technical merit of a 1950 's porn film , I gave up . The Roswell alien autopsy footage has better production values that this stinko . And for some reason this is one of the few gay films that Blockbuster chooses to stock . Go figure , maybe it 's some sort of aversion therapy .
 This review does n't say anything that has n't already been said , but it 's a shame this movie is somehow sitting here with a massive 2.5 star rating ! Dreck ! Awful sound , poor picture quality , dumb as dirt story line . One can barely understand the dialogue , and all the scenes are , for some reason , shot during the night time , which further contributes to the dim , dull picture . Just like the title says , I watched this movie hoping for something , and was summarily DENIED anything !
 Bad sound , bad dialogue , contrived acting all around . `` Denied '' DVD case states `` Special DVD features include
 Great theme ... too many scenes with poor or very little lighting , scenes jumps around for no apparent reason . . challenging to follow , the leading lady will do very well at McDonalds or a truck stop
 To say this movie was done on a shoestring budget insults shoe strings . Low budget films are n't a bad thing , in and of themselves , but when they 're accompanied by truly * horrific * lighting , terrible sound -LRB- so bad that you can hardly understand the dialogue at times -RRB- , then they should n't even have been made . Why ? Well , if you ca n't see the characters , nor understand them , what 's the point?There is n't a point . From the dialogue that I could understand , it was n't particularly well written either . No new ground was staked out on the whole confusing sexuality thing , and to make this even less believable , a truly beautiful and handsome man who seemed to possess some depth -LRB- but who can tell , really -RRB- , is in love with a `` blugh '' . A `` blugh '' is someone unattractive and socially undesirable.This movie is so low on the meter that imdb.pro does n't even list it on its website . That 's pretty bad.To make matters worse , the DVD cover said it was subtitled . It was not .
 This is quite possibly the worst gay film I 've ever seen ! Do n't let the sexy cover fool you . It 's as if the director took two random guys off the street and made them pretend they were gay and having relationship problems . It 's been a long time coming that someone make a gay film about a relationship between two people having serious committment problems , etc. but this is a real stinker . What a shame .
 This movie was not at all what I expected it to be . I guess with being a fan of Spartacus and other movies depicting this era , I expected more ! However , if your just lounging around on a sunday with nothing else to do ... why not pop it in and watch it !
 ` Agora ' is one of those films that tries to do so much and yet fails miserably to do much of anything . It is essentially two stories running perpendicular that are supposed to become interwoven and yet neither story really feels whole and one aspect of the film feels like a poorly conceived side-plot that never gets the attention it deserved , for it was probably the film 's more interesting feature.Taking place in Roman occupied Egypt , ` Agora ' tells the story of religious unrest amongst the turn of Christianity and the displaced values of the pagan populous . With so many turning to Christianity , the ideals of those with ` other ' ways of thinking -LRB- or believing -RRB- become distained and despised , and effectively illegal . Spanning a breadth of time , ` Agora ' begins by following a young slave named Davus who has fallen in love with a female philosopher , Hypatia , during the birthing pains of Christianity . His feelings continue with him , even after he converts to Christianity and violently takes his freedom . As the years progress , the tension between religious factions grows and soon Hypatia herself is being questioned and condemned despite her prestigious connections.The violence contained within ` Agora ' is not merely that of a physical nature , but the film 's core themes and mood created reek of aggression . This is one of the film 's commendable traits , for it understands the mood it is trying to convey and it does so expertly . I also loved the production design here , because it was so crisp and so clean , depicting the religious ` purity ' being toted and yet it always appeared so dirty , so dusty ; great way to contrast their values with their actions.But that is about all I have for praise.The astrology aspect of the film could have lent itself in a more eventful manner , but the film tries to be almost too realistic for its own good and it loses any true grandeur . The religious side of things can become hammy and overly theatrical , and while I understand that that is much the way of these ` swords and sandals ' epics , there is something about ` Agora ' that feels so ; un-epic . The acting is hit and miss , with Rachel Weisz delivering one of her most boring performances to date -LRB- where is the depth -RRB- . She has two scenes where she shines , and both involve a form of violation that attacks her emotions . Max Minghella gives a standard -LRB- expected -RRB- performance , but his final scene -LRB- thanks to some heavy cinematic manipulations -RRB- is very effective . The real flaws here are seen in the way that director Alejandro Amenabar painted his canvas . The film just feels so underwhelming . Amenabar tries to give provocative moments , but most of his directorial flourishes come across unnecessary . The scroll throwing sequence in particular is a ridiculous use of CGI and takes away from what could have been a signature scene in the film -LRB- for the upside down ending shot was surprisingly superb -RRB- . Juggling the two focuses was not done well , and the astrology section underperforms and becomes pointless -LRB- unless you want to say it was there for authentic merit -RRB- , a waste of time and essentially takes you out of the film . Had Amenabar woven in a supernatural currency , then maybe that aspect of the film would have proved substantial , but in the end it is just a wasted focal point . At times the film feels like a television production -LRB- think HBO 's ` Rome ' or something of that nature -RRB- and at other times it feels like a halfhearted video game -LRB- that upwards glance at Davus 's bloodstained sword and the ominous hoodies read video game to a T -RRB- . It just does n't come together like it was supposed to and winds up being yet another attempt to capitalize on a genre that ended when Russell Crowe 's hand swept the glistening fields of wheat for the very last time .
 Hollywood has a long history of misrepresenting historical events -- altering timelines and characters , changing motivations , and injecting an alarming amount of anti-Christian prejudice . Agora is no different , a film that approaches a fascinating historical figure without a shred of respect for what actually happened.The Library of Alexandria holds the most precious philosophical works in the world , and among its many admirers and protectors is the beautiful philosopher Hypatia -LRB- Rachel Weisz -RRB- . A student of progressive thought , an instructor in philosophy and science , and obsessed with circles and their relation to the movement of the earth , Hypatia is much loved by her students and colleagues alike . One of her most ardent admirers is Orestes -LRB- Oscar Isaac -RRB- , who hopes to inspire her to marry him -- but in doing so she would lose her independence and fall beneath his influence , meaning she would be forced to fall silent and no longer teach . Hypatia is convinced he does not love her for her mind as much as for her body and rejects him , not realizing as she does so that her world is about to be torn apart . Christianity has spread throughout Alexandria now that it is no longer illegal and in the wake of slaughtering Christians defacing Pagan statues in the central square , a mob descends upon the great Library with the intention of burning its contents.Caught up in the midst of this religious fervor is Hypatia 's slave Davus -LRB- Max Minghella -RRB- , who is also in love with her -- but can not tell her as much , for it is forbidden and inappropriate . A Pagan who has converted recently to the new faith , Davus abandons her and joins the mob , finding his calling while at the same time questioning the motives of the Christians that surround him . In later years , the violence between the Pagans and Christians and also the Jews will escalate into inescapable pandemonium , resulting in a bloodbath . Where the film succeeds is in the strength of its characters -- each of them are interesting and likable in some sense , even though some make poor decisions . Our heart goes out to Davus when he offers to take a flogging for a female servant who admits to professing the Christian faith . He is not religious then , but becomes more so later on . Hypatia is a spunky heroine and in some sense easy to identify with , both in her yearning to discover truth and her resistance toward submitting to the men around her . Orestes appears at first to be something of a jerk but eventually we discover that his love for her is genuine -- and he risks his life in defending her honor . Another figure , this one first a student and then later a Bishop in the Church , comes across as adhering to the teachings of Christ at least -- compassionate , forgiving , and respectful to Hypatia.On a purely cinematic level this film works in a lot of ways and fails in others -- minor characters are not well developed and many of them look so much alike that for awhile I did n't know who anyone was ; the story likewise seems to have no internal focus , since it can not decide what its story is really about -- or what it wants to say about its characters . It is part romance -LRB- that never goes anywhere -RRB- , part historical fiction -LRB- rather than fact -RRB- , part adventure , and partly a push for science and philosophy while at the same time denouncing religion . Its underlining message is that philosophy unites and inspires whereas faith divides and incites violence . Furthermore , it throws Christians to the forefront of controversy and depicts them poorly , while disregarding the actual historical events . In the film , they intend to burn the library , presumably to put a stop to free thought and philosophy -- in reality , the Library of Alexandria did not exist in that time period ; it had fallen into disrepair and been destroyed years earlier . In its place was a Pagan temple that a Christian mob sacked in return for their Churches having been defaced by Pagans.The film paints Hypatia as an atheist or agnostic , her fundamental faith only in philosophy -- in truth , she was a Pagan . It misrepresents her friendship with a Bishop -- implying he abandons and speaks ill of her , when in reality she ceased corresponding with him and never told him why , although he continued to speak highly of her and admire her tremendous mind . It also claims her death was religious , when in fact it had everything to do with politics . The director makes very conscious decisions to imply that Christians of Alexandria were actually comparable to the Nazis.The costumes and acting are without a doubt marvelous , but that it so deliberately maligns the facts in an attempt to misrepresent actual events and place blame where it is unwarranted displeases me very much -- and I am not the only one to be offended by it , as various atheists have also proclaimed their disappointment as well .
 Rather than trying to learn about history from movies or TV shows , perhaps we should study history books written by scholars and ancient contemporaries . We would then discover that Theophilus did not call for the destruction of a library but of centers of idol worship . The Alexandrian `` library '' did not at that time contain any scrolls -- they had all been destroyed centuries earlier -LRB- either before Christianity existed or while it was still a small , illegal sect -RRB- . The last remaining great library of the ancient world was preserved by the Christians in Byzantia -LRB- Constantinople -RRB- . Although we would all like to blame the Christians for the sunset of a golden age of reason , fires were the great destroyers of ancient libraries . That , however , does n't make for very interesting movies . Also some of the other `` reviewers '' should remember not to judge a faith when some of it 's followers do something bad . It 's like blaming Buddha for Pearl Harbor . That would be reasonable if religious adherents always acted in perfect conformity with the teachings of their founders . Unfortunately , they do not .
 Apparently , the point of this movie was to warn against the dangers of unfettered religious fanaticism and not to convey an historically accurate tale of the philosopher Hypatia . The setting is in the early years following the edict of Milan that would eventually lead to the acceptance of Christianity as the Roman state religion . However , the Christian bishops of this movie are not portrayed as the neo-Platonic philosophers they tended to be but as something more akin to modern Fundamentalist extremists . Such anachronisms are expected from the movie business but then to build subtle error into outright inaccuracy , the script writers decided to pin the blame for burning the great library at Alexandria on these same proto-Charismatics . Never mind that at the time of the movie setting the library had already been burned centuries before by Roman armies . No , once again there seems to be an underlying agenda that must force the past to fit the modern bias toward faith as opposed to enlightened and morally superior reason and science . History has many examples of injustice on the part of Christians -LRB- or any group for that matter -RRB- . But perpetuating the anti-faith myths such as the Hypatia incident and Galileo without an honest treatment of the historical context is becoming a modern film clich&eacute; . It is unfortunate because the cinematography is original in recreating ancient Alexandria in the context of the entire world . But average acting supported by original cinematography are not enough to cover the underlying prejudices implied in the story .
 I 'm a pretty big fan of movies set in ancient history as well as ones that revolve around politics , science , and religion but I could not , for the life of me , get into this movie . I got so bored I ended up stopping it before it was over . I feel like the acting just was n't filled with enough emotion .
 Two stars because it looks so good . If you want to see contemporary campus opinion on religion dressed up in ancient garb , this is the film for you . An epic set in ancient Egypt turns out to be nothing more than a diatribe against Christianity . No wonder the film did poorly in Europe and worse in the US.It bombed because it 's not good .
 This movie was a great disappointment ! I was anxiously awaiting its release on DVD because this period in history -LRB- Byzantine Era/Late Antiquity -RRB- is almost never dealt with in movies . I titled my review `` lost opportunity '' because making a movie about Byzantine Egypt with characters such as Hypatia and St. Cyril was a golden opportunity to show both ancient science and religion in a positive light and show the relevance of both to our modern world . It is true that these two did n't always get along in the 4th and 5th centuries but this was not due to anything intrinsic to either Science or Christianity.Moving away from paganism and the worship of statues and nature was just as much an advance of human reason as Aristarchus ' heliocentric theory . Unfortunately , by watching this movie one would get the impression that those who believed in mythology and in twelve gods living on Mount Olympus were the rational ones and those who condemned such beliefs as foolish and outdated were just uneducated fanatics . Rather than making an intelligent statement about science and religion this movie is just a hatchet job on St. Cyril and the Orthodox Church . The early Church was never against science , anyone who has read the works of Clement of Alexandria or St. Basil the Great would know this . The Church was against paganism and the worship of false gods and idols.This movie however did not only get the religion side of the story wrong but it also got the science side of the story wrong . Some examples :1 -RRB- The movie implies that Hypatia came up with the idea of eccentric orbits . This is totally false . Ptolemy 's whole system was based on eccentric orbits .2 -RRB- The movie claims Hypatia discovered the First Law of Planetary Motion . There is absolutely no evidence for this . Also , how did she arrive at an elliptical orbit based solely on the need for an eccentric orbit ? On what basis does she reject the eccentric orbits of Ptolemy ? This is why the movie hides the fact that Ptolemy 's system was based on eccentric orbits in the first place .3 -RRB- The movie dismisses the objection to heliocentrism which states that objects would be displaced by the motion of the Earth . This objection is not entirely wrong . Hypatia 's experiment of dropping a sack from the mast of a moving ship would not result in its falling straight down as the movie suggests but it would be displaced by a very tiny amount due to the Earth 's rotation , this is known as the `` Coriolis Force '' . Whether the sack would be displaced towards the East or towards the West would depend on whether the ship was traveling north from Alexandria or south towards Alexandria . The problem is in being able to notice and measure such a tiny displacement.But the most glaring offense of the movie is its portrayal of St. Cyril and his followers . It is obvious that the makers of this film did not read any of the writings of St. Cyril who was an intellectual of the highest order . The actual St. Cyril of history , the St. Cyril that we can discern from his own writings , the St. Cyril that was the champion of Orthodoxy at the Council of Ephesus bears no resemblance to the evil uneducated murderous thug of the movie . If St. Cyril was an anti-science thug why has the International Astronomical Union endorsed the naming of a lunar crater in his honor?It is unfortunate that this movie was an agenda driven hatchet job rather than an honest portrayal of history .
 I do n't mind films taking some liberties with history if it improves the story - Kapur 's Elizabeth is a good example . Timelines are greatly compressed , Robert Dudley -LRB- Earl of Leicester -RRB- is turned into a naive pretty boy -LRB- which he was not -RRB- and it 's spiced up with some dramatic episodes that did n't happen -LRB- like Walsingham murdering Mary of Guise -RRB- . But the story , cinematography , and portrayal of life in the Elizabethan court -LRB- especially the politics -RRB- are absorbing and completely credible.Agora lost me when the young woman protagonist used a proposition of Euclid to `` prove '' that `` we are all brothers '' . To a viewer who knows something about the history of science and philosophy , that was the last straw . But the plodding narrative style and series of two-dimensional characters spouting cliches already had me reaching for the Stop button .
 If this type of propganadistic , wind-up , full strength punch to the solar plexus has been tried on any other religion , this film would have been absolutely shredded by defamation groups . The violins would have come out , minorities would have held tearful candlelit vigils outside movie theatres , the film would have been banned and the director would have been forced into Hollywood exile.As it turns out , the punch went to the solar-plexus of Christianity , which meant a few Catholic feathers were ruffled , and everyone apart from evangelistic atheists and myself fell alseep mid-way through the movie . While it is , of course , unacceptable to denigrate , insult and marginalise any world religion , Christianity inexplicably enjoys exemption from this rule.That 's not saying that individuals acting in the name of Christianity have not done some dreadful things - there is no question of this . They destroyed the cultures of meso-America as best they could , they attempted the same in South America , they conducted the inquisition and they burned thousands of innocent women alive at the stake . The list is long and various legitimate films could have been made based on these events.What they dind ' t do is single-handedly destroy the library at Alexandria . At worst Christians acting under the edict of Theodosius are thought to have destroyed pagan religious artifacts once the library had already been burned down in 48BC and then looted during an attack by the Emperor Aurelian on the city of Alexandria in the 3rd century BC.Naturally , you would n't realise this watching the movie , which makes it appear as Theodosious single handedly and deliberately destroyed the world 's ancient teachings in the name of Christianity . If this type of allegation had been made against a living person it would have resulted in a fairly meaty libel case , but since Alejandro Amen&aacute;bar 's adversaries ca n't speak for themselves by dint of being dead , he gets to grind his axe against Christianity without any interference.The result is that Amenabar gets to :1 . Falsely portray the destruction of the literary contents of the library as a Christian act2 . Falsely portray the murder of Hypatia as a Christian act -LRB- it is only known that she was murdered by a mob -RRB- In amongst all this you have a love story that does n't quite work , lots of hacking people to bits and Hypatia being falsely credited with finding a scientific rational for the heliocentric view of the universe.In other words , what you have is a work of anti-Christian fiction loosely based on historical events and personalities.The film we 'll never see is how direct anti-Christian policies in the gloriously atheistic Soviet Union lead to some of the worst atrocities in modern history - for instance the boiling alive of several nuns from Voronezh in a cauldron of boiling tar -LRB- just half a dozen of the 20 odd million unluckly eggs that were broken in the making of the delectable socialist omelette of the Soviet Union -RRB- . And that 's a pity , because unlike Agora , it would not only make interesting viewing , but actually be based on historic fact .
 St Cyril as a brutal misogynistic thug ? Only fans of pseudohistorian Charles Freeman 's books will enjoy this latest jab at orthodox Christianity from Hollywood.Historically and aethetically inaccurate to the max . Not to mention dull , with blahzay acting throughout .
 This film belongs in the Hall of Fame for Worst Movie Ever . It is lovely to look at , but the actors are horrible . The plot idea is good , but the execution fails . The dialog and movement seem really false . It just does n't seem like a representation of real people of any time period . I tend to love period pieces , but I actually hated this and could not finish it . Horrid .
 There is not much to say about this movie . Rachel Weisz lent her talent to a movie that her acting could not hope to save . The plot , predictable dialogue , and message are dumb ed down to the point of insult to the viewer . The `` historical '' setting is sloppily anachronistic . Instead of being the edgy , controversial film that exposes Christianity 's less-than-holy rise to power in the complex society it developed in , Agora is a slide show of charicatured Christians and pagans . Setting aside the movies goals and style - it is painfully bad and nauseatingly boring . Spare yourself .
 I came to this film after reading promo reviews of two highly respected Aussie critics , who described it as visually stunning . It was not !!! The premise was poor . Ignorant religious bigots destroy books and knowledge , and lives . Gee , nothing revealing in that . This movie was a waste of time and money . You could argue that it depicted the superpower as the real villain , but you would n't convince me it did it well . I mean , what superpower would manipulate religious morons for its own political ends ... ?? Yes of course , all of them .
 Agora was the marketplace in Alexandria where religious debates took place . Agora , the movie , is a fallacy.Alejandro Amenabar 's portrayal of Christians as a hysterical , filthy , violent crowd of disheveled animals is not surprising since the overwhelming majority of film-makers and novel-writers are either atheists or leftists . His choice of Miss Weisz was a bad one
 it is an attempt to discuss science vs religion ; which is a topic that should bode great movie material . but ... this movie is not realistic , storyline not believable , plot is thin . especially stupid is a script that repeats the same dialogue over and over ; weak effects , and non-realistic make-up where the actors always look clean as if straight out of a salon . if you want to watch a movie that should have been a television broadcast , this is it ...
 AGORA was not well presented . The characters were not fully developed , the story misrepresented historical facts , the camera work was not exceptional and the scenes were at times disjointed . The average viewer may find the setting and historical background confusing . I would not recommend this film .
 While Agora is certainly a well-made , well-acted movie with a rather original love story , I feel that the film-makers have deliberately altered history to cast Christianity in a negative light , possibly for their own motives , but probably to court the overwhelming anti-Christian bias of the Hollywood establishment and thereby enhance the movie 's commercial potential in the U.S. . The movie depicts Christians burning the library of Alexandria and an early Christian bishop massacring and expelling Alexandria 's Jewish population . Events are depicted to suggest that the rise of Christianity somehow led the eclipse of the age of Greek reason.I am not a fervent Christian , and I am fully aware of the dark phases of Christian history -LRB- e.g. the Thirty Years War of German history -RRB- . However , such a systematic negative portrayal of my cultural heritage raised my hackles . I made a brief inquiry of the historical matters in question on Wikipedia . When the Christians burned the agora in Alexandria , it is doubtful that there had been any books present , with most of the library having been destroyed on earlier occasions . The bishop in question -LRB- I ca n't remember his name -RRB- did not initiate hostility against the Jews . He expelled them after the Jews had publically tortured to death a Christian , and then ONLY the sect of Jews that had been involved in the crime ! Persecution or justice ? I realize also that Wikipedia is not necessarily an authoritative source , but the results are certainly suggestive ...
 I gave this two stars because the production value is amazing , however , it is historically inaccurate . The movie demonizes Christians , namely Cyril of Alexandria . The movie makes it seem as if Cyril called Hypatia out by referring to her as a &#34; witch &#34; , conjuring up stories of the salem witch trials in the minds of the viewer . This word would have been completely foreign to the people of Egypt and if Cyril would have been referring to her as a pagan or priestess , well , that was not all that uncommon and certainly would not have incited mob violence against Hypatia , in fact , Cyril was trying to make amends with Orestes who was without a doubt influenced by Hypatia , as Socrates Scholasticus makes clear . The mob violence against Hypatia was due to her influencing Orestes against the Christians.What actually happened was that the jews had Orestes publicly torture and kill Hirax because he was an alleged spy . The jews blamed him and Cyril for the closing of their theater , which caused all sorts of public drunkeness and violence in itself . Cyril , knowing that the people of Alexandria would react swiftly against the jews , personally had the majority of them removed before any massacre could happen , despite what the movie shows , Cyrils intentions were undoubtedly to protect the jews from massacre and yet appease the masses who were tired of being persecuted and plotted against by the jews . For instance , the incident in the movie where the jews lured the Christians to the church to kill them is actually true.It is sad that Cyril is portrayed as some religious fanatic hell bent on murder and destruction , none of which can be proven with valid historical sources , and none of this is seen in his letters . Even when writing to his opponents he shows the utmost respect and love towards them . This movie could have been so much better , however , it is an offense to any student of history , let alone Christians . These are not typical mistakes , which happen sometimes , many of these are blatant falsehoods used to lead the viewer to a specific conclusion . That conclusion ? Religion is opposed to science and reason . For instance , there is a part in the movie where the Parabolani are speaking about the earth MUST be flat , this is another blatant lie contrived to make Christians look like backwards simple minded fools . This &#34; flat earth &#34; was last believed before Christ !!! It is a foolish movie full of lies to try and make Christianity look bad . Shame on the writers , producers , and director .
 Mr. Amen&aacute;bar does n't mince words
 texasceltThis film is a slander of St. Cyril of Alexandria , a Father of the Church and acknowledged as such by Catholics , Orthodox , and Coptic Christians . In his time , the Jews were much more powerful and wealthy than the generally poor Christians and had more of an in with the civil authorities . They organized persecutions and pogroms against the Christians of Alexandria . Cyril the Bishop spoke against such behavior , but he never advocated pogroms against the Jews . He did preach against what the Jews were doing to the Christians . But this was defensive rather than offensive . Slowly the Christian faith became the faith of most of the inhabitants of Alexandria . The Jews continued to invoke the power of the state against the Christians . Finally , they were ordered to leave Alexandria by the prefect , who had himself become a convert to Christianity . I frequently attend Mass at St. Cyril of Alexandria Church in Houston and plan to continue to do so . Sorry to bring up the truth , which may offend some Jews including Ms. Weisz . Evidently the producers of this movie feel that Christians are generally ignorant of Church history and their saints may be castigated ad libidum . In Texas we have a saying , If you spit in my face , dont tell me its raining .
 I do not recommend you waste your time watching this . It is horribly slow , and not very interesting . The characters are only partially developed , at a very superficial level . I think they are trying to create a film like the 10 Commandments , but fall so short that the entire film is a waste.I watched it because it seemed like it got such high ratings . I find it hard to believe anyone enjoyed this film .
 Again very disappointing to get this product and find that it is not compatible with Australian DVD players . Perhaps there should be some sort of message on the website when a person orders from overseas . Return policy makes it hard to return something that has already been unwrapped .
 Not an original idea in this movie . The acting is so stilted that I could n't make it through halfway.I have always thought Weiz was an overrated actress . She did n't disappoint in Agora
 Alejandro Amenabar 's Agora is a classic example of Litmus test cinema . If you 're an atheist , its unchallenging affirmation of your non-belief will probably endear it to you mightily and guarantee you 'll give this review a ` not useful ' vote without reading further . If you 're a Christian , the film 's unequivocal belief that your faith is not only destructive and irrational but the root of all evil and ignorance for the past 1500 years will make you hate it and give this review a ` useful ' vote without reading further . If you 're an agnostic or simply objective , you 'll just wonder not only why it 's all so simplistic and ineffectual but also so remarkably dull with it . Because for all the cries of brilliance from one school of thought and damnation from the other , Agora is nothing more than a technically impressive but emotionally unengaging Christians versus pagans epic that aspires to be a thoughtful allegory of scientific inquiry versus religious fundamentalism but instead tends to be very vague and confused when it comes to religion , which is a real problem considering the subject matter , and increasingly dull , which is an even bigger problem.It does offer novelty value in reversing the traditional Biblical epic and having Christians metaphorically throwing pagans and Jews to the lions with sadistic abandon in 4th Century AD Alexandria as the Roman Empire starts to fall to pieces , but it 's all a little half-baked and woolly-headed to pass muster as a thinking man or woman 's epic and too relentlessly so-so to work as entertainment.Stuck in the middle and supposedly standing for reason is the idealised figure of Hypatia -LRB- Rachel Weisz , the actress you call when Kate Winslett is busy -RRB- , a philosopher-astronomer-teacher whose words of wisdom fall on increasingly deaf ears because , as a woman , she 's despised by the bloodthirsty radical Christians and , as an atheist , is regarded as unsuitable for public office by the pagans -LRB- well , at least in the cut that premiered at Cannes in 2009 , though that scene is notably missing from the shorter version that was eventually released to theatres -RRB- . Although the film does n't try to entirely impose 20th century values on its rather one-dimensional heroine - she takes slavery for granted and the science is appropriately 2000 years out of date - it does have a rather confused attitude to what she stands for and why we should admire her . She espouses brotherhood but has no empathy , responds to shows of affection with humiliation , uses others merely as a sounding board for her own brilliance while ironically , and presumably unintentionally , being portrayed as something of a second-rate thinker . With her actual works long destroyed -LRB- by Muslims rather than Christians a couple of centuries after the events in the film -RRB- , her quest to unravel if or how the Earth orbits around the sun may even be a misrepresentation of her work in an attempt to present her as an earlier Galileo and further the myth that science and religion are completely incompatible . The film certainly misrepresents her as an atheist when it seems she was a pagan to simplify the story 's central conflict into one of empirical evidence versus blind faith - having her worship graven images might have taken some of the shine off her credibility for modern audiences , and it would never do to have a flawed heroine.Instead , it paints her as an atheist Christ dying for the sins of Deists , and one whose wisdom all reasonable men -LRB- there are no other female characters -RRB- bow before . And how `` How nave I was . How nave I was , '' laments one former suitor-turned-prefect when she points out the errors in his let-the-Christians-kill-the-Jews-and-that 'll - be-an-end-to-it policy . Even her father 's final scene is an `` I should have listened to you '' mea culpa after his ill-advised response to a Christian act of provocation results in the besieging of the Alexandria Library . If only they 'd have listened to her , the film seems to be saying , all of this could have been avoided.It 's a role and a film that desperately needs an exceptionally charismatic and inspiring star performance to compensate for the many flaws , but it does n't get it . With little real dramatic meat to work with , Weisz generally chooses to play the part by alternating between two expressions , her serious look and the head girl enthusiastically giving the school lecture on prize day , and a two-note performance in a one-dimensional role that never develops makes her a weak centre for the film to revolve around -LRB- Amenabar is big on revolutions and circles in the film 's visual scheme -RRB- . We 're only introduced to her emotional dilemma - that to give herself to a man means the loss of her freedom to think and to teach - through her father -LRB- Michel Lonsdale -RRB- , and it really does n't seem to bother her until one brief scene near the film 's end . She 's far too in love with her own intellect and the heavenly spheres.Unfortunately her character seems to be made all the weaker by the one-note villainy the film extends to the evil kill-crazy Christians . Ideologically and spiritually these black-clad crazies stand for nothing - they could just as well be Indians or Zulus or insects from Starship Troopers -LRB- and boy , does Amenabar love his sped-up aerial shots making them look like busy ants -RRB- . They 're simply empty-headed black-hearted villains out to kill everyone , with Saint Cyril portrayed as such a Satanic figure that all that 's missing is the forked tail and pitchfork . Even a Christian lifelong friend and devotee like Synsesius is inaccurately turned into an enemy opposing her ideas or right to offer counsel to men . It 's those kind of broad brushstrokes and lack of historical context that perhaps hurts the film the most , with the film offering no idea of how an empire that had previously been tolerant of most religions changed so violently any more than it shows how a religion built on turning the other cheek and forgiving your enemies became so violently militant as it abandoned pacifism with a vengeance once it became Romanised . One early scene does briefly address the appeal Christianity had to the poor and the under class - a religion that you did n't have to be born into , that favored the weak over the powerful and which found joy in giving rather than receiving - but it 's a brief moment that 's never pursued in the final cut . Instead it 's a conflict between the nasty black togas and the good white togas , with little explanation of what either faction really stands for . Only in the final scenes does it threaten to address the conflict between constantly questioning science and unquestioning religion , by which time it 's too late to summon up much interest . -LRB- The longer version that premiered at Cannes in 2009 to such a poor response was a little bit more balanced
 Although I bought this movie in Feb. i did n't try to watch it until April19th it would not play because it had a region code error whatever the hell that is . do n't buy a product that does not directly come from amazon.com
 No nudity or foul language , but much sexually oriented language . Parodies scenes from popular movies . Crude but cute , funny at times . Worth seeing for fans of Keri Russell . -LRB- Believe it or not they spelled her first name Kerri on the jacket ! -RRB-
 It was ok , but that was about it . As I think many people have said , it 's for those who really like Keri Russel , but did n't testher acting ability at all.Oh , and it can be bought on DVD out of the UK at blackstar , andmaybe amazon.co.uk for those of you with multizoning .
 you will enjoy this movie . It 's all about one thing ... sex . More specifically , it 's all about a young man 's sexual obsession for his gorgeous neighbor , the super-gorgeous Keri Russell . I admit , she is the only reason to watch this movie .
 This movie is really awful . It `` might '' be funny if the viewer is a low IQ teen-ager but for the average movie-goer it is just plain bad.The movie is billed as a romantic comedy and I suppose it is but the humor is not funny and the romance is not romantic.The lead character sleeps on the sidewalk outside the house of the object of his affection . His parents are nutty and his neighbors are nutty . None of the characters are believable and the dialogue is gibberish .
 2001
 The plot involves something about astronaut Dean Fredericks landing on an asteroid where he 's shrunk down to miniature size by a race of miniature people who ... Oh , forget it . This minor curiosity from the early 60 's combines the schlocky production values of Grade-Z sci-fi films from the 50 's with a bit of the campy excess found in the Saturday-matinee serials of the 1930 's . The result is watchable but not especially fun.Dean Fredericks -LRB- better known for his short-lived `` Steve Canyon '' series on TV -RRB- is stiff and humorless as the astronaut but he has the right looks and he gets the opportunity to do an extended bare-chest scene . -LRB- If you ca n't act , flex . -RRB- An old , tired , and almost-pathetic Francis X. Bushman pops up in a small part . It 's sad to see `` Messala '' wearing such a tatty costume in such a low-budget movie .
 Phantom Planet bills itself as an unintentional comic cheeseball on the level of a 50 's cult classic - It is n't ; it 's rather and early to mid-60 's snooze-athon . The haircuts are maddening and the babes are n't cute . Resist the Phantom Planet . And remember I warned you .
 I saw this movie when it first came out , -LRB- I was six or seven years old -RRB- . It scared me pretty good , I could n't walk down darkened hallways or into dark rooms . My older brother -LRB- by almost four years -RRB- however , exploited these conditions fairly well , and succeeded in terrorizing me even further , every chance that he got.Without a doubt , this movie is hokey by today 's standards . But it was well worth the purchase price to relive an influential fraction of my childhood .
 This is what one would consider a `` crappy sci-fi movie '' . It seems like half of it was made as they went along , and the `` planets '' look like they came from KFC . Half the time the actors do n't even look like they know what they 're doing.I mean , everything is so stupidly explained . The reason Paul Chapman -LRB- the star -RRB- shrinks is because he `` inhaled -LSB- the planet -RSB- 's oxygen '' and `` became in proportion with everything else '' on the planet . Also , if he inhaled Earth 's oxygen , he 'd grow back to his normal size . As for how the whole language thing was described , the airwaves carried out sound waves and translated them to a language the lsitener could understand . Also , in a scene where Paul and his navigator had to repair the ship , they simply walked outside and started to repair it . In the words of Mike Nelson `` good thing there 's so much gravity out in space '' . Anyway , if you want to watch it , you 're much better off watching the MST3K version so you can at least laugh at it .
 it is so awful it could fall into that gray zone reserved for those pictures not bad enough to be called ` cult classics ' but better than some . I saw the MST3K version and was able to come up with almost the same quips as the hosts did . I am not sorry I watched the picture but then Francis X. Bushman was my Great Uncle , -LRB- he played the leader of the little people on the Phantom Planet -RRB- and I felt I had a duty .
 Dan Fredericks stars as Capt. Frank Chapman is launched away into space when Earth discovers an undiscovered planet which appears in the solar system . Chapman crash lands his ship on the surface of the planet , gets out and falls unconsious . A race of tiny people who find Chapman lying there on the ground . He wakes up sees them and eventually shrinks to tiny form . He is taken into the place where they all live . He 's giving tests of strength and so forth . They tiny people possess the technology to move their planet from galaxy to galaxy to evade their enemies . Soon their enemies the Solarites , Chapman helps them in their aid to help them save the day . 'T was an interesting watch . The Solarite was hilarious and hey Richard Kiel -LRB- Eegah ! , The Longest Yard -RRB- plays the part ... whooo ! Fredericks wasnt that bad actually in his role and ze women were lovely to look at . A terribly silly hokey pokey adventure . Also starring Coleen Gary , Anthony Dexter , Francis X. Bushman , Richard Weber and Al Jarvis
 Note that manufacturer RCF uses the same cut-and-paste editorial blurb on all their DVDs . Every RCF movie -LRB- no matter HOW obscure -RRB- is `` considered to be one of the top 100 greatest classic films of all time . `` THE PHANTOM PLANET is a cinematic lowlight of that vintage year of 1961 . PP reeks of ineptitude , from a creaky script and crap acting to laughable factual and visual errors . Here , monkey wrench-armed men somehow walk on a spaceship 's wing in zero-gravity outer space . This same craft lands belly-down despite a sideward rocket thrust . And no , you 're not seeing things -- that man actually DID check the time on his ` phantom ' wristwatch -LRB- it must be half-past arm hair -RRB- . SYNOPSIS -- A planet defies the Laws of Physics by travelling the galaxy under its own steam . While between suns this gadabout orb somehow maintains an atmosphere that supports Lilliputian-sized aliens , plus nasty monsters . When an extraterrestrial expedition vanishes , two men are sent to investigate . One of these astronauts ends up on the mysterious planet , where he meets little people -LRB- including mini-skirted beauties -RRB- and promptly shrinks to their size from breathing alien air -LRB- how convenient ! -RRB- . He helps his new tiny friends fight off the big boogers that are apparently immune to miniaturization . Or maybe the atmosphere transformed them into giants . Or maybe no one gives two whistles about who 's big and who is n't . One final bit of balderdash
 Note that manufacturer RCF uses the same cut-and-paste editorial blurb on all their DVDs . Every RCF movie -LRB- no matter HOW obscure -RRB- is `` considered to be one of the top 100 greatest classic films of all time . `` THE PHANTOM PLANET is a cinematic lowlight of that vintage year of 1961 . PP reeks of ineptitude , from a creaky script and crap acting to laughable factual and visual errors . Here , monkey wrench-armed men somehow walk on a spaceship 's wing in zero-gravity outer space . This same craft lands belly-down despite a sideward rocket thrust . And no , you 're not seeing things -- that man actually DID check the time on his ` phantom ' wristwatch -LRB- it must be half-past arm hair -RRB- . SYNOPSIS -- A planet defies the Laws of Physics by travelling the galaxy under its own steam . While between suns this gadabout orb somehow maintains an atmosphere that supports Lilliputian-sized aliens , plus nasty monsters . When an extraterrestrial expedition vanishes , two men are sent to investigate . One of these astronauts ends up on the mysterious planet , where he meets little people -LRB- including mini-skirted beauties -RRB- and promptly shrinks to their size from breathing alien air -LRB- how convenient ! -RRB- . He helps his new tiny friends fight off the big boogers that are apparently immune to miniaturization . Or maybe the atmosphere transformed them into giants . Or maybe no one gives two whistles about who 's big and who is n't . One final bit of balderdash
 Dan Fredericks stars as Capt. Frank Chapman is launched away into space when Earth discovers an undiscovered planet which appears in the solar system . Chapman crash lands his ship on the surface of the planet , gets out and falls unconsious . A race of tiny people who find Chapman lying there on the ground . He wakes up sees them and eventually shrinks to tiny form . He is taken into the place where they all live . He 's giving tests of strength and so forth . They tiny people possess the technology to move their planet from galaxy to galaxy to evade their enemies . Soon their enemies the Solarites , Chapman helps them in their aid to help them save the day . 'T was an interesting watch . The Solarite was hilarious and hey Richard Kiel -LRB- Eegah ! , The Longest Yard -RRB- plays the part ... whooo ! Fredericks wasnt that bad actually in his role and ze women were lovely to look at . A terribly silly hokey pokey adventure . Also starring Coleen Gary , Anthony Dexter , Francis X. Bushman , Richard Weber and Al Jarvis
 2001
 The plot involves something about astronaut Dean Fredericks landing on an asteroid where he 's shrunk down to miniature size by a race of miniature people who ... Oh , forget it . This minor curiosity from the early 60 's combines the schlocky production values of Grade-Z sci-fi films from the 50 's with a bit of the campy excess found in the Saturday-matinee serials of the 1930 's . The result is watchable but not especially fun.Dean Fredericks -LRB- better known for his short-lived `` Steve Canyon '' series on TV -RRB- is stiff and humorless as the astronaut but he has the right looks and he gets the opportunity to do an extended bare-chest scene . -LRB- If you ca n't act , flex . -RRB- An old , tired , and almost-pathetic Francis X. Bushman pops up in a small part . It 's sad to see `` Messala '' wearing such a tatty costume in such a low-budget movie .
 Phantom Planet bills itself as an unintentional comic cheeseball on the level of a 50 's cult classic - It is n't ; it 's rather and early to mid-60 's snooze-athon . The haircuts are maddening and the babes are n't cute . Resist the Phantom Planet . And remember I warned you .
 I saw this movie when it first came out , -LRB- I was six or seven years old -RRB- . It scared me pretty good , I could n't walk down darkened hallways or into dark rooms . My older brother -LRB- by almost four years -RRB- however , exploited these conditions fairly well , and succeeded in terrorizing me even further , every chance that he got.Without a doubt , this movie is hokey by today 's standards . But it was well worth the purchase price to relive an influential fraction of my childhood .
 This is what one would consider a `` crappy sci-fi movie '' . It seems like half of it was made as they went along , and the `` planets '' look like they came from KFC . Half the time the actors do n't even look like they know what they 're doing.I mean , everything is so stupidly explained . The reason Paul Chapman -LRB- the star -RRB- shrinks is because he `` inhaled -LSB- the planet -RSB- 's oxygen '' and `` became in proportion with everything else '' on the planet . Also , if he inhaled Earth 's oxygen , he 'd grow back to his normal size . As for how the whole language thing was described , the airwaves carried out sound waves and translated them to a language the lsitener could understand . Also , in a scene where Paul and his navigator had to repair the ship , they simply walked outside and started to repair it . In the words of Mike Nelson `` good thing there 's so much gravity out in space '' . Anyway , if you want to watch it , you 're much better off watching the MST3K version so you can at least laugh at it .
 it is so awful it could fall into that gray zone reserved for those pictures not bad enough to be called ` cult classics ' but better than some . I saw the MST3K version and was able to come up with almost the same quips as the hosts did . I am not sorry I watched the picture but then Francis X. Bushman was my Great Uncle , -LRB- he played the leader of the little people on the Phantom Planet -RRB- and I felt I had a duty .
 I wasted my money when I bought this , washed out color , streaks in picture , after 15 min . into movie it just stopped . Very very poor quality . Big rip off . Movie is now in garbage .
 I wish I had read the other reviews first . Though the quality of the episode and the video are top notch , the episode cuts off after 22 minutes . Obviously , I already know the ending of `` The Black Death '' , but I still wanted to see the full show !
 This item is supposedly titled `` UFOs
 The episodes in this series have an average running time of 50 minutes . This one happens to be only 18 minutes . This mean sthat the file abruptly stops right in the middle . Even though it only cost me $ 2 I still got jipped . Let 's hope Amazon can iron out these kinds of problems before they get this service farther underway . Be careful enough to sheck the running times to be sure they seem accurate before you buy them .
 pensava que fosse o filme tibetano . O titulo do filme &eacute; o mesmo que o filme tibetano ! Achei oportunismo lanar um filme de mesmo nome ! : - -LRB-
 Sequel to the somewhat-thrilling `` Romancing the Stone '' , this movie was more entertainment than adventure tale . It starts off well enough , with another of Joan Wilder 's romantic tales , and segues to real-life where Joan and Jack are taking the cruise they promised each other at the end of `` Romancing the Stone '' . From there the tale is fairly predicatable , and there are some action shots that will make you groan -LRB- the scene with the jet fighter is a particular groaner -RRB- , but there are enough highlights to make the effort worthwhile . Danny DeVitto is terrific in this film and provides some much-needed comic relief in just the right spots .
 I had forgotten about the movie `` Jewel of the Nile '' -LRB- 1985 -RRB- until I attended a small performing arts theater tucked into the wilderness of the Lake Region of Maine . There - in a theater that looked more like a barn than a stage -- I caught the rather amusing one-man show of Avner Eisenberg.He did physical comedy , mostly complicated pratfalls . While perusing his biography in the program , I found this nugget
 Not too bad for a sequel , but this film has absolutely none of the `` magic '' of the original . Everything seems forced , contrived , and artificial by comparison . As others have noted , the story ended precisely where it should have at the close of `` Romancing the Stone . '' Too bad they did not leave well enough alone .
 While I could pick at one or two points about `` Romancing the Stone '' , there 's no reason to ; it was a positively delightful and enjoyable film in every respect . A real gem -LRB- no pun intended , of course -RRB- . But `` Jewel '' had absolutely none of the charm of its predecessor . `` Romancing ... '' ended exactly where it should have ended -- what a misguided thought it was to pick up the story after the `` happily ever after '' ending of the first film . Some stories just end where they 're supposed to end ; with Scarlett O'Hara losing Rhett ; with Rick Blaine nobly giving up Ilsa for a greater good ; with Atticus sitting up in Jem 's bedroom while Jem sleeps . Sequels for any of these would be a travesty -LRB- sadly , it 's happened anyway for a couple of them -RRB- . While `` Romancing ... '' is not on a par with these books and movies , it nevertheless ended in a very appropriate way , and it 's a shame it was n't left there .
 I 'm not gon na buy it because they did n't includeBilly Ocean 's When The Going Get Tough music videofrom the soundtrack.It makes no sense not to include itbecause Michael Douglas , Kathleen Turnerand Danny DeVito were in the video.Scott
 I could n't believe how bad this was . The soundtrack , the acting , the special effects , the story , the romance , the comedy . Not one aspect worked or was engaging . I can not think of one redeeming factor about this movie . Honestly , it 's shocking people have enjoyed this movie . Cheesy is not a strong enough word . Please do n't waste time watching this film when there are so many more enjoyable and better executed films .
 This movie along with the first one , `` Romancing the Stone `` are just not very good movies.When a movie gets you to say -LRB- quote -RRB- `` what the **** is going on here ? '' then something has got to be wrong with it.This one was better for me than the first one , but still kind of stupid . At least there was an F16 aircraft in this one , but that does n't make the movie.If you are used to the Real Indiana Jones movies then this an insult to filmmaking . I just hated the first one , `` Romancing the Stone '' , Just every minute of watching was like `` oh come on ! '' unbelieveably stupid things happening for no reason , like when they accidentally just find a jewel wrapped in a paper tin foil in a stream , and they kind of wipe themselves with it . -LRB- they almost wipe their asses with it , -RRB- There was a bunch of mud on the jewel , oh my goodness , could this film be made any worse ? Danny devito is like right behind them , he just takes it away from them and smiles ... . Terrible ! @ I just ca n't have this film in my video collection , but I ca n't give it to anyone like a friend of mine because that would be like a mean trick . I ; 'll just have to throw it away or recycle it ... On the other hand , I have several copies of the original `` Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark '' in widescreen , now that movie is a m a z i n g . Do yourself a favor and watch the widescreen version of Indiana Jones instead of this bul **** good luck , Michael from California
 this movie was ecky . it was all about some muslim African dictator and the abuses of his people . and of course there had to be a rebellious faction that was trying to over throw him . this had nothing to do with Romancing the Stone with the exception of having the same 3 characters . and perhaps seeing this back in the 80s when it came out it might have a hint of something new ... after 9/11 and Iraq and Afghanistan and Libya and Egypt and Yemen and Iran and Syria and Lebananon and Kuwait ... I am not interested in this movie , its subject or its setting .
 This film is a lame attempt to capitalize on the immensely popular , and sizzling , Romancing the Stone . This time around , however the new screenwriter -LRB- that took over the reins from RTS ' original screenwriter , Diane Thomas , who was now busy helping Steven Spielberg develop his romantic epic , Always -RRB- went for more of a core relationship between the two leads , Jack T. Colton -LRB- Michael Douglas -RRB- and Joan Wilder -LRB- Kathleen Turner -RRB- , with dismal consequences . The romance that brought them together in RTS is largely gone , replaced now by a kind of boredom and disdain . Jack still very much loves Joan , and , in male-establishment '80s form , wants her to follow his every lead as he sails around the world , but Joan , in feminist '80s form , wants out . We 'd see this kind of relationship , with equal disdain , later from our two leads when they played a husband and wife in The War of the Roses , but this is not the way I , and undoubtedly much of the public , wants to see them ! They 're Tracy and Hepburn ! We like it when they were enchanted with each other , and in chasing the object of the quest . Frankly , they 're SEXIER in RTS . Here , they bicker like an old married couple . Guess this is what happens with extended cohabitation . The transfer is fine , but the story does n't quite work this time around for me .
 Following the footsteps of `` Romancing the Stone '' which I thoroughly enjoyed , it 's easy to understand why the series stopped here . In the previous film , lightweight though it may be , there is no question that the chemistry between Michael Douglas and Kathleen Turner helps make it fun to watch . Not so here . This is essentially a lame attempt at comedy with some ludicrous adventure thrown in . Poorly written it does n't work very well . I ca n't totally dismiss it , because of Douglas and Turner but come on .
 What a stinker !!!!!! It started out slow and then fizzled out all togeter . It was a real bore . Do n't recommend Ocean 13 till it hits the bargin bin at Walmart . Then I would have to think about it .
 ... and we as an audience lose ! This has got to be the lamest Ocean yet - big , loud , boring , -LRB- and the best for last -RRB- , really , really stupid ! So these cool guys have a great `` franchise '' - good for them ! Great moviemaking it 's not - great marketing - well , who cares !
 Okay , if your idea of a good movie is one in which you get to do nothing more than swoon at the male lead , this must be your dream movie . On the other hand , if you like your movies to have a story , character development , suspense , intrigue , action , great dialogue , interesting locations ... well , just about anything other than a hunk to stare at , you are seriously out of luck here!This is a truly abysmal movie . Not least because the writers/director/producers just went through the motions . For example , on countless occasions the characters tell us about some absolutely impossible problem they 're up against and yet , within seconds , they 've overcome that ` impossible ' problem with almost no difficulty or thought . There is never any ` will they succeed or wo n't they ' suspense created . There is no action to speak of . There is no intrigue surrounding the characters or story . There is not cunningly elaborate scam . As for character development ? Okay , you do n't always need a great deal of that to make a great movie , but here there 's just squat ! Really , the characters all appear - all cardboard - go through the motions with a plot that gives them nothing to work with , then the movie finishes . That 's it.This is one of the worst movies of recent times . It offers nothing . The only people who may like it are those who are easily satisfied by being able to drool over Clooney , Pitt , or Damon for an hour or two .
 Not any where near as good as the films preceeding it . Big stars but little on substance . They have over extended themselves on this concept or theme .
 I had the same problem as some other users . I rented this movie and downloaded it . When I went to watch it later it was gone and no record of it ever being there could be found . Amazon took my $ 3.99 claiming I already watched it . Do n't rent this movie . It is broken .
 I am not sure what this movie was about or maybe it was that I did not really care .
 I got this for someone for a Christmas present . It arrived , open , with no factory seals . I asked for them to reship it , and the second one arrived today , open , no factory seals . Once might be an accident , but twice I have to ask what is Amazon doing here ? Based on the other reviews complaining about poor quality , did they just get a load of pirated dvds or what ? You 'd think even the pirates would bother to try to make them look NEW .
 Not as good as Ocean 's 11 . The film must not have been recorded digitally . The image quality of this high definition bluray movie look no better than DVD . I 'm not impressed at all . Just buy DVD if you really want this movie .
 If you have seen Ocean 's Eleven or Twelve , do n't bother . Ripping off a casino is beginning to get old . Its bascially the same concept as the first ones , but with a few different problems and changed scenarios . Its a bit entertaining , and fine if you have nothing better to do , but they are beginning to run the storyline into the ground . If you 're a fan of any of the superstars in this movie then it may be worth watching , but it has very little originality and got to be quite boring at times , we get it , thiefs-good , casinos-bad .
 I looked forward to seeing Ocean 's Thirteen , but within ten minutes of the movie starting , I could tell it was going to be a let down . WAY too much time was spent talking about and setting up the plot . I found myself saying , `` Come on , lets get on with the movie '' several times . When the `` action '' finally started to happen , I was disappointed with that , as well . I was hoping to see something clever , with some action scenes , and fun , but this movie did not deliver . The storyline was weak . The acting was n't good , although I did enjoy seeing Al Pacino , Andy Garcia , and Ellen Barkin . I love George Clooney , but this is definitely not his best work . Save your money and make this a rental , or just skip it all together .
 Assemble an all star cast , throw in the money , add good visual effects , and what do we have ? We have a real stinker , little more than a modern day version of the classic `` The Sting '' . Redford and Newman would be on the floor in stitches watching this pathetic debacle . In the first place , there are just too many people running around , and even though each player fulfills his role , the characters actually tend to distract rather than attract the viewer . Secondly , Clooney fails to step forward as the leader of this retaliatory project ; instead of Superman , the audience gets Clark Kent.Pacino tries mightily to be the `` heavy '' , yet things get so bad at the end that this mobster can easily be taken as a sympathetic character ; certainly not what was intended.Looking for a Christmas gift for your worst enemy ? You 've definitely come to the right `` casino '' .
 Just as I expected after seeing Ocean 's 12 . But I had to please my wife to sit throuh 2 hours of frustration . This movie really sucks big time . The story is boring and the humor is corny . When the action starts to happen , within 10 minutes the movie ends . You can rent this DVD later on when there 's nothing else to watch . Thank goodness for DVD , otherwise we 'll soon pay $ 20 for each movie , while these celebrities compete each other by getting millions of dollars for stupid films like this .
 it came with empty case , there is no disk inside . very disappointed.please be careful when you order ... waste time .
 The boys spring into action when crooked bigshot boss Willie Banks -LRB- Al Pacino -RRB- cheats Reuben Tishkoff -LRB- Elliott Gould -RRB- out of his share of a new casino . While Rueben recovers from a heart attack , Danny Ocean -LRB- George Clooney -RRB- and company -LRB- Brad Pitt , Matt Damon , ad nauseum -RRB- implement a far-fetched and ill-defined plan to sink the big opening.I really enjoyed the first movie and found something to appreciate in the second , as well , but this third installment is just awful from beginning to end . They use the drill that dug the Chunnel to burrow under the casino so they can simulate an earthquake ? Really ? Are you kidding me ? And nobody notices ? By the way , when the first one breaks down , they manage to come up with a second one . This is only one element of a plan that would require unlimited resources and the omnipotence of the Almighty himself to pull off . I think it was just made as an excuse for Clooney and his cool posse to pal around in Vegas for a few months . What a life !
 Having seen the first one -LRB- Ocean 11 -RRB- and found it bearable lighthearted entertainment I came across Ocean 13 on cable and gave it a chance . Of all the low ratings most seem to be unhappy with the DVD quality but finding the movie ok ... As I saw it on cable I can not comment on the DVD format but can safely say I found the movie boring , the acting uninspired and the plot far fetched and overly technical . You dont need to be 88 years old to be unable to relate to the way in which the plot is to be carried out ... the main actors repeatedly admit they dont even themselves when presented to them.The movie is very slow paced and often outright boring and there is very few witty lines to cheer up us viewers . Clearly this movie was made , as most sequels are , to make ` an easy buck ' which I am sure they did on our expense .
 Movie 's good ! But DVD sucks big time !!! I 've got VHS cassettes in better quality than that DVD . At the beginning , I thought my Sony Home Theatre System -LRB- DAV HDX500 -RRB- & Sony Bravia TV got totally messed up . Turned out , there 's nothing wrong with the equipment - thank God ! DVD 's a problem!Sound -LRB- Only 2.1 -RRB- & Picture Quality -LRB- Very grainy , lack of focus etc. -RRB- make that movie `` unpleasant '' to watch . Even if you have decent TV & HTS . Kind of a bad copy of a very used VHS cassette . Shame on Warner Bros. or those guys who release such poor quality DVDs . I decided to buy/rent a couple more copies and compare the quality . If they 're any better , than Amazon.com should reconsider their partnership with the distributor or whoever they are , 'cause it 's definitely not the product I 've expected !
 Warner Bros seems to be trying to populate their Blu-ray portfolio on the cheap . The sound is just Dolby 5.1 , the same as a cheap DVD would have -LRB- some DVD have better -RRB- and the picture ... it might have been some artistic selection to make it so but , I am not kidding , I spent 15-20 minutes while watching this movie trying to adjust my TV , thinking that maybe it was something wrong with it.I will not recommend buying this . News to Warner Bros
 All I can say is that I am extremely disappointed in the video quality for a high definition disc . Sure , the picture sharpness is way better then DVD , but there is SO much noise and grain in the video , it is almost unwatchable . A friend got the DVD and even though it is not as crisp , the grain and noise is so much less . I am completely disappointed in this Bluray version . So much in fact that I am trying to exchange for the DVD version it is so bad . It is as if the disc is defective , but from reading other reviews , that is just how bad this version is . Stay away .
 The movie was ok.The picture quality on the DVD sucks . I 'm taking it back to the store where I purchased it .
 I have a new Samsung 1080p HDTV and an Onkyo A/V receiver which upconverts video to near HD quality using the Faroudja processing chip . Every other Standard Definition DVD I have watched on this system looks fantastic . However , Oceans 13 looked awful . The picture was very grainy and the colors were distorted . The actors all had orange skin which made them look like they slathered themselves with some cheap tanning lotion . I could only stand to watch about 45 minutes of this DVD.I did some research online and found that a few DVDs do n't look good when processed by an upconverting DVD player or receiver . Oceans 13 was specifically mentioned on one A/V forum as a DVD which looks awful when upconverted . Very disappointing to say the least . If you have an upconverting DVD player or receiver , do n't waste your money on this movie .
 The color balance on this was so bad I returned the disc , thinking that it was defective . The characters have orange skin , the contrast loses all the shadow details , and the color is so saturated that it 's almost unwatchable . It was NOT this bad in the theater.I finally turned down the color on my TV by 50 % to make it through the movie . This disc has the same problem on two different DVD players and two different TVs - it 's the encoding , not the hardware.Skip this unless you 're on a B&W ; set !
 This is the grainiest DVD I have seen in a long time . Do not buy this piece of junk . It looks like they crammed too much on a single layer DVD where they needed a dual layer . Buy the Blu-Ray or HD-DVD version , but do n't buy the DVD !!! Very disappointing .
 The first two were elaborate but semi-believable , the third was just too much . The obsessive request to get revenge was just exhausting . The best part was the poor hotel diamond reviewer and good ending .
 Look , I know these movies are stupid vanity projects , but I really enjoyed Oceans 11 and 12 , the guys seemed to be having fun and it was light -LRB- and I do mean light -RRB- entertainment , but this one is just lazy and nobody seems to be having the least amount of fun , the least of which is the audience . I mean Pitt keeps looking at his watch as if to say , shouldnt I be picking up Angela 's teddy from the dry cleaner ? Really , all of the actors in this film should be ashamed to cash their hefty checks , this is totally mailed in . Pacino is totally wasted and the plot , as if their ever really is one in these stupid movies , is totally convoluted , I mean what the f is Eddie Lizzard even talking about , you shouldnt need a degree in macro physics to figure out a movie plot . I dont recommend this movie in the least , frankly id like the two hours of my life back wasted on this inane tripe .
 After really enjoying Ocean 's 11 & 12 , we were really looking forward to 13 . What a hodgepodge of scenes with very little thread to tie them together . Save your money - if you feel you have to see this , go rent it to see if you really like it . I bet you wo n't end up buying a copy .
 I loved the slickly packaged , star-studded fluff that was `` Ocean 's 11 -LRB- the remake , of course -RRB- . '' After the farcical nonsense that was `` Ocean 's 12 , '' director Steve Soderbergh promised that `` Ocean 's 13 '' would be an assured return to form . With the addition of the Godfather , himself , Al Pacino , and the welcome return of actress Ellen Barkin I was primed for a cool time . The result in Blackjack jargon - House Bust ! `` Ocean 's 13 '' is nothing more than a remake of `` Ocean 's 11 '' minus the palpable fun and energy . With no Julia Roberts this time around to provide any romantic heat , writers Brian Koppelman and David Levian bring back these icy-cool Robin Hoods for another casino raid . Again the patsy is another thug like Vegas tycoon -LRB- Pacino -RRB- who has fleeced Reuben Tishkoff -LRB- Elliot Gould -RRB- , our hero Danny Ocean 's mentor , of millions and literally breaking the man 's heart . Seeking revenge -LRB- think `` The Sting '' -RRB- , A-List stars George Clooney -LRB- Ocean -RRB- , Brad Pitt , and Matt Damon and the rest of familiar faces from the previous movies dream up another elaborate caper -LRB- these thieves all seem to be members of MENSA -RRB- to embarrass Pacino and also steal his prized possession of diamonds.Soderbergh is a gifted filmmaker , of course , and has managed to infuse all the `` Ocean '' movies with a snappy , retro 60 's vibe . However , the problem lies in the fact that after `` Ocean 's 11 '' there was no discernible reason to see any of these characters again -LRB- unless if you 're a greedy studio executive with an eye on the box office -RRB- . Thus , `` Ocean 's 13 '' is another pointless , soulless sequel-the proverbial , dull tasting , third glass of beer . The lack of urgency shows in the material and the actors . Clooney and company all interact as if they were stoic world leaders during an economic summit . Pitt , in particular , seems visibly bored and I can hardly blame him . His part more than ever could have been filled by well-dressed department store mannequin and he oddly disappears through out the midsection of this movie -LRB- `` Hey George , got ta go ! Angelina and the kids need me ! '' -RRB- . Pacino seems game at first with an edgy performance but ultimately is made to look wide-eyed and ridiculous while Barkin does indeed smolder as Pacino 's bitchy first lieutenant . Also comic veterans Carl Reiner and David Paymer are among the few with a twinkle in their eyes.It 's better to skip the adventures of Ocean and his boys and watch Jules Dasin 's grittier `` Rififi - the granddaddy of all nifty capers .
 Do n't waste your money on the HD version of Ocean 's 13 . It looks like some of the scenes were shot with a diffusion filter . I do n't care to have my HD system look fuzzy ! It was viewed on a 47 '' Toshiba LCD cine pro3 & Toshiba HD DVD player . High definition-this one is not .
 Sure it looks like Clooney , Pitt and Damon are having a good time , but this one trick pony has been a rotting carcass for some time now . Nothing in this movie is believable . Willie Banks should have been on the look out for these guys the minute he thought about crossing Reuben . No way a man of Danny and Rusty 's thieving statures would be able to even walk into a casino . That town does n't play . Despite a weak plot and bad acting Ocean 's 13 is nothing more than sleek man candy and I 'm glad I did n't pay a dime to see it .
 This HD dvd disk has a very poor picture and sound quality . This is one disk to avoid .
 I only buy my movies on blu-ray because I want to watch my movies with the highest possible standard of equipment available to the public market . On the blu-ray copy of Oceans 's Thirteen it felt as if Rusty had lipstick on the entire length I could bare to watch ; low light situations felt as if I was watching `` A Scanner Darkly '' in which the characters had this eerie cel-shaded appearance ; and worst of all I could n't bring myself to finish the movie . I only give this a two star rating for the fact that I know the story , acting , and production of this movie was well worth the money but the quality of the blu-ray was an absolute waste of a piece of plastic . Some scenes I could barely make out the characters , and some scenes look phenomenal . Absolutely embarrassing on Warner Brothers , JW Productions , Village Roadshow , or whomever was responsible for making this blu-ray .
 I have the DVD of this movie but it was defective so I decided to replace it with a Blu-Ray copy . I guess the problems of the DVD were transferred to Blu-Ray . In the second half of the movie , it kicked me out 5 times ; after that I stopped the movie . The DVD had issues such as kicking me out and then breaking up so much that I could n't watch it . The Blu-Ray did n't break up but just kept kicking me out . I guess I will never own a copy of this movie that actually works . Blu-Ray or DVD , they both have serious problems ; do n't waste your money .
 There are lots of comments about the movie itself and I found it to be fun , more of `` Ocean 's 11 '' and less of `` 12 '' -LRB- a very good thing -RRB- . My issue is with the very poor visual quality . From the beginning and throughout the movie , the on-screen presentation is very grainy , looking like a second - or third-generation copy of a videotape . I have the widescreen DVD , not HD , version . I bought this just to see the movie , not to look for a home theater demonstration disc , so my expectations were not too high . `` Ocean 's 13 '' quality however failed to deliver to the low bar I set for it . I watched this on a Sony 70 '' Qualia 006 rear-projection HDTV , a device that is pretty unforgiving of bad source material . Suggest rather than spending the money to own this DVD that instead spend a lot less and download the film to TiVo or put it in your NetFlix rotation .
 Do n't waste the time to watch this film . Old tricks and lame acting make this film a complete dud .
 Is it just me or has Warner Bros downgraded the quality of their DVDs ? I started noticing this with such releases as OCEANS 13 and the newest HARRY POTTER . It appears they 're compressing the video content on the discs more than ever making the quality almost unwatchable on a Plasma or LCD 32 ' or larger . Could they be doing this to push more people into buying BlueRay ? That would be my only guess . This is strange considering that FOX and Paramount are making better quality/less compressed regular DVDs . I know the more extras you have on the disc the more compressed the image quality may be but this has never stopped Warner from making a decent product before -LRB- though their DVD quality has always been much lower than most other brands -RRB- .
 I do n't understand why this movie ships with the Toshiba HD DVD player . The intent of the filmaker was to give the look of a 60 's era film . For someone viewing their first HD DVD - they will be extremely disappointed in the picture . I tweaked with all picture settings trying to make it look better . After a bit of research , I learned that this was the way the film was produced . Just do n't let this be your first HD DVD viewing experience !
 Everybody loves Ocean 's senior member , Reuben , so when Vegas Willy Banks cheats him out of their casino partnership and causes Reuben to have a heart attack , the Ocean 's team get back togetehr for revenge.This should be great . They 've got another big stakes heist on a Vegas casino . Oh , and the dastardly Terry Benedict from `` Eleven '' has even joined the team because he wants to break the `` Banks '' as much as the Ocean 's team does.So , why did n't it work ? Too much detail and too much setup . You 're wiped out by the time the real action happens and while you want to see poor old Reuben get his own back -- it just does n't seem quite worth it at the end.I 'm glad I only rented this film and did n't see it at the theatre . I 'd strongly suggest anyone who has n't seen it and wants to rent `` Thirteen '' before buying it .
 I loved the first one but was confused by the second until I rewatched it a few times . Ocean 's 13 is even more confusing and I have NO desire to rewatch this mess of a film . The plot is just way too ridiculous and even more far fetched than the other two films . Also , I felt that the characters did n't really work as a team as in the other films . I just did n't feel like they gave it their all , and were just in it for another paycheck.Also , I found that the actual dvd quality was terrible . One of the worst I 've ever seen . It just showed up extremely dark and saturated on my 46 '' . There is absolutely no point in watching this film except if you like the actors in it . Other than that , the film is an utter confusing mess .
 Well , I 'd review it but the downloading to Unbox ca n't seem to handle more than one feature at a time . It slowed our connection down for a day per feature ... and did n't complete properly.Boo !
 I would n't know if the movie it 's self is worth watching or not.I 've rented it , put it in my Sony DVD player and the player would not recognize it at all.Put it in my computer and no problem.Took it back to video store and got another one , it wo n't play in my DVD player either !
 Well , I 'm not going to hammer this one to death because others have before me and I 'd only be repeating what has been said . Ocean 's 13 is n't much of an improvement over Ocean 's 12 , not by much at least . It was like watching a dull , dry documentary and it was difficult to pay attention . Much of the same jokes and cons were done again from the prior two films which contributed to the boredom . I found the bar room casino jazz soundtrack to play much like elevator music , it was monotonous and tiresome as well as the dialog . There was n't anything terribly original about this third installment of the Ocean 's 11 franchise/trilogy , in fact ... as a viewer it was insulting . In my opinion , Ocean 's 11 was and is the only film worthy of watching . It was a good reinvention of a classic which featured the original `` Rat Pack '' . Unfortunately Oceans 13 -LRB- just like Ocean 's 12 -RRB- suffer from what many other film franchises have before them . The lack of originality and what you have is a repeat of the same original film that did so well and was so entertaining , but flops in its retelling with only a few additions and tweaks to barely make a plot . I would n't rent this film , let alone Ocean 's 12 ever again and I certainly would n't buy it . Despite the all star cast , many of who are actor 's I enjoy seeing on screen , Ocean 's 13 just does n't have it , nor does it pack the punch promised from viewing the trailers early this past summer . This is just another example of how desperate Hollywood is and their drive to make a `` quick buck '' and the masses of people just follow like lemmings to plummet to their deaths .
 i am stunned at how amazingly terrible the quality was in this movie !! its not even that old ! i have black and white movies from the 50s that are SERIOUSLY better quality . i dont understand !!!!!!!!!!!!! its almost as if someone transfered the VHS version to another DVD . not very pleased !
 Once again , George Clooney and Brad Pitt combine to screw a Vegas casino , successfully , of course . But this whole enterprise is clearly now played out . Please do n't let there be an Ocean 's 14 . The world does not need it .
 Compared to the other two , this one was a dud . I 'm sure there wo n't be a Oceans 14 .
 Well , let 's see . First there was `` Ocean 's Eleven '' and it was a mildly interesting , mildly entertaining , mildly amusing movie . No big deal , but above average . Then came `` Ocean 's Twelve '' and it was just not a good follow-up . Well , what are you going to do ? I 've got this three-pack of Ocean movies so I bit the bullet and put `` Ocean 's Thirteen '' on for late night entertainment . . Well , it was back to Las Vegas and that was a relief . Hmmm . The soundtrack seemed to be better and was actually more interesting than the movie in a lot of places . Well , maybe that 's trying to tell you something about the movie . That 's right , folks . It was a snorer . The photography was good enough that it actually made Las Vegas look rather good . How do they do that ? Have you ever been to Las Vegas ? Have you ever looked at the city out and away from the tourist area ? Well here I go drifting away from the movie again . I guess that 's just how the movie went . Boring . I just could n't keep my mind on it . My wrist watch seemed to be more interesting . It was something about stealing diamonds and such . And there was a lot of effort devoted to shorting the casino . And there was an earthquake machine . Oh hell , The production values were high and everything was well done . I just wish some more work could n't have gone into the script . Also , I got awfully tired of watching Brad Pitt feeding his face . Hopefully , there 's not an Ocean 's Fourteen.Gary Peterson
 Ocean ; s Thirteen has to be the longest most drawn out movie in the whole series . First off the cast of actors look and act clueless in the parts . Like they read the script and said `` Okay this is going to be tough . `` Tough it is . It takes the first half of the movie to plan the crime , the other half just pulling it all off , and then the last half making sure that the cops do n't catch wind of this . By the time you get through the planning and all the long scenes and long boring dialoge that makes political speechs easy to understand by contrast , You do n't care anymore . You do not care about the characters or the story . You just want to leave the theater in disgust saying `` That 's money and a few hours of my life that I will never get back again . ''
 The order was placed on Sept 16th 2009 . Have not received the item till date so unable to review on the product.Regards , Vishagh .
 The single star is not a review of the movie , but to agree with other reviews that object to Combo releases . I question there is a real market for Combo releases and see this as a means to charge higher prices for the most popular movies . I refuse to buy any Combo releases for the higher $ $ $ and urge other buyers to do as well . We need to send a message or we will see everything released in Combo adding up to 40 % to the price !!! The arguments made for Combos are that -LRB- 1 -RRB- you can also play it on standard DVD players and -LRB- 2 -RRB- it `` future '' protects us in case the HD DVD format becomes obsolete . For -LRB- 1 -RRB- , there may be some interest in this but for me I did n't buy an HD DVD player to watch movies on a standard DVD player . For -LRB- 2 -RRB- frankly , I 'll take my chances because if HD DVD becomes obsolete , existing players will last for quite a while and combo players will be available . Also , I can afford to buy into Blu-Ray or any other new technology with the money I saved not buying Combos -LRB- I would n't take a step backward to DVD -RRB- . If the studios think there is a market for Combos , fine ! - > Just release a HD DVD only version also at the same time . See how many they sell of each . Frankly , I only moved up to HD DVD when I saw Amazon pricing them comparable to DVD . If you do n't think there is a strategy on the part of the studios using Combos to generate more revenue just look at the upcoming releases of White Noise -LRB- HD DVD only -RRB- and White Noise 2 -LRB- Combo -RRB- . What sense does that make other than to create interest with the first movie and then sock it to you on the second ! Look at this and other series -LRB- Bourne , Harry Potter , Oceans 11-13 , etc. -RRB- same pattern . If they truly want the launch of HD DVD to be successful -LRB- as I do ! -RRB- , Combos pricing is very counterproductive . Annoyed and frustrated .
 It said I already watched it and I had `` insufficient license . '' Thanks for nothing .
 1 -RRB- Bought the video rental2 -RRB- 13mins into it , the color gets all messed up suddenly3 -RRB- I shutdown and restart unbox , and the video mysteriously disappeared from the play list . All attempts to find/import failed .4 -RRB- Now i need to pay again to view it.Unbox is junk , use netflix instant viewing instead , it 's FREE , has most of the good tv shows -LRB- heroes , 30rock , etc. . -RRB- and works flawlessly .
 ** 1/2After the disastrous `` Ocean 's Twelve '' was released in 2004 , I ended my review by asking , `` We 've already had -LSB- this saga -RSB- sliced 11 and 12 ways with noticeably diminishing results ; do they dare go for unlucky 13 ? '' Well , at long last that question has been answered , and it has come in the form of a good news/bad news proposition . The good news is that `` Ocean 's Thirteen '' marks at least a slight improvement over the previous installment -LRB- but then again that ` s not a particularly high bar to jump over -RRB- . The bad news is that it is ONLY a slight improvement.For this latest entry in the series -LRB- which began , it is easy to forget , with the genuinely entertaining `` Ocean 's Eleven '' in 2001 -RRB- , writers Brian Koppelman and David Levien , and director Steven Soderbergh have at least had the wisdom to return the boys back to Las Vegas , not having them traipsing all over Europe , as they did in the second installment , on what seemed like a high-cost junket for a bunch of already overpaid actors . In `` Thirteen , '' Danny Ocean and his `` crew '' of con artist buddies rally behind the ailing Reuben Tishkoff -LRB- Elliot Gould -RRB- , who has just been cheated out of his portion of a brand new casino by his unscrupulous partner , the allegorically named Willie Bank -LRB- Al Pacino -RRB- , who wants the business all to himself . The plan is to sabotage Bank 's place so it will go belly-up even before it officially opens.At the beginning , `` Ocean 's Thirteen '' seems like it might turn out to be a fairly decent caper movie , but after about the first half hour or so , a noticeable fatigue and lethargy begin to creep into both the writing and the performances . Very quickly , the plot runs out of steam and we come to sense that the all-star players - George Clooney , Brad Pitt , Matt Damon , Don Cheadle , Bernie Mac , Andy Garcia , Carl Reiner et . al. - are merely going through the motions , hanging around just long enough to cash their hefty paychecks before heading off to worthier , more artistically rewarding endeavors . Clooney , Pitt , Damon and Cheadle , in particular , have been striking out on such interesting career paths of late , that , perhaps , their hearts just are n't in this saga much anymore . And without their acting like it matters , it makes it hard for us in the audience to feel that any of it matters either . `` Ocean 's Thirteen '' may be better than `` Ocean 's Twelve , '' but it 's still a largely half-hearted effort that does little to burnish the reputation of the original movie . I think it 's long past time to float this series out to sea so that its fine actors can continue pursuing more worthwhile projects . We would all benefit from a win-win proposition like that .
 Unlike the first and second movie , this film takes forever to get to the heist . Too much talking . Too much exposition . We spend more time watching the main characters have personal conversations . And the movie 's premise is primarily about revenge and loyalty which is okay but just does n't carry the same motivational umph as a dazzling prize to be taken . Plus , the movie tried to stuff a bunch of the characters from the last two movies into this one . Is it Ocean 's 100 ? Despite being unified by heist , the Ocean characters seem scattered and involved in their own personal agendas.Skip it .
 Ocean 's 11 was a great film , Ocean 's 12 and now 13 however are two of the most narcissistc , vain showboats I have ever seen . There is no point to Ocean 's 13 - it is vacuous and has one of the most absurd plots you 'll be likely to see . It is again just a vehicle for Pitt , Clooney et al to be paid to have a good time , without worrying about making a good film.My friend bought this on DVD , he may as well have simply posted 15 down the drain . What a waste of time . If you buy it , do n't say I did n't warn you .
 `` Willie Banks
 Good movie , bad movie , it 's the third one , you should know what you 're getting . Anyway , I just want to say that I 'm guessing Eddie Izzard originally had a much larger part & it ended up edited out for time to allow for more Clooney/Pitt face . Too bad because I think they really missed an opportunity to unleash the magic of Izzard . LOL He 's brilliant & I wish more Americans knew about him & his unbelievably charismatic intelligent humor . I do n't care if he 's wearing men 's clothing or dressed as executive transvestite , he 's hot in a way that Clooney/Pitt are , how do you say , not . AND bonus , he 's not just a pretty face like Pitt -LRB- hello , has he ever been good in anything ? Comment & let me know -RRB- , he can actually act . How about Clooney/Izzard for 14 ???
 Watching this was a painful experience . Pachino , who has crossed over into `` greatness '' in which his art suffocates his entertainment value -LRB- like Jack Nicholson -RRB- actually gave his most entertaining effort in quite some time . The story line was stupid beyond belief , the action was slow and jerky , and I wanted my $ 3 back .
 It 's interesting that this late ' 90 's franchise derived from the 60 's first major example of what the folks at `` Seinfeld '' might refer to as the `` about nothing '' syndrome . That original film was little more than a visualization of the tabloid interest in the lives of the Rat Packers , and a sad late career addition to the resume of the estimable Lewis Milestone -LRB- `` All Quiet on the Western Front '' , etc. -RRB- I would say that the original producers , at least , knew enough to stop at a single installment . However , such marginal `` entertainments '' as `` Sergeants 3 '' and `` Robin and the 7 Hoods '' were sort of sequels . Obviously , the new series also exists primarily because of the interest in celebrities named Clooney , Pitt and Damon . I found even the superior first entry to be of limited interest . I missed the roundly panned second , and was uninvolved in this ultimate sequel ... . except when Al Pacino is present . Hardly his best work , but he 's just such an interesting actor . His `` Sea of Love '' co-star Ellen Barkin is wasted in a demeaning turn as a tough as nails , yet unbelievably mooney minion of Pacino . Finally , I concur with another review which mentioned the quality of the regular DVD . This is by far the worst major studio transfer I have seen . It 's chock full of artifacts , visual distortion , and Low-Fi sound .
 But that is n't really saying much is it ? Most of the comedy fails and left my theater quiet . Some cool moments , although not realistic , kept my attention at least part of the time . The cast is great , but most are simply given nothing to do . Wait for the DVD if you must see it .
 This movie is sooooo slow and never gets a good take off . The filming is dark and you can hardly tell who is in each scene . The story line could have been a good one but the filming ruined it . So far Ocean 's 11 is the best of the three .
 The quality of the HD on the disc that I got was no better than the DVD copy on the other side . I really ca n't tell the difference . Really disappointing .
 I enjoyed Ocean 's Twelve . I skipped Ocean 's Eleven . I heard good things about Ocean 's Thirteen , so I downloaded it.Ocean 's Thirteen is supposed to be better than Twelve ; the characters are emotionally invested in the plot -LRB- as opposed to the first movie , where they were apparently needed the money , I guess -RRB- because this time they 're out for revenge . Reuben Tishkoff -LRB- Elliot Gould -RRB- invests in some properties only to have it forcibly taken from him in a move of Trumpian proportions by the nefarious Willie Bank -LRB- Al Pacino -RRB- . Poor Tishkoff suffers ... a stroke ? A broken heart ? Some kind of nondescript medical condition that leaves him bed-ridden ? Our boys are loaded with cash , so it 's just a matter of humiliating Bank , returning the property to Tishkoff , and making a quick buck in the process.The fact that they have to ally with Terry Benedict -LRB- Andy Garcia -RRB- is supposed to make the movie even more hilarious . But it does n't matter , because our heroes take it in stride . In fact , there 's never a moment in the film when we actually feel like things might go sour.There 's a lot of problems with Ocean 's Thirteen , not the least of which is the superhero status of our Justice League of Swinging Hip Guys . There 's too many of them . They 're all really rich at this point . And it 's hard to conceivably rouse them into action , even if one of their buddies got hurt . Or to put it another way , when Superman can punch you through a wall with his fist , does he really get that upset if you cut him off in traffic ? Does he even drive in traffic?Bank is supposed to be a really mean guy , but Pacino barely gets to tear up the scenery because it 's crowded with a dozen other actors . So he 's only sorta mean . He 's also really , really paranoid , which makes breaking into his place a challenge . He invests in all kinds of technological defenses , including an artificial intelligence that uses face recognition to spot cheats . Bank is truly a wonder of the modern age.Opposing this technological villain are our heroes , who kick it old school . And by old school , I mean they buy a gigantic drilling machine to cause an earthquake , thereby temporarily shutting down the computer security system and giving the team time to get in and get out.This is pretty much where the movie broke down for me . They bought a giant drill to get revenge on this guy ? Seriously ? When you have that much money , why not buy a big satellite laser and just nuke the guy from orbit?There are other nearly interesting plots , like the one in which Linus Caldwell -LRB- Matt Damon -RRB- decides he 's up to the challenge of seducing Bank 's right hand woman , Abigail Sponder -LRB- the SMOKING hot Ellen Barkin -RRB- . And what do we get ? Caldwell ends up using some ridiculous technological doodad to knock her off her heels , which seems suspiciously similar to a date-rape drug . If the movie was trying to make a statement about outwitting your opponent vs. using technology , it failed . If it was trying to imitate the Rat Pack , I do n't think drugging the hot chick -LRB- no matter how old she is -RRB- is how you do it . And given that Barkin smolders on-screen , the fact that there 's no actual pressing of flesh really makes the whole film into one big practical joke . If Ocean 's Thirteen were trying to emulate the old style heist movies , you 'd better believe Caldwell would be keeping the `` cougar '' busy . The greater sin is that this leaves Barkin with nothing to do than look stupid . She barely has any lines!There 's other stuff that happens , some of it meant to be funny that 's not so funny . Basher Tarr -LRB- Don Cheadle , still using that ridiculous accent -RRB- gets to ham it up , which is a high point in the movie . He writes touching letters to poor old Tishkoff to bring him out of his funk , but we 're robbed of any sentimental feeling because we never find out what 's in the letters . And for reasons that do n't make any sense to me , Brad Pitt and George Clooney are barely in the movie . It 's almost as if the guys thought that their egos got in the way of the second film , so instead they 'd make it all not about them in the third film and that would make it better.It does n't . Ocean 's Thirteen is a photocopy of a photocopy . It feels like it 's written by guys who did n't bother to see the original Ocean 's Eleven and instead wanted to put in jokes about funny noses and `` cougars . '' The allure of the Rat Pack is that they were men playing a boy 's game . Ocean 's Thirteen feels like boys playing a man 's game .
 Even thought this film pretty new release this year , but the transfer is very bad in many scene especially in dark , the scene on the elevator is probably the worst scene i see in blu-ray full of grains and a lot of inconnect color display . The sound is bad , are they kidding me no PCM or HD audio instead of crap dvd audio dolby 5.1 This is major film , how can they be lazy with the transfer .
 I 'm pleased to say that Unbox worked perfectly fine for me . With Comcast High Speed Cable , I was able to download the movie in under 30 minutes . Not bad.The movie itself , however , was only so-so . Definitely the worst out of the three Ocean movies . Why ? This one had the least amount of conflict . They were able to pull off the job too easily . No real surprises here . The plot was rushed and no different than the previous two Ocean movies . It was almost like watching a rerun . Would n't recommend it , even at $ 1.99 for a rental .
 I just saw 7 min from the film and i dout that its orignal !! -LRB- beyond Horrible -RRB-
 SCAMMER ! I received the DVD 's and they were clearly opened and had been resealed . The writing was even slanted and it was obvious these were knock off 's and or already opened . I contacted the seller , he told me to return the items and he 'd return the purchase price MINUS the shipping , which was about twice the price of the items.I did that , with USPS delivery confirmation . He then avoided me for OVER A MONTH and NEVER REFUNDED ME ! So I was out the items , shipping , and return shipping out of my pocket ! Thankfully Amazon reimbursed me for the purchase price plus shipping but BEWARE ! This was my worst experience on Amazon , Ebay , you name it .
 My technical experience with this DVD is best described as that of bitter disappointment . The DVD misfunctioned in my DVD player . I ordered a replacement and the dysfunction was the same . The video skipped and stalled . I can not understand how Warner Brothers Classics could issue such a product . Also there exists a VHS version which has the MAKING OF JOAN OF ARC as a trailer . I wonder why this format was not duplicated for the DVD version.The film and the subject matter is great . The technical quality of the DVD is bitterly poor , diappointing .
 There have been many films about Joan of Arc starting as early as 1899 by pioneer film inventor George Melies and including the silent film `` The Passion of Joan of Arc '' -LRB- 1928 -RRB- by the great Danish film director Carl Theodor Dreyer , and the Ingrid Bergman 1948 film `` Joan of Arc '' . `` Saint Joan '' -LRB- 1957 -RRB- followed , and then `` The Trail of Joan of Arc '' -LRB- 1962 -RRB- , Luc Besson 's `` The Messenger '' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , and a 1999 TV movie.This film was based on George Bernard Shaw 's 1924 play of the same name , inspired by the Catholic Church 's canonization of Joan as a Saint . Jeanne d'Arc -LRB- 1412-31 -RRB- was a peasant girl who claimed divine guidance and led the French army to several victories in the 100 Years War , then was burned at the stake as a witch.Jean Seberg -LRB- 1938-79 -RRB- plays Joan in this film . Joan has been played by action star Milla Jovovich -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , Helen Hunt lookalike Leelee Sobieski -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , and Ingrid Bergman -LRB- 1948 -RRB- . Bergman was 33 years old when she played the 17 year old maid . Jovovich was 24 and Leelee Sobieski was only 17 . Seberg was 19 . This was Seberg 's film debut . She followed it with `` Bonjour Tristesse '' -LRB- 1958 -RRB- and `` Breathless '' -LRB- 1960 -RRB- and went on to make almost 40 films , the most famous of which was `` Paint Your Wagon '' -LRB- 1969 -RRB- . Rugged Richard Widmark -LRB- 1914-2008 -RRB- was an excellent actor , nominated for an Oscar and winner of a Golden Globe for his debut film -LRB- `` Kiss of Death '' , 1947 -RRB- and also nominated for an Emmy for `` Vanished '' -LRB- 1971 -RRB- . Widmark appeared in more than 50 films , initially as a villain but increasing as a hero . He was a staple in Westerns - `` The Last Wagon '' -LRB- 1956 -RRB- , `` Warlock '' -LRB- 1959 -RRB- , `` Two Rode Together '' -LRB- 1961 -RRB- , `` Cheyenne Autumn '' -LRB- 1964 -RRB- , `` Death of a Gunfighter '' -LRB- 1969 -RRB- , and `` Once Upon a Texas Train '' -LRB- 1988 -RRB- . In this film he takes on a completely different persona as The Dauphin , and does quite well.John Gielgud -LRB- 1904-2000 -RRB- is one of the finest British actors and one of the few actors to win an Oscar -LRB- `` Arthur '' , 1918 -RRB- , Emmy -LRB- `` Ages of Man '' , 1966 -RRB- , Grammy -LRB- `` Ages of Man '' , 1979 -RRB- , and Tony -LRB- `` Importance of Being Earnest '' , 1948 -RRB- . Gielgud plays the Earl of Warwick.Handsome Richard Todd -LRB- 1919-2009 -RRB- was nominated for an Oscar and a Golden Globe for `` The Hasty Heart '' -LRB- 1949 -RRB- but he 's probably better known for his roles as Robin Hood -LRB- 1952 -RRB- and Rob Roy -LRB- 1953 -RRB- . He plays the Bastard of Orleans.The ever popular Harry Andrews -LRB- 1911-89 -RRB- appeared in more than 100 films often playing a British role . He 's best remembered for his role opposite Sean Connery in `` The Hill '' -LRB- 1965 -RRB- that earned him a BAFTA Best Actor nomination , but he also gave us great performances as Bramante in `` The Agony and the Ecstasy '' -LRB- 1965 -RRB- , the 13th Earl in `` The Ruling Class '' -LRB- 1972 -RRB- , and Mackintosh in `` The MacKintosh Man '' -LRB- 1973 -RRB- . Andrews plays a priest.The film was directed by Otto Preminger -LRB- 1905-86 -RRB- . In a 5 decade career he made 41 films , was nominated for an Oscar 3 times -LRB- `` Laura '' , `` Anatomy of a Murder '' , `` The Cardinal '' -RRB- and a Palme d'Or 3 times -LRB- `` Carmen Jones '' , `` Tell Me That You Love Me , Junie Moon '' , `` Advise and Consent '' -RRB- . Graham Greene -LRB- 1904-91 -RRB- was an English author who specialized in Catholic themes in films like `` Brighton Rock '' and `` The Power and the Glory '' . His screenplays include `` The Third Man '' -LRB- 1949 -RRB- , `` Our Man in Havana '' -LRB- 1959 -RRB- , and `` The Comedians '' -LRB- 1967 -RRB- . The film is based on his work.The top grossing films in 1957 were `` Bridge on the River Kwai '' , `` Peyton Place '' , `` Sayonara '' , `` Old Yeller '' , and `` Raintree County '' . The big Oscar winners were `` Kwai '' -LRB- Picture , Director , Actor -RRB- and `` Sayonara '' -LRB- Actor , Supporting Actress -RRB- . Other notable films released that year include `` Three Faces of Eve '' , `` Pal Joey '' , `` Funny Face '' , and `` Witness for the Prosecution '' . The NY Times called it a `` largely placid and undramatic theatrical exercise '' . This is due in large part to trimming the 3 + hour Shaw play down to half its length . But it 's also caused by the fact that plays do not necessarily translate that well to the big screen , and this is particularly true when we expect battle scenes . Moreover , the film is shot more like as TV movie than a film , with lots of heads shots and 2 shots and focus on talking heads.FWIW - the burning scene at the end of the film went awry and Seberg actually got burned . So what you see here is not acting . Needless to say this is her best scene.There really is n't much to see here unless you 're a big fan of Shaw 's plays , or unless the idea of seeing Richard Widmark as a faltering half wit intrigues you .
 This hilariously awful turkey is the perfect film for inviting friends over to throw popcorn at the screen . It 's one soap-opera clich&eacute; after another -- vile diseases , unwanted pregnancy + attempted suicide + shotgun wedding , insanity + murder -LRB- Kirk Douglas is cut from his breach chair and falls to his death , courtesy of a certifiable nut case -RRB- . All of it set to stirring and uplifting music . The only missing clich&eacute; is amnesia -- though you might want to have forgotten having seen this film.I 'm particularly fond of the scene in the which the wagon being lowered over the cliff falls to its destruction , and you can see that the man in it is actually a stuffed-sack of clothes . Such movie pleasures are rare.Of the principal actors , oddly only Jack Elam comes off unscathed , with an over-the-top performance as a minister . He 's the only character -LRB- other than the Sioux chief who wants the murder of # 7 son avenged -RRB- who 's halfway believable.At the current price , it 's a bit to pricey to recommend simply for laughs . Perhaps , when it drops ...
 Do n't be fooled by the cast . This film is a big letdown for anyone who has enjoyed reading A. B. Guthrie 's stirring stories of the West . The dialogue is atrocious . The script tries to rush through six months of the trail in 2 hours . But , most disappointingly , the film makers tinkered too much with the wonderful story . Do n't do it !
 This is an absolutely horrible film . More so than any Western I 've ever seen , I 've never been so conscience that I was watching a poorly directed Hollywood-clich &eacute; ridden farce . EVERYONE walks through their roles -LRB- and I am a fan of all three lead actors -RRB- no doubt because they know that the script is childish , pretentious , and just plain stupid . `` The Big Trail '' is twice the film this is . `` Glory be '' `` this ` n '' `` ai n't a-worth-a '' watchin ' `` a ` tall '' !
 Having just finished reading the book , I am horribly disappointed with the movie . I guarantee if you liked the book you will not like the movie . Robert Mitchum as Dick Summers was a good casting choice and that 's maybe the only positive thing I can say . Had it stayed truer to the book it would have been a better movie .
 The movie has its moments of genius and some very sad moments too . The opening credits seemed to have been very well done with the appearance that this would be a first rate horror movie , but the credit technique did n't match the film . One of the problems with the credits is that it had only 2 names -LRB- or so it seemed -RRB- that of Neil Johnson and Jane Rowland . The SF special effects were great , the horror special effects were stinkers.The movie is based on pop pseudo-science popularized by `` The 12th Planet '' -LRB- that guy is actually still around pushing this nonsense -RRB- . In this film , the ancient Nephilim send a meteor to earth with a device inside that does a lot of tele-creating / transporting stuff . The movie spends excessive amount of time with characters . There are 3 people who share a house . Travis Brown is a regular guy . Regis is a gay guy who wants Travis . Travis wants Marcia , a model who lives there also . Marcia would rather date Travis ' HS rival . There is also a Christian couple involved , one of which is a guy whose stutter was overdone until it was stupid.Better than most Brain Damaged films and it would be interesting to see what Neil could do with a budget . Certainly this is better than Peter Jackson 's first film.F-bomb , sex , nudity ?
 bad movie save your money ... was not worth the time duded plot sucked ... bad movie total crap not at all fun or scary
 Motion pictures were in their infancy in the first decade of the 20th century . Movie theaters had n't yet replaced nickelodeons , the average ` movie ' lasted less than 15 minutes , and the people who appeared on-screen were called ` posers . ' Not all that surprising since the machines - the motion picture camera and the movie projector - were the marvels to wonder at . For a brief while there people did n't act in movies , they ` posed . ` That little factoid was buried deep in the back of my gee-whiz file until I watched Carl Theodor Dreyer 's LEAVES FROM SATAN 'S BOOK -LRB- 1921 -RRB- , a movie made well after the term ` movie actor ' had become widely accepted and vaguely respectable . An episodic morality tale , LEAVES tells four 30-some minute long stories of Satan 's evil work here on Earth . In the first he comes disguised as a religious leader who prompts Judas to betray Christ . In the next story he 's a Spanish Grand Inquisitor leading a Catholic priest to commit deeds that will cause him to forfeit his soul . Next he is Citizen Erneste coaxing Citizen Joseph to cooperate in the execution of Saint Marie Antoinette . And so on . The fourth , current for the day -LRB- there was a Finnish Civil War in 1918 following the Russian Revolution -RRB- , finds Satan gigged out like Rasputin looking for a Finnish quisling willing to betray the cause.It struck me while watching the first episode that the actors in this one were more posed stage props that recreated humans . There 's a scene from the Last Supper that is framed and dressed almost exactly like the famous da Vinci painting . The actors do n't really move much , or change facial expressions . Rather they slowly move from one pose to another . Add to that the great number of title and inter-title cards , this is an incredibly talky movie for a silent , and not only does nothing much happens , but it takes almost forever for it not to.This static and penetrating approach worked wonderfully in 1928 when Dreyer directed his masterpiece , ` The Passion of Joan of Arc . ' Here it simply makes thick porridge of an already wearisome subject . LEAVES FROM SATAN 'S BOOK may possibly satisfy fans of silent movies , or those fans of Dreyer 's ` Passion of Joan of Arc ' who want to watch one of his earlier films . If you 're simply looking for a change-of-pace , entertaining movie , I would n't recommend this one at all .
 i expected to see the keystone cops or laruel & hardyvery boring with only just piano in the background awful awful i would not pay a plug nickel for thispiece of garbage and to think they approved this to let movie goers see this?this is only jmo do n't like too many silent ones.btw i forgot to mention sorry , that i watched about ten minuets of this on turner classic movies underground . totally really bad
 Kadosh shows a deceitful view of religious Israel and serves its director 's liberal agenda . Free market 's ideology is trying to spread an individualist lifestyle through the world , and when it finds a group of individuals socially oriented who do n't say amen to liberal gibberish , free market 's forces try to destroy them . This film is part of that war.Malka says to Rivka , `` Come with me ! There is another world out there . It 's enormous . Our world is not the only one . '' This is very interesting , what Malka is really saying to Rivka is , `` Come with me and let 's join the corporate globalized individualist world . '' Does someone has told Malka about divorce rates , low incomings , 12 hours working days , infidelity , loneliness , Prozac ... ? Please , do n't think that Kadosh is a faithful presentation of Jewish religious life , it 's not . If you want to watch something better , you could try _ A Stranger Among Us _ by Sidney Lumet -LRB- featuring Melanie Griffith -RRB- . You can also read some good books as _ The Committed Life _ or _ The Committed Marriage _ by Esther Jungreis .
 First off , it was a bad movie -- scenes were too long , little character introduction , development , etc.However , I am writing to express my disgust and devastation at a very different issue
 Totally fictional portrayal of Haredi Jews as cold , violent male chauvinists . The many obvious mistakes in the prayers and rituals give away the fact that probably nobody involved in the production of the film ever had any direct contact with Haredim . The result is a crude caricature based entirely on the negative and ignorant stereotypes secualar Israeli society has about Orthodox Jews . Watching this film feels like sitting through an anti-semitic rant .
 I have no idea whether this movie reflects the life of orthodox jews in Mea Shearim or not . The key to my discontent is the badly told story . There are endless scenes of the camera focusing on a face , watching somebody during prayer or just drifting into space , and none of this adds to the story . I do n't mind watching a long take of a face , if this face tells a story , expresses feelings , but here these takes seem to be to add time , so the movie can be declared a real movie and not just a short film . Large parts of this movie are even less interesting than watching paint dry . The characters stay completely flat and so does the story , which in itself is interesting , but not in the least explored in its depth . I endured to the ridiculous end , hoping this move would get better . It never did . If you want to be entertained buy another movie , and if you want to learn something about orthodox jews this is not helpful either . If you are into artsy , pretentious movies , or love to watch paint dry , this is a winner .
 This is perhaps the most blatant , self-loathing piece of anti-orthodox Jewish bashing ever portrayed on film . I teach a college level course at a prominent university . I will use this film to show the skewed , factually wrong portrayal of the Jewish concept of sex . Only view this film if you are planning to debunk it 's half-truths and outright lies .
 There was a request for more factual refutation of the falsities of Kadosh -- The movie 's premises are : a. that Orthodox Judaism , which is based on the Talmud , is discriminatory to women , particularly married womenb . that the Talmud considers a barren woman useless and requires her to divorce her husbandc . that a woman may be compelled to marry against her willI have been unable to find any substantiation whatsoever for either -LRB- b -RRB- or -LRB- c -RRB- . Either way , neither of these practices exists in the Orthodox Jewish community today.Regarding -LRB- a -RRB- - it is true that much of contemporary Orthodox Jewish practice is based on the Talmud ; however , the Talmud is not as bloodthirsty as it is often portrayed . Although compiled in Babylonia c. 450 CE , the Talmud explains that if a Jewish court issued the death penalty once in seventy years , that court was considered unusually violent -LRB- compare e.g. modern Texas ... -RRB- Although it neither adds to nor subtracts from the laws set forth in the Pentateuch , the Talmud defines the terms thereof so narrowly that some punishments are rendered quite impossible to give -LRB- e.g. the Talmud itself states that the death penalty for a ` gluttonous and rebellious son ' mentioned in the Pentateuch , due to the narrow definition of such a character , has never and will never be administered . -RRB- With regard to the role of women , the Talmud is careful to reiterate the obligation upon every man to `` love your wife as yourself and honor her more than yourself '' , `` love your wife truly and faithfully and do not compel her to hard work '' , and notes `` it is woman alone through whom God 's blessings are vouchsafed to a house '' ... there are many more quotes like this , all from a document dating back to 450 CE ! Gitai 's seemingly discriminatory quotes have all been removed from their context . The first example of this is that Meir 's blessings in the movie 's opening scene have been rearranged to emphasize ' ... who has not made me a woman ' , which is a particularly cheap shot . The accusation that this particular blessing is indicative of discrimination has been around for ages , and it has been convincingly refuted for just as long . In traditional Judaism , women are believed to be on a higher spiritual plane than men , and so men have more obligations in order to raise them to that high level . The ' ... who has not made me a woman ' blessing is made by men out of gratitude for their greater number of obligations . Women say ' ... who has made me according to His will ' . Jews acknowledge that ` male and female G-d created them ' , both man and woman are part of a whole , and neither is intrinsically subject to the other . -LRB- ... -RRB- If Orthodox Judaism truly discriminated against women , there would be no growth in number of the women interested in increasing their Jewish observance . However , many women ARE becoming more religious ; some communities are comprised entirely of the newly Orthodox.Please reconsider accepting this movie as an accurate depiction of objective reality .
 I do not know any ultra-orthodox Jews -LRB- I 'm not even Jewish , but Hindu -RRB- but this portrayal rings false to a neutral observer . It is easy for secular minded types , who are unacquainted with deeply pious or religious societies to end up believing that life within them is repressed , unhappy in tone , and generally unfulfilling in any authentic way.Do Haredi not smile in their weddings ? Are no families , brothers , sisters , aunts , uncles or cousins who populate everyday life and bring laughter , anger , gossip and chatter and noise ? Is life so solitary and non-communal in such a closed society ? What 's the big deal with religious rituals , anyway ? We all have our own rituals , secular or otherwise , from saying `` good morning '' to strangers to hitting the gym during the lunch hour , or wearing a suit to work.It seems the movie maker has an axe to grind . Starting from a liberal viewpoint , he ends up with the most slanted , intolerant portrait possible of a pious , ritualistic community , dehumanizing them and thus forgetting liberal humanism 's most basic attitudes which are a -RRB- a tolerance for other people and their customs , and b -RRB- an understanding that people are simply people , no matter what rituals they may observe or whatever forms their societies may take .
 I grew up in modern orthodox judaism in England and studied at an ultraorthodox yeshiva in Jerusalem close to where the movie was set , have ultraorthodox relatives etc. but am now secular myself . A lot of the ritual aspects of the movie especially the scenes in the synagogue/yeshiva were inaccurate . I could n't determine if they were Sephardi -LRB- Middle Eastern Jews -RRB- or Ashkenazi -LRB- European Jews -RRB- - some bizarre mix in the middle - Meah She'arim is a primarily Ashkenazi neighborhood . The wedding was the most bizarre ... . Perhaps the producers were short of money to hire extras . The whole feel was very unrealistic as a result.To an outsider a lot of the context would n't be clear as can be seen from some of the other commentaries here . The overall themes though if more contextualized are n't totally out of place at all , though I know it is an anti-Orthodox movie , but these are important issues . However , the end result is really messed up and detracts from getting the message across .
 The DVD interviews are extremely revealing . The actors -LRB- themselves secular Israelis -RRB- love the challenge of playing fundamentalist ultra-Orthodox Jews and manage to convey a true pathos for the characters and their lives . Their attempt to find beauty and integrity in the characters , and their sympathetic portrayals , are admirable but paradoxical , because the script is stacked against this attempt . The writer/director makes clear in his dvd interview
 Kadosh was an international sensation for the simple reason that it 's subject matter is controversial , with some exotic titillation thrown in for some added measure.As a secular Jew who lived for a while among ultra orthodox Jews , I can assure you that nothing in this film even remotely resembles the Charedi way of life . The ultra orthodox have a well-developed network of outreach and referral services for barren couples . A conversation with any fertility expert will confirm this . I never heard of a single case in which a loving Charedi couple had to divorce by rabbinic decree for any medical reason . The passage in Talmud dealing with barrenness was written in the context of what was socially acceptable at that time , some 1500 years ago.I was also amazed at how little the Israeli director of Kadosh , Amos Gitai , knows about the intricacies of daily Charedi life . It borders on complete ignorance . To find a much better appreciation of the ultra-orthodox worldview , read some of the books by these renowned secular writers , who grew up in an orthodox community , such as I.B. Singer or Chaim Grade .
 This movie shows the beauty of some things Jewish and at the same time shows those beautiful things as sad repulsive.In the scene of the wedding the women seems to be taken away from her festivities . In reality the woman and the man each celebrate with their friends -LRB- so the men and women do not mix . -RRB- In the film , she looks as if she is done and on her way home . I have yet to be at an orthodox wedding that was like that.Also , there are some truths in this movie . But the vast majority of the truth has been clouded by misuse of context . I add this movie to others like Price Above Rubies for showing the most blatent damaging look at orthodox people with the worst amount of personal prejudice thrown in for effect .
 I watched this film at the recommendation of a friend . As someone who is a part of the orthodox -LRB- or ultra-orthodox as some call it -RRB- world , I was shocked at many exagerrated negative stereotypes of orthodox Jews that were main lines in the story . I am not saying there are no troubled marriages , or narrow-minded , ignorant people in the orthodox Jewish world . Unfortunately there are , and one such family is one too many . But dysfunctional people exist everywhere . The problem with Mr. Gitai 's film is that by depicting these people against an `` Orthodox Jewish '' backdrop he implies that the characters are dysfunctional BECAUSE of their religion , not in spite of it.The story focuses on a woman , married for 10 years and childless , who is divorced by her scholar husband -LRB- at the behest of his Rabbi -RRB- in order to marry a woman who can produce children . The story proceeds from there . Another character includes the woman 's sister who is forced into a loveless marriage with a crazy man.The inaccuracies/misrepresentations are numerous . To name a few : Normal Orthodox Rabbis do not encourage men with `` barren '' wives to divorce their wives . Rabbis do not place their hands on the heads of non-related women as is shown in one scene . Orthodox women routinely visit gynecologists and obstetricians . Many VERY orthodox women undergo fertility treatments . Women are not forced to marry abusive men , or any men , against their wishes.Some may counter that the movie does not necessarily imply that all Orthodox Jews are like this , and I see that point . I also understand that `` conflict '' is what makes for a successful story . After all , no one wants to see a movie about happy people with happy lives . But at the same time , all too often , movies made about Orthodox Jews are made by people with little actual knowledge of their lifestyles . It 's easy to dress up a guy in a yarmulke , show him praying and say there 's an Orthodox jew . Other than the Chosen , and a Stranger Among Us , I have yet to see an accurate depiction of Orthodox Judaism in film.As for the other aspects of the film , I have no comment.If you do choose to see this film , I urge you to take it as `` entertainment '' not fact .
 It takes a strong stomach to watch this film , and a large grain of salt as well . I have to start with a word of caution
 It 's an interesting phenomenon that if someone looks at a thing and wants to find a trait in it , if they look hard enough they will find what they are looking for regardless of whether or not that trait is there . Kadosh is an example of this.Much of what is in this movie is completely made up , and the rest is taken completely out of context . It was made by a secular Jew , not someone familiar with the subject -LRB- or if he is at all familiar , he is very biased -RRB- , and is about as representative of Orthodox society as the human characters in the movie Chicken Run are representative of humans.I might add that I was born Jewish but that I became Orthodox by my own choice , and that I have never felt discriminated against as an orthodox woman.If I were to show you a movie and tell you that it is a political propaganda film , you would take it with a grain of salt . If I were to show you a movie and tell you that it is a racially biased propaganda film , you would take it with a grain of salt . But people accept the movie Kadosh as fact , when it is really one of the saddest types of slander around - it is a Jewish director targeting other Jews . For some people this might add credence to his message . I do n't find that it does so . I could make a film about my very helpful neighbor . We have a lot in common - we are women and we live on the same street . But if I chose I could make a movie portraying her as a real pain in the neck ... and people would accept this just because they think the opinion of someone who has met her is objective . It is n't . The director may be Jewish , but he has a completely different background from the people he thinks he is portraying . He has probably been fed the same biased opinions regarding orthodox Jews as you have , by watching his movie . These are strong words , but I consider this movie pre-digested slander . Be discriminatory in your decision to believe it .
 Every one who has even a little bit of familiarity with a Jewish Orthodox way of life or an Orthodox community will reject this movie as a piece of anti-Semitic garbage.A couple that has no children must divorce ? According to the Orthodox Jewish law ? This is not true ! There is no such thing in today 's Jewish Orthodox life.I am wondering how those people produced this movie in Israel -LRB- ! -RRB- without even making a simple research on the subject . An American movie `` Stranger Among us '' and a European masterpiece `` Left Luggage '' engaged much more knowledge about ultra-Orthodox Jews than this Israeli movie ! Is not it funny ? What a shame!And who cares about performance ? Who cares if this movie is touching or not ? The movie is lie from start to finish . Period .
 Much like many of the other commenters here , I am an Orthodox Jew and living in Israel . We have family living here and in the US who are of all streams of Judaism - from totally unaffiliated to `` ultra-orthodox . '' This film is filled with inaccuracies , half-truths and many out-right lies . I found the most important of these to be the idea that life of very religious people is so utterly sad and drab . The loving , fun natures of the people and the wonderful , happy aspects of the life we live were completely left out . I do n't accept the idea that this was `` artistic license '' because this was done by the director for a very specific reason . He obviously has an axe to grind against religious people.I know 1st hand that there are problematic people in the religious world , just as there are in the non-religious and anti-religious worlds . The specific abuses by this film , by altering the truth to fit the director 's agendas , are inexcusable and leave the viewer with confusion and disgust . The worst part is that the film-maker and supporters claim this is a `` rare glimpse '' into the world of religious Judaism . As many have found , films like these rarely glimpse into anything other than the biased , unfamiliar minds and hearts of the film-makers . Again , this film may have some pieces of accuracy that throw you off , making you think all of it is true . Sad , insulting and inaccurate . Even painful to watch at times .
 This film is a completely inaccurate portryal of the Orthodox community . Yes , fiction does not have to be true stories , but the scenarios in this film are utterly beyond the norms of the society it seeks to represent . I know people in Meah Shearim , and there lives do not resemble this film any more than the averge Manhattan socialite resembles a Hasidc rabbi . On a political level , thiis film is detrimental adn anti-Semitic -- spreading lies about other communities , painting another society in black when one 's own in far from perfect -- will hardly achieve a more unified or knowledgable world . I regret the two hours of my life I devoted to this bigoted film .
 -LRB- this is actually a ZERO-star review , but ... does n't allow that ... -RRB- It 's not often I 'll say about a movie that it had no redeeming qualities , but Kadosh ca n't even be called `` blessedly short . '' This movie drags on , two hours of anti-Orthodox propaganda -LRB- one of the sisters is forbidden to marry an observant Jew who joined the Israeli army ; a rabbi rants about conquering `` them , '' meaning secular Israeli Jews ; men go on and on about women 's worthlessness without children , while the women sigh and moan and are generally downtrodden -RRB- . Another reviewer has said director Gitai `` holds no punches '' ... but I 'd prefer to think of it as outright lying . What uneducated viewers might see as a compellingly authentic portrait of ultra-Orthodox life is nothing more than a web of misconceptions , preconceptions and half-conceptions about what `` that kind of life '' must be like -- as seen from the outside . Its only authenticity comes from its use of the Hebrew language -- and even with my limited knowledge of Hebrew , I could tell that many of the prayers -LRB- the wedding service , for example -RRB- were inaccurate or taken out of context.Gitai 's men are stereotypes , chanting prayers at all hours of the day and night , while the two sisters stare lingeringly at the camera as if to say , `` pity me -- for I am an Orthodox woman . '' Feminism has shown us -- at least -- that women have the power to choose their own destiny . This movie denies that premise , denies the free will of all Orthodox Jews , denies virtually every premise on which true Judaism is based.I do n't consider myself an apologist for Orthodoxy , and if you 've read my other reviews , you 'll know -LRB- I hope -RRB- that I have a fairly good handle on its flaws ... but it hurts to hear and see such lies about any of my people . If a non-Jew had made this film , it would be condemned by all Jewish movements , leaders and spokespeople . Instead , it 's been heralded at Jewish film festivals around the world as a `` refreshingly honest '' portrait of Judaism 's secret shame.I am amazed that so many , Jewish and otherwise , have bought into it . Do n't be next .
 Not to burst anyone 's bubble , but this film is n't that great . In fairness , it 's obvious that those that made it gave it their best shot and made it with heart . And , there are some good ideas here . Still , the film is convoluted , suffers from poor pacing , editing and looks cheap . It also does a poor job trying to decide if it 's a horror film or satire . One scene meant for laughs features a zombie drinking beer in a pub , a funny idea . Amazingly the crowd in the bar does n't even notice the monster and the joke just dies . Beloved Cleveland celeb Big Chuck has a cameo but is n't given much to do , which is a shame . Midnight Syndicate is known for their music but the score feels overproduced for this kind of B movie carnage and intrudes more than enhances the movie . Listening to the soundtrack -LRB- which is very good -RRB- by itself would be the better option . I have to note that the beautiful DVD cover artwork is truly awesome .
 My wife and I were very disappointed by this movie . It received very good grades from certain horror type magazines ; however , said publications tend to give an A for effort and low budgets while failing their fans . There is nothing in this movie that can replace or be an improvement over Evil Dead II .
 The Dead Matter -LRB- Edward Douglas , 2010 -RRB- It 's been a little over two weeks since Twelve Hours of Terror , and the last movie from the fest that I have to review is The Dead Matter . Not only because it was the least deserving of the films that played , but simply because I ca n't really find much to say about it ; it 's not horrendous enough to achieve so-bad-it 's - good status , but there 's not a single thing about it that manages to be average , much less above average.Douglas , who 's Midnight Syndicate musical corps has worked on everything from The Rage 9the 2007 Robert Kurtzman-helmed Misty Mundae vehicle -RRB- to Baldur 's Gate
 This product does not work on my video players . Apparently not made to work in US for some reason . So I do not state anything further in this review except be more aware about what you are buying .
 The film is exquisite to look at , but seems bloated , stale . One ca n't escape the feeling that the cast and crew are merely playing dress up . It may be , according to some , a forbearer of `` The Godfather '' , but in this instance the film tries to evoke a picture book-like sense of history , of history closed off , forever consigned to the pages of a dusty book . None of the locations or characters have a `` lived in '' sense about them , the actors are like exquisite porcelain dolls arranged artfully in the mise-en-scene , delivering dialogue , looking ravishing for the crane / dolly , tracking shot -LRB- when not being rendered insignificant by the cluttered ostentation of the production design -RRB- . As for the proverbial `` meat '' of the story , it simply is n't there
 I 'm a Lancaster fan , and he was fine in this richly made production , but the story was not carried along rapidly enough to keep my attention , nor was the then new Italian starlette -LRB- whose name escapes me -RRB- particularly entrancing . Measured against his other work , this rates two stars .
 How Critereon can call this Blu-ray version restored is amazing to me . A lousy print was used , full of speckles and dust blobs . . l do n't think they even bothered to clean the print they used before the transfer . Add to that the film is the most boring l have ever seen .
 Some critics have said this film is painterly . I spent three precious hours of my life watching the equivalent of paint drying on the wall . Three hours I 'll never get back . Three hours I could have spent painting one of my OWN walls.This is the dreck Truffaut railed against when he wrote `` A Certain Tendency ... '' for Cahiers du Cinema in the early fifties . This is the dreck that people with absolutely no taste find artful . I 've seen home movies of graduation parties that were more interesting then this travesty.Burt Lancaster was once in a MUCH better film called CRIMSON PIRATE ... a film with more life in any of its sixty seconds than Visconti manages in three hours .
 While this movie may be considered a work of art by some , for the most part I found it boring and unecessarily repetitive . The message of the movie is `` plus ca change , plus c'est la meme chose . '' The more things change , the more they remain the same . That message is relayed in one scene . The rest of the movie can go into the dumper .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- This is the 20 minutes cut version.You may also check IMDB for more proof .
 The Leopard is a dated boreing pretentous film . We stopped watching afterone half an hour . The acting was Bert Lancaster at his worst . He was pompous and dull . There was no excitement whatsoever . I 'd say `` forget it '' !
 The quite old HD transfer used by Criterion for USA -LRB- and BFI for UK -RRB- is technically outdated and severely lacking compared to today 's standards . Digital sharpening artifacts and electronic noise mar the imagery from start to finish , giving it a processed coarse video look instead of a proper and authentic refined film look . The film has since been restored digitally in 4K and the results are available on far better Blu Rays from France and Italy . There will be a US/UK disc in time . Better wait for this than invest in this problematic Criterion release .
 I really , REALLY wanted to like Luchino Visconti 's THE LEOPARD . No less a film authority than Pauline Kael wrote a glowing review of it in 1983 , when it was released in Visconti 's original Italian-language cut . `` Magnificent '' was one of the adjectives she used , and nearly everyone who has written a review for this Criterion DVD release has agreed.I really wish I could agree , too . Believe me , I love foreign films as much as any film enthusiast out there . But I 'll just come right out and say it
 I am hoping someone can dispel my worry about this DVD.This title is already available in Italy from www.dvd.it as a Region 2 disk , with a running time of 180 minutes . Its original title is IL GATTOPARDO.Is Criterion releasing the full version?Don ' t forget
 Gil -LRB- Robert De Niro -RRB- appears to inhabit the same parallel universe as the characters in `` Glengarry Glen Ross , '' where all conversation consists of yelled obscenities . It 's all a little exaggerated , and De Niro does n't really seem crazy/dangerous until at least an hour into the film . His leap off the deep end also stretches credibility . Then there 's the `` crazy collage '' of newspaper clippings about the target of his obsession , Giants outfielder Bobby Rayburn -LRB- Wesley Snipes -RRB- . Its only purpose was to remind me of a similar device in `` The Bodyguard '' which surprisingly , was more suspenseful . De Niro 's character seems to be acting on impulse , as if he 's confused about what his next move will be , which makes him seem a lot less scary .
 DeNiro is convincingly crazy and violent , but if you like that , watch Taxi Driver or Cape Fear instead . As I watched this I kept wondering
 Robert DiNiro completes a quintent of bad guy/psycho roles for the 1990 's -LRB- AWAKENINGS , THIS BOY 'S LIFE , CAPE FEAR , JACKIE BROWN -RRB- with THE FAN . With a resurgence of Baseball movies beginning in the late 1980 's , this has got to be one of the worst of the bunch and the worst of the five DiNiro pictures . The pairing of DiNiro -LRB- who literally phones in his performance here -RRB- and Wesley Snipes -LRB- Is actually convincing as a baseball player . Remmeber his Willie Mays Hays in MAJOR LEAGUE ? -RRB- in what could have been an interesting thriller turns into another predictable slasher-type film . DiNiro -LRB- Gil Renard -RRB- becomes an obsessed fan to Wesley Snipes superstar Baseball Player -LRB- Bobby Rayburn -RRB- . There is some social commentary about modern sports and the responsibility of overpaid athletes but all commentary is drowned out by a weak script and weak direction . Also , there is a scene that most baseball purists have been complaining about in this film . This is the sequence where the umpires let a baseball game keep going and it is pouring rain . Director Tony Scott in his own directorial style shows the sequence in slow-motion with players slipping and sliding , with water and mud flying all over the place , all for dramatic purposes and creative license . Overall , a weak sports film , a weak thriller , and wasted talent makes THE FAN a very forgettable film .
 The Fan has got to be one of the weirdest movies I have ever seen in my whole life . Robert De Niro gives a brilliant performance as someone who literally goes insane . His character sells knives and when he blows a chance with his son , his only hope is the San Fransisco Giants 's baseball team . When they acquire one of the best players for a lot of money -LRB- played by Wesley Snipes -RRB- , he knows that they will go all the way . But when the acquired star fails because he does n't have his right number and another player does , De Niro 's character does the unthinkable . He then becomes obsessed with Snipe 's character and just goes nuts . The movie is for one highly unrealistic for soooooooooooooooooooo many reasons , and on another hand , it 's just plain weird . It starts off good with a good plot and then it just goes nowhere . A dissapointment .
 Contrary to what the product description mentions , this DVD only offers the full frame version of the film . The original format was 2.35 so you 've now been warned
 When Robert De Niro is on , he 's on ! When he jumps into character , he lives the part without looking back . That 's what makes De Niro such a great actor . He usually takes his work very seriously -LRB- Bullwinkle would be one of the exceptions -RRB- and makes us believe , good or bad , in what he 's doing . When he plays Gil Renard , divorced hunting knife salesman , avid Rolling Stones fan and SF Giants ' Baseball freak , the message is a little muddled . The Giants have picked up baseball superstar Bobby Raybun -LRB- Snipes -RRB- for some outrageous amount of money -LRB- Sound familiar ? -RRB- and Gil is tickled pink . Rayburn is going to put the Giants on top and win them a World Series title . Well ... things do n't always work out that way . Rayburn does n't get his lucky number 11 . He screws up his ribs . The pressure of his huge contract is weighing him dow because the fans expect results and they 're not afraid to tell him that at each game . Can we all say SLUMP ! Gil , on the other hand , is having troubles of his own . His job is moving on without him . His relationship with his son is a strained and creepy mess of custody battle proportions . His ex-wife has put a restraining order on him . And Bobby Rayburn , the 40 Million Dollar Kid , sucks ! Focusing not on the other things in his life that need fixing , baeball needs Gil 's full , obssessive attention . He needs to help Rayburn out of his slump , right ? Well ... what if he kills off the outfielder who refused to give up the number 11 ? Things deteriorate from there as Renard 's madness take over.A mixed , creepy movie . I could not feel any pity for De Niro 's charcter & he needed that to be truly effective . Otherwise , he just comes off as some looney assh * le baseball freak who blames his own problems on the game . The storylne is loose and clumsy . The characters are middle of the road . Somewhere along the line , De Niro picks parts that make no sense . When he plays the bad guy or the psycho , he 's pretty effective , but here the performance is mired in bad writing . I could n't wait for Gil Renard to die and that 's not a good thing , even though I knew it was going to happen . Very predictable . Not one of De Niro 's better outings . Snipes was decent as was Benicio Del Toro . Like Cape Fear , not a De Niro flick I 'd want to watch again for a long , long while.Deal with it !
 Everyone alive should watch this movie once just so they can understand how hard it is to make a movie this bad . The plot manages to transcend reality in an unintentional way . The writing seems to be done by an individual who was hoping to drive people away from the cinema and perhaps towards suicide . When one ponders the incredible amount of money and effort that went into this movie it is soul crushing to reflect on all the suffering that there is in the world . The resources that went into this movie could have paid for clean needles or a bowl of oatmeal for a hungry child . Instead this thing was made . Robert De Niro should be conscripted into the military for making this movie and sent on a suicide mission in the anus of the world . Wesley Snipes has been to prison since this movie was made . He , like this movie , should not have been released .
 I strongly disliked/hated every character in this film in the first 10 minutes . I wanted virtually all of them to get stabbed to death . None of the characters had any redeeming values , save for Rayburn 's love for his son . Everyone was either crazy or self-absorbed , or in most cases both.BTW , if this film had n't jumped the shark for most of you early on , then the reference to Barry Bonds later on should have . This film was made in the mid-90 's when Bonds was actually playing for the Giants . How do you reference an actual player on the actual current team without him being in the film and playing himself ? This is akin to having a character on Law & Order SVU talking about the original TV show Law & Order . -LRB- John Kruk at least made a cameo . -RRB- A lot of train wrecks of a movie still keep your attention . This was one train wreck that I wanted to divert my eyes from .
 A friend really enjoys this film , and I agreed to watch it in deference to her insistence that I see it . This is a rare sort of role for Robert DeNiro , although he is always full of surprises . It does not quite work , though , to see him as a crazed baseball fanatic of sorts ; it is not quite believable somehow . My dislike for Wesley Snipes contributes to my distaste for the film in general . The only truly redeeming thing here is Benicio del Toro .
 I do n't like Wesley Snipes , it is one of that many american actors that could n't transmit emotions , in every movie you think he performs the same character . Trying to be cool is not acting!The other protagonist played by Robert de Niro is very similar to Travis Bickle -LRB- Taxi Driver -RRB- . It 's very sad to see that Mr de Niro , one of the best actors ever , accepted all scripts he became in the last years , without considering the quality of the movie.Tony Scott made some of the most interesting films of the last two decades and like his brother I think he can still surprise us in the future.The soundtrack inlcudes Nine Inch Nails , one of the most influential rock band of the nineties ! `` The Fan '' is not a bad movie -LRB- at least it 's not boring -RRB- , but perhaps prescindible and personally I expected much more , considering the cast and the direction .
 I do n't know what Bob de Niro was thinking about while making this movie ... it 's flat , flat , flat ... if you think you 're his biggest FAN then try to forget this movie !
 I love Robert Deniro and thought he did a great job in this movie but anyone who knows anything about baseball knows this movie is a joke . Whoever edited this movie needs to give anyone who ever saw their money back . For example , there are overhead shots of a football game and the next image is a baseball game . There are overhead shots of Dodger Stadium and then next shot is of a game supposedly going on in SF . In one scene the announcer says the name of the player throwing the ball except the name he says is entirely different from the one stiched on the player 's back . This could have been a great film if any effort was put into it .
 I thought a film directed by Tony Scott ans starring Robert de Niro would be worth watching . Unfortunately , I was wrong.Do not waste your time or your money on this one .
 If The Fan were a b-film with unknown actors , it would be fun . Those formula horror pics are always great to watch when you need to mindlessly pass time.But the Fan is not one , so why is it made as such ? You have top name actors , and a big location San Fransisco shoot . But when a demented baseball fan , abuseive and estranged from his family , becomes obsessed with a SF Giants star and kidnaps his son , so what ? ` Everything here is freeze dried . If you watch DeNiro inThe King of Comedy , the stalking angle is the same , but there is so much unique , it is extremely compelling . This fan is juat a batch of loser cleches - nothing is done to make this charactor more than a garden variety sociopath.There is even a police chase at the end . Woo , and hoo .
 This ai n't such a bad movie , eventhough I gave it two stars . The reason why I gave it two stars was because , at times , it got boring . But I like how Robert De Niro acted . He was a mentally ill man , that went around and gave people a taste of his baseball bat , and also stalked his favourite baseball player , Wesley Snipes.This movie should be watched by many . I thought that De Niro was just hilarious . Especially when he threatened his son 's stepdad with a baseball bat.I thought this movie was pretty much an okay thriller .
 The Fan does n't appear to be a good astonishment . Poor Gill lost his job , lost custody of his son , and now his life . Deniro and Snipes appearances are more than disappointing but the script is also plain stupid !
 Tony Scott 's film `` The Fan '' based on Peter Abrahams 's novel of the same name is very disturbing to watch , and the camerawork certainly does n't help either . Gil Renard -LRB- Robert DeNiro -RRB- is a frustrated rabid-Giants fan -LRB- which is n't true to the novel -RRB- and his life is falling apart at the same time that Bobby Rayburn -LRB- Wesley Snipes -RRB- is in a big slump . Gil and Bobby 's lives get closer to intersecting , and a murder occurs which changes both characters and heads the film towards its tragic climax . Gil is too scary to relate to even though we want to . Bobby is too selfish and sleeps around too much to be the hero . Great work by the supporting actors . John Leguizamo and Ellen Barkin do the best in this film as Manny , a sleazy agent and Jewel , a ballsy sports reporter .
 I truthfully for some reason liked this movie when it came out years ago . I recently rented it again and thought , what was I thinking ? The story is incredibly unbelievable -LRB- no way the murder of Primo would have gone without being solved for more than a few hours -RRB- and the script is just poorly written . I found myself getting confused with what was going on do to random jumps from one thing to another . There were many things that could have been left out or shown more of to make the story flow better . The acting was pretty good -LRB- though not the best work from anyone -RRB- for what was written . Now , when I first saw this movie I liked the soundtrack to it . Watching it again , I realize that the Nine Inch Nails song Closer , which I am a fan of all versions , was used so often it was ridiculous . It seemed like they were trying to go for Darth Vader like theme from Star Wars but failed miserably.All around , it was n't horrible but its not in my top hundred . DeNiro has played this character way too many times and because of that it was slightly boring . Give it a try if you 've seen everything else more than once . I would n't pay for it though if I were you .
 A poorly concieved movie , it was unconvincing and predictable . The music of NIN , which in itself is pretty good , does not mesh with the actual action of the movie at all . Do n't waste your money on this sleeper .
 Despite some style , rythm and a couple of intriguing ideas , this Tony Scott ` s movie soon falls into most of the cliches that trap a typical Hollywood blockbuster.Wesley Snipes plays a baseball star that ends up being the object of devotion and obsession of a lonely , convulted man -LRB- Robert DeNiro -RRB- . The picture builds a growing tension , yet the second part lives on the strenght of chases , kidnappings and tiresome predictability . Nine Inch Nails are a fine addition to the soundtrack , helping the development of the paranoid plot , but the movie is still too flawed and unsurprising to truly engage.Not too good not too bad . Watchable .
 Just a good movie with one great actor and one ok . Script was lacking , but wortha 2 buck look .
 I wanted to like this documentary , because I am a passionate lover of music , and I appreciate , and feel an automatic kinship with anyone driven to make documentaries about music . But this one really missed the mark , and for me this is noteworthy , because I love music so such a degree , that it rarely takes very much to hold my attention.The movie opens in a compelling enough manner , with some artistic imagery and an intriguing soundtrack , reminding me of cool science shows from the 70 's that I really enjoyed as a kid . The opening scene segues into short 15-45 second clips taken from interviews with various people , musicians and actors mostly , providing commentary on what music ` is ' to them . After ten of these interview clips , I found myself thinking `` okay , I get it , now when does the documentary really begin '' . After twenty more of these clips , I was beginning to get impatient ... and after thirty more of them , my wife and I were resigned to staring at the screen blankly . How many different interpretations of ` the meaning of music ' can one endure ? It turns out , if wishing to get to the end of the DVD , one must endure about 74 minutes worth.Occasionally peppered between these snippets were slightly longer scenes -LRB- maybe 2-5 minutes each -RRB- ranging from a very funny comedic analysis of contemporary music , to a woman describing her and Carl Sagan 's 1970 's mission to hurl a time capsule full of music into space . As interesting as some of these scenes were , it was n't abundantly apparent how they tied in to the overall theme , which was , I think , that the human heart beat is the fundamental basis for all things musical . Maybe true , maybe not , but as a thesis , I did n't find this idea compelling enough to justify the dedication of an entire documentary.I suppose all of these artistic statements would have better held my attention had they been profound , moving , and beautifully poetic in the way so many artists can be . Indeed , some of the artist commentaries fit that description , but most unfortunately did not.The cover of the DVD advertised some musical heavyweights , such as John Frusciante , George Clinton and James Maynard Keenan , but their appearances were limited to one or two of the many 15-45 second snippets that made up the bulk of the movie . Their contributions did n't seem to warrant their prominent position on the DVD cover.I have to admit , quite sheepishly indeed , that we watched the last third of the movie on fast forward . At risk of sounding too harsh -LRB- and that is not my intent -RRB- , this documentary felt as though it had been swept together from the scraps on the floor of the editing room . Scraps that arose from the editing of some other , better documentary . Okay that does sound a bit harsh , but I really do n't mean it to be.When it was over , I was delighted to find that the DVD extras included an interview with John Frusciante . `` Aha '' I thought ... `` my evening can be salvaged yet ! '' ... But , sadly , even this failed to delight . I am forever grateful to John Frusciante for his musical genius ... just the thought of his brilliance can move me to tears . However , as much as this is true , I am also aware that verbal communication is not among his higher skills . 45 minutes of unedited interview with John was enough to make even a devoted fan drift off into oblivion -LRB- no disrespect intended here John . I love you . -RRB- . An edited 15 minute interview would have been soooooo much more rewarding.Despite my negative review ... I still feel thankful for the DVD . In a time when the mainstream is digesting meal after meal of irrelevant musical fodder , any documentary on music is better than no documentary .
 To say this is a `` documentary '' is to use the word very loosely . I expected this film to be about why humans are innately drawn to listening to and creating music . The reality is that it 's just 74 minutes of musicians -LRB- some good , some extremely poor -RRB- rambling on about their vague notions of what music `` is '' . You will learn nothing from watching this , and if I can save you $ 17 with this one star review then I feel like my job has been done.However , it is almost worth buying for the 40 minute uncut interview with John Frusciante included as a bonus feature . If you 're a fan of John then you will really enjoy that part . It 's quite a unique and raw insight into his mind .
 I guess that having a large mix of Artists will tickle some people in wanting to watch this documentary , but it seems to switch between the science of music and Artists trying to express themselves and what music means to them the whole time . A good premise , poor execution and a waste of money .
 i never ordered this so have no comment on it . it got accidently added to my cart and if you followed up with that , you 'd know i deleted it .
 I bought the series as a Lightning Deal -LRB- all 10 dvds at once -RRB- . Amazon sent the wrong version of Season 4 , one released in 2003 . That means I have 9 box sets that look the same and one HUGE box set that is completely out of place . I 've used Amazon for years , and this is the first time I 've been really displeased . I would call Customer Service or send an email , but that does n't appear to be an option . As I said , I 've never had a complaint until now ; it would be nice , though , if I could have that complaint handled .
 I purchased this Friends DVD set that was labeled ` Like New ' . The DVD 's skip and freeze . Besides that they took a couple weeks to arrive , but within the allotted time . Recently I purchased some Monk DVD 's from a different seller and they came within days . I am very disappointed in the false advertising of the Friends DVD set . This is actually my first negative experience on Amazon .
 Why this sitcom has become such a phenomenon is totally beyond me . It is in no way funny and the writing is juvenile . The characters are so one-dimensional it 's ... I just do n't get it . Maybe this is the intellectual low that the TV-viewing public has sunk to . Read a book instead !
 This show is so stupid . People in their 30 's that still hang out like kids and have conversations about eachothers lives . Boring . I ca n't wait for this show to go off the air already !
 I always find these series funny . People watch these as a way to escape their own `` horrible '' reality . They want their lives to be so good , just like tv . I just laugh at people who want to live lives like this , other examples would be Dawson 's Creek , and other similiar type shows . But remember nobody lives lives like these fictional people do , and if you do n't enjoy your own life change it , unless you are unwilling , a sheep that is n't in control of their own life . I would prefer to run or read a book , over watching these tv shows .
 Season 4 of the phenominal Friends ' series certainly was not the high point of this show 's ten-year stint . Briefly , the humor was dry and awkward , with almost every one of Chandler 's lines coming totally from some uneasy self-consciousness . Typically , this season 's humor made me want to cringe . Clearly , something significant had taken place this season in the directorial area . Also
 The cover of the dvd series was scuffed up when I received it . Also , as I began the 4th disc of the series , one of the episodes would n't play no matter what I did . I am having to send it back for a refund . However , the shipping was excellent and the customer service I received when explaining my problem was very fast and polite . I would rate the shipping and customer service very highly .
 Quick review
 IF YOU LIKE HOME MOVIES YOU MAY LIKE THIS , NO NEED TO BUY THIS IF YOU HAVE THE ENDLESS SUMMER , I SUGGEST WAITING FOR ENDLESS SUMMER 2 ON DVD .
 Endless Summer Revisited is not worth the time you spend watching it , not to mention your wasted money buying/renting it . Instead , try Endless Summer II
 If nothing else , this video helps one to appeciate the hard work and dedication that goes into good ballet . This is not good ballet at any point.This video was an exercise in frustration . The viewer has no idea as to the training level of the participants and , therefore , can not make a fair assessment of the proficiency . It occurred to me that the dancers were not acting in concert or taking responsibility for mistakes individually . There was no energy or interest by either dancer . I got the impression that neither wanted to be there . Even the teacher seemed detached , leaving a desire to hear what corrections were being made.The technical aspects of this video were lacking
 Awful . Not worth watching . No explanations or corrections given for dancers stopping and starting . Badly lit , amateurish in presentation . But what can you expect if they ca n't even spell pas de deux properly ?
 By the title of this DVD you would think it was about prehistoric animals . Instead it is about a religious woman trying to save an alcholic man . Not to mention boring . Not worth purchasing .
 *** This review may contain spoilers *** The late screen writing guru , Blake Snyder , came out with a book a few years ago , entitled ` Save the Cat ' . He argued that a successful screenplay should contain a ` Save the Cat ' moment at the beginning of a script , where the hero ingratiates his audience through a humanitarian gesture -LRB- it could involve helping a person or even an animal ; hence the term , ` save the cat ' -RRB- . Newcomer writer/director Paddy Considine turns Snyder 's advice on its head by offering up the opposite
 The best you can do is kill the dog in the first 2 minutes ? That 's how you establish the conflicted nature of the protagonist ? Do people really still fall for this cheap shortcut?Don ' t waste your time on this POS .
 I have no one to blame but myself for NOT reading the description ! I got this as a stocking stuffer for my mom -LRB- she had read about this movie and really wanted it -RRB- . . it does NOT work in regular dvd players . Price was great , just wish my stupid-self read everything : p
 Mmmkay , so the Serial Squadron took a rotten serial , truncated it , added color effects , and further monkeyed with it to make it `` better '' . Uh-huh . So here 's my advice , serial fans
 I love the old Republic serials , saw many of them on Saturday morning as a youth in the pre TV era . & have a decent VHS collection . So my cutiosity was aroused when I saw that Robinson Crusoe of Clipper Island had never been reviewed and was usually available at a bargain price . I bought a copy and here ' c my opinion.In Summary , this is easily the worst chapterplay I have ever watched . A more detailed report follows : RC of CI has a fairly standard plot . First of all , it has nothing to do with the classic novel `` Robinson Crusoe '' . An espionage ring is causing trouble for a large Corporation who calls in an intrepid government agent -LRB- Ray Mala -RRB- to investigate . The head of the ring is not unmasked until the last segment , but it 's made clear early on that the head `` bad guy '' is one of the key executives of the Corporation . Mala is assisted by the princess of a native island culture . Her people are being framed for the troubles by the nefarious spies . The chapterplay is 14 chapters and takes place in San Francisco and the South Pacific.The lead actor is Ray Mala , who gives new meaning to the word inept . I suspect that English was his second language and he does not have the physical skills to pull of the action scenes . The second lead , Rex -LRB- a horse -RRB- and the third lead , Buck -LRB- a dog -RRB- were clearly superior actors as compared to Mr. Mala - although the Dog probably did n't do it 's best work being a St. Bernard stuck with a gig in the South Pacific . The remainder of the cast were the usual stable of Republic character actors who turned in an honest few weeks work.The production values were about what you would expect for a low budget 1936 chapterplay . I gave read that this was the only the 4th chapterplay made by Republic . Obviously , they got a lot better . Unfortunately , the cliffhangers were quite bad . The cliffhanger at the end of chapter 7 is very possibly the worst cliffhanger I have ever seen . Also , Cliffhanger cheating was rampant.Finally , there were two instances where about 2-3 minutes of fight action was cut into a new chapter . This was not a review chapter , just frugality.In closing , It 's always been accepted by chapterplay fans that one chapterplay had to be the best - so it makes sense that one has to be the worst as well . THIS IS IT .
 This serial has nothing whatever to do with the Robinson Crusoe story -- the only similarity is that it takes place on an island . The lead role is played by easily the worst actor ever to appear in a serial , probably the worst ever in any motion picture . The second and third leads listed in the credits are animals . It was such an early Republic serial that it has most of the inferior qualities of Mascot Studios . And yet , there 's something about it that makes it worth watching.Watching Mala try to speak his lines is fascinating , like watching a train wreck . Not only can he not act , he does n't speak clearly . It must have been embarrassing to the rest of the cast . He makes Sammy Baugh -LRB- `` King of the Texas Rangers '' -RRB- look like Laurence Olivier . You have to know the background to understand why Mala was ever cast in the lead . A native Inuit , in 1933 he had been cast in an all-native American film called `` Eskimo , '' produced by the legendary Irving Thalberg and billed by MGM as `` the biggest picture ever made , '' and it was a huge success . He later worked in quite a few other pictures as both actor and cameraman , and became one of Hollywood 's elite -- he numbered Johnny Weissmuller , Bob Hope , and Stan Laurel among his close friends . He also appeared in less important roles in other serials , `` Hawk of the Wilderness '' -LRB- 1938 -RRB- , `` Great Adventures of Wild Bill Hickock '' -LRB- 1938 -RRB- , and `` Flash Gordon Conquers the Universe '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- . He appeared in some 25 films over a period of almost 30 years , often as a Polynesian or Hawaiian . He passed away on the set of his last film in 1952 at the age of only 46 . His son Ted Mala became the first Alaska native doctor.One or two of the cliffhangers are quite clever ; then again , many are laughably bad . In one , Mala is diving with an air helmet when his air hose is cut , he calls `` I need air ! '' and then just walks along the bottom until he reaches the beach . In another , he 's clinging to the edge of an airplane wing which crashes into the water , killing all aboard -- he survives , without explanation . In yet another , a plane is seen to crash into the sea , but in the resolution it actually lands safely.In spite of the lead 's terrible acting -- or perhaps partly because of it -- the serial is worth watching . Mala does have some charisma and you do want to root for him . Mamo Clark makes a fetching heroine in her sarong . The horse and the dog , holdovers from the Mascot era , are used effectively and are fun to watch .
 Dude , I 'm brazilian , and I live in Rio . this movie is a big lie , its all wrong ! dont waste your money buying this ... buy elite squad , which is waaaaaay much better ! trust me !
 Is this a story about a family cursed by some unknown demonic possession or is it a story about mother and daughter 's psychological issues resulting in hallucinations ? Single mom keeps her daughter close to home by telling her stories that make her fearful of the outside world and when she wanders too far , chaining her to a post inside the home . The plot deepens when someone dies -LRB- off screen -RRB- , but does it stem from a curse or an hallucination?The writer played with both ideas with brief flashes of a cheap makeup and costumed witchy looking woman who basically just stood a few times in the background . D-The acting , although over-the-top and not too believable , effectively got the story message across . CThe editing/directing needed help with really bad audio that made even a conversation intolerable with one person 's voice too loud and the other not even audible . At the same time a bird chirping in a tree would drown out both . No subtitles . The switch between scenes was often just a disruptive few seconds of black screen . D-A potentially interesting script for an often used plot but which lacked a budget to really pull it off .
 `` It 's a dangerous world out there ... `` An alcoholic mom -LRB- Kerry Ann Reid -RRB- abuses her daughter and denies her food . She forces the daughter Billie -LRB- Cassandra Kane -RRB- to sleep on the sofa while she entertains men . She loathes her daughter for ruining her life . While Billie is afraid of the outside world , she is forced to leave the house because she is hungry , a simple trip that becomes an adventure . It is a story of how abuse , alcoholism , and madness runs in a family.I did n't like the plot , the characters , the acting , or the dialouge . It reminded me of a bad 70 's drive-in movie second feature . Not really a horror film.F-bomb , no sex , no nudity .
 I , along with one of the other people who rated this `` movie '' , thought the cover looked pretty cool . I also thought it sounded pretty decent . . That was the biggest waste of $ 1.00 I have ever spent !! It started slow , the acting was awful ... And do n't get me started on the ending of the movie !! How horrible !! Most of the plot had some potential , maybe if the budget was more than $ 6,500 dollars , the ticking clock and dripping faucet would n't have taken up so many scenes in the movie ... Uggh ... What a horrible ending scene !!
 OK , when I saw the cover I thought '' Hmmm looks interesting '' . Once I read a the storyline I really thought that it would be good . I mean what 's not to love about a abused child finally getting fed up , and killing their parent in self-defense so to speak ... Boy was I wrong this movie started off slow , and got even worse as time went on ... I wasted a $ 1.27 on this movie . it really sucked . Ido think it would have been better with a better director ...
 `` A Horrible Way to Die '' is really a horrible film to watch . It just muddles along and along never really getting anywhere until the end . There is very little suspense , no mystery and a rather ill-advised twist that resulted in a complete mess of a movie . In this movie , we have a serial killer who has escaped from prison and begins to hack his way in search of his ex-girlfriend who helped to put him away . The girlfriend , Sarah , is a recovering alcoholic and begins a relationship with someone in her AA group . It seems like the creators of this flick just did not know what to do with this film , and while they obviously hold great store in their twist in the end , it is very ill-conceived . In short , there is nothing scary or even remotely interesting in this dull , boring and lifeless script.The execution of this film is very poor as the movie has no atmosphere whatsoever . The only thing that the movie a good job with is the use of setting , but the movie just never really gets off the ground . It 's clear that the makers of this film wanted the audience to think one way over the entire boring film and then just surprise you with the ending , but the ending does n't really satisfy the viewer , and the audience comes away cheated . Honestly , my reaction after watching this movie was , what was the point of this movie ???
 camerawork kills this film ... the majority of scenes have closeup views , intentional out-of-focus shots , and indoor lighting issues that really are a diservice to viewing . it 's dizzy , fuzzy , and microscopic , and it could have been a great film ! ... tsk-tsk guys
 A complete waste of time . It was hard to figure out what they were attempting to convey . Quite simply pointless .
 It 's a shame that there is so much offensive language because there is god information . I ca n't recommend this to my friends or share it with my children .
 After the disappointment of Police Academy 5 and the improvement of Police Academy 6 , you would think this final sequel would have been a nice finish to the series . Wrong ! Police Academy
 Police Academy started to lose steam after Their First Assignment . The third was decent but still passable but the next three were weak . Mission To Moscow hands down is the worst of the series.The plot is stupid beyond belief . It details the Police Academy going to Moscow to stop some Russian mobster -LRB- played by Ron Perlman -RRB- from taking over the world with a video game that consists of some bear running around punching people.Yeah , that is the movie in a nutshell . Half if the original cast is gone and the ones who are still here look bored to death . The jokes and gags fall flat and for a Police Academy this one is pretty boring . This installment makes City Under Siege look like a comedic masterpiece . Even if you like the Police Academy series skip this turd . Showgirls is funnier than this nightmare . YES , its THAT bad !
 The Police Academy series came crashing to a halt with the ill-fated and much belated Police Academy
 The 6th one was better than this . Read the other review it says the same thing I want to say . Rent 1,2,3,4,5 , not 6 and certainly not 7 .
 This film is terrible beyond description . Avoid at all costs .
 LOOK , ALL THEY DID WAS GO TO MOSCOW AND TRY TO STOP AN EVIL MAN FROM DESTROYING THE WORLD . FIRST OF ALL , DO N'T CARE . SECOND OF ALL , ALMOST ALL THE BEST CAST MEMBERS ARE GONE . AND THIRD OF ALL , IT 'S JUST THE WORST POLICE ACADEMY OF THEM ALL .
 I enjoyed every Police Academy movie except this one . This one was TERRIBLE . It was not funny AT ALL . Like other people , I had no idea this movie was even made until I saw it on the shelf in a video store . I rented it and I was very disapointed . The only reason anyone would want to see this or get it would be to complete there Police Academy collection . I would strongly advise you not to rent it or buy it for laughs .
 i must Be Truth full I love the police academy films ALL Butthis one.it never fails to put me to sleep The jokes are notfunny the acting is very Bad and hightower HooKS AND proctorare missing thats a nother reason i Did not care for the filmthey never even explain what happen to them.I guess David graflesile easterbrook micheal winslow and Gw bailey Must haveneeded the cash im being kind giving this movie 2 stars causei am a fan of the series But this movie gets a big Z For beingboring it works better then any sleeping pill .
 Jesus , it kills me to give it a star , but unfortunately there is n't a no star option . Worst film I 've ever seen .
 The only thing I have to say is these are the only kinds of movies where the cops are a joke ! At least according to Darryl Gates . Why do n't there be a police academy movie/DVD gift set ??
 THE ONLY WAY THIS MOVIE WILL BE FUNNY IF IT WAS PUT ON MYSTERY SCIENCE THEATER 3000 . THAT S ONLY WAY IT WILL MAKE SOMEONE LAUGH .
 This is the only police academy movie that is n't too funny . It 's still ok and not that bad . Pick up the pack on dvd when it comes out in april .
 ... that 's only because that shameful position belongs to `` 2001
 Old info , boring could n't even finish it . boring format , and presenter . bad music , bad filming . do n't waste the $ $ $ . just do n't !
 I managed to get through the movie but it took an effort . The Photoplay Restoration was so heavily fuscia tinted it was almost imposible to make out what was going on . Very little was discernible in dark areas of the screen while the highlighted areas , such as the actors faces , were a sickly green tinged with fuscia . It would have been a much better in black and white . I have vhs and LaserDisc copies of movies which predate this one -LRB- Napoleon andLon Chaney , Sr. 's Phantom of the Opera , to name 2 -RRB- which are much more viewable than this dvd . I wo n't be watching this one a second time .
 We got this movie because my mom always talked about having seen it as a child -LRB- born in 1916 -RRB- . She loved it then , and wanted so badly to see it again . So we purchased it on Amazon - even got the special edition so it might have better audio & video , since her sight & hearing are n't what they used to be . We excitedly put it on for her , and proceeded to be bored out of our skulls -LRB- all of us , including her -RRB- for the entire duration of the movie ! I 'm sure this might be great for a silent movie afficionado , but we could n't wait for it to get over.The `` bonus short feature '' however was hilarious . It too is a silent movie , but even now , nearly a century after it was made , it is still very funny . Unfortunately , it does have some very blatently racist scenes , typical of the times in which it was made . But even those few scenes managed to be humorous , despite the distasteful racist stereotyping and patronization . I believe that even most African Americans whom I know would find them comical -LRB- and it does n't hurt that in at least one scene the black butler is the only one with any common sense , while the po ' white folk run around in histerical terror -RRB- . If you 're looking for a scare , or even an enjoyable look into the past , I would pass on this one unless you 're a silent movie buff . That is , of course , unless you 're willing to pay the full price for the short feature . Enjoy !
 Why would anyone watch a movie that features Seth Green as a gangster or any movie with Vin Diesel for that matter ? Personally , I had very little interest in this film , but I wanted to see it because of John Malkovich . He is so funny and no one plays the bad guy , better than he does . As always , Malkovich was brilliant , in an otherwise awful movie . Knockaround Guys is the story of four gangster 's kids , who are tired of being nobodies , and decide it 's time to make a score of their own . A score that they manage to royally screw up . It 's a good premise for a movie and it was written pretty well . They did a great job casting veteran actors like Malkovich and Dennis Hopper to play the crime bosses , but they really blew it when it came to casting their kids . Seth Green is n't believable at all , seriously , I think the little kid in the beginning of the movie could kick his ass . They try to cover up the fact that he does n't fit the role by making him a drug addict , but it does n't work out . Vin Diesel is another one , he may be terrific in crazy action films that hardly have any lines , but when the role is something of substance , and requires a personality , Diesel is the last person who should be cast . He is one of the worst actors I 've ever seen , but there is a bright side . When Arnold Schwarzenegger first started acting , he was pretty terrible too , but after gaining some experience , he blossomed into a superstar , who gave us some great films . I hope the same can be said about Diesel in a few years , until then , unless you 're a die hard John Malkovich fan , you can avoid seeing this giant mess of a film .
 Knockaround Guys is about the son of a mafioso wanting to get into the `` business '' . The opening scene starts off with an intensely violent and unnecessary torturing of a man . The son of the mafioso is only 9 at the time and is told to kill the man . This is the most disturbing parts of the movie . A 9-year-old is asked to kill a human being . How horrible is this ? Then , the movie moves ahead to a 20-something Matty who wants to be more than rich . He wants to be powerful and be known as a somebody , not just the son of a mafioso , He wants to BE the mafioso . So he asks his father for a mission . The mission is to transport protection money to a certain location . However , Matty entrusts the money with his friend who is a complete dumba ** and he ends up leaving the money at an airport near a small town . This film is not really worth watching unless you are a HUGE Vin Diesel fan . I say this because even though Diesel only has a few decent lines and sequences , they are solid . The ending is completely predictable as is the entire film . I give this 2 stars ONLY because of Vin Diesel 's great performance .
 Knockaround Guys -LRB- Brian Koppelman and David Levien , 1999 -RRB- Koppelman and Levien , the writers behind the brilliant Rounders -LRB- and the not-so-brilliant Runaway Jury -RRB- take their first -LRB- and , to date , last -RRB- helming job with Knockaround Guys . This film has taken a lot of flak from a lot of sides , and some of it justifiably ; they should have left the direction to John Dahl -LRB- Rounders -RRB- again , because we ended up with a number of above-average performances in a mess of a movie.Matty Demaret -LRB- emerging star Barry Pepper , recently in 25th Hour and We Were Soldiers -RRB- is the kid of a mob boss known as Benny Chains -LRB- Dennis Hopper -RRB- . He wants to live a normal life , but as soon as anyone hears he 's a mob boss ' kid , they shy away . So his only real option is to become a mob kid . Unfortunately , he tried that at thirteen and failed miserably . But he convinces his father to give him one more chance ; he has to go pick up a bag of cash in Seattle and get it to New York City . He subcontracts out the job to his friend Johnny Marbles -LRB- Seth Green -RRB- , who manages to lose the bag when stopping for gas in the nowhere town of Wibeaux , Montana . Matty and his friends Taylor -LRB- Vin Diesel , in what would have been his second big-screen appearance had the movie been released on time -RRB- and Chris -LRB- Andrew Davoli of Welcome to Collinwood fame -RRB- go to Wibeaux to help Marbles -LRB- Chris ' brother , by the way -RRB- retrieve the money , all the while being told by Benny and Benny 's right hand man Teddy -LRB- John Malkovich , reprising his Rounders role as Teddy KGB right down to the accent -RRB- that if they do n't get this bag back pronto , the whole lot of them are going to be rubbed out.Let 's face it , when your main characters include Diesel , Pepper , Green , Hopper , and Malkovich , you 're bound to get some good roles . Diesel , especially , is worthwhile here ; his `` aesthetics of fighting '' monologue does n't have the emotional resonance of the `` Raisin in the Sun '' monologue of Multi-Facial , but the delivery is easily on a par . Pepper and Green play their Reservoir-Dogs-esque roles capably , though as the film progresses the roles themselves get more ludicrous . Malkovich has the same quiet menace here that he did in Rounders , but the role is overexposed -LRB- it was done perfectly in the former movie -RRB- . Etc. . The plot pretty much falls apart after Marbles loses the money , though ; the directors did n't seem sure if they wanted to make a Reservoir Dogs-style comedy or a Lifetime Original Movie coming-of-age drama . The hybrid of the two does not a real barnburner make . See it if you 're a fan of any of the principals , but most of the rest of anyone will be wondering what that mess was . **
 These movies are awesome , of course.Amazon on the other hand , is lying about what they are selling . The movies are low-quality fullscreen format . They do n't actually have a widescreen version , and they 'll give you the run-around and hassle you to ship movies back for a replacement only to get yet another fullscreen formatted set of movies . Will they ever fix this page ? nope . Will they continue to lie and trick people into purchasing this , hoping to catch people who wo n't notice and wo n't return it until it is too late ? Yes.Bad form , amazon . I 'm done with you .
 First off this is a hollywood movie that wants to make quick money of big stars that should not be doing gangster movies , Dennis Hooper , John M , are not gangster role material , Vin is money maker for action films , Seth is a comic star , Barry is a drama or action co star , IF YOU WANT TO SEE A BETTER MOVIE THEN CHECK OUT `` WANNABES '' this is an ok movie for a bunch of guys shooting guys but thats it it is noway in the league of `` Godfather , Goodfellas , Casino , Meanstreets , or Scarface `` RENT IT DONT BUY IT
 I could not make it through the first half an hour with out quitting . I 'm sorry but if your gon na use a real town , film in the actual town . Wibaux is not big enough to have an airport let alone all the buildings that were shown in the movie , plus we do drive new cars in Montana , I 'm not originally from this area but I hate it when you people assume we are stuck back in the fifties . Needless to say this movie sucked . I would n't even bother watching it for free .
 It is inconceivable to me that our native criminals , our Organized Crime families , could be that stupid ; they would n't be able to feed themselves . It would take them weeks to figure out Calzone.Diesel , you do n't want to go back to bouncing , do you ? If you do n't cut this out you wo n't have any career left .
 Summary : Matty Demaret -LRB- Barry Pepper -RRB- is the son of a New York mob boss who has been convinced he has no stomach for his father 's line of work ; mostly by his uncle , Teddy Deserve -LRB- John Malkovich -RRB- . Mobster children not having a stomach for the work is apparently as common as bananas in Central America , so this should n't be a big deal , but Matty still wants to work . The problem is Matty 's family name prevents him from finding work elsewhere . Thus , the movie begins with him finally convincing both his father and his Uncle -LRB- who is his father 's second in command -RRB- that he can handle a job for the ` organization ' since it is only going to involve transporting something and not killing anyone.The mission is to transport some money from the Midwest back to New York . The money is a loan from a friendly mob to help Matty 's father as he plugs some of the holes in his operation -LRB- someone is stealing his money -RRB- . One of Matty 's close friends , Johnny Marbles -LRB- Seth Green -RRB- , is a pilot , and Matty gets him to make the run . But on the way back to New York with the money , Johnny has to temporarily ditch it when he stops for gas at an airport to avoid the suspicion of some authorities . When he returns for the bag of money , it 's gone.Matty then gets two of his closest friends , Chris Scarpa -LRB- Andrew Davoli -RRB- and Taylor Reese -LRB- Vin Diesel -RRB- to join him and Johnny in podunk Montana to track down the money . Two stereotyped skateboarder airline employees found the bag and have begun to treat themselves to some of the money . But the father of one of the boys , Sheriff Decker -LRB- Tom Noonan -RRB- , catches up with his son and finds the money . Quickly realizing why Matty and his friends are in town , the Sheriff decides to split the money with his deputy and kill the Knockaround Guys -LRB- Matty and his friends -RRB- . The Knockaround Guys , meanwhile , have begun employing mobster style tactics to get the money back , but Matty has also had to report to his father , resulting in his Uncle Teddy coming out to solve the problem . When everything comes to a head , only Matty and Taylor walk away alive , but with the money . And , as it turns out , Teddy was the one stealing from Matty 's dad.My Comments : I guess this is supposed to be a new twist on the mobster story as the movie is about a bunch of mobster children discovering what it really means to be mobsters . But novelty is n't enough to make for a good story.From the beginning the movie is riddled with problems . Why would Matty 's dad trust his son 's junkie friend to transport $ 500,000 when he knows he 's a recovering dopehead , and a scrawny one at that ? I would n't trust the guy with a rock , let alone half a million dollars . And if Matty 's dad is virtually all-powerful , why does n't he just put on a little pressure to get him a job somewhere ? Am I naive to think that might work?And then there 's the whole Uncle Teddy embezzling from the father thing . Maybe I was the only person that that hit from out of nowhere , but it sure seemed to me there was no set up for this twist . One minute Uncle Teddy was a nice guy , the next he was stealing money from Matty 's dad and had every intention of killing Matty himself . It was absolutely unconvincing . I 'm thinking it was thrown in there just to make the movie interesting . There are numerous other plot problems as well , including Scarpa deciding not to run and some very slow sequences while the Knockaround Guys are waiting for the sheriff to deal.As far as the acting goes , it was n't terrible , but neither should it be up for any awards . John Malkovich was a little unique , but I think it 's just because he is n't standard mobster material . Seth Green was silly , but hey , that 's Seth Green . The rest of the cast was bearable , except when they attempted to deliver philosophical monologues , which just do n't seem right coming from someone like Vin Diesel.Overall , the movie is watchable but not recommended . It 's slow , full of plot holes , and not particularly surprising or interesting . I might recommend it for Vin Diesel or John Malkovich fans , but everyone else should stay away .
 Canadian Blu Rays DVD 's are almost by definition bad.This Blu Ray went a bit further and it 's even worse tha bad , it 's pittiful.No subtitles in ANY language , bad transfe , the DVD has more video quality , audio quality and xtras than the poor BluRay.From a 300 BluRay library I own , this is by far the worst BluRay I own . I wish Amazon.com would stop selling Canadian BLURAYs.Seriously the DVD is way better , I own it too .
 The actors in the movie are really cute , but it 's not worth the torture of sitting through an hour and a half of bad plots and even worse lines . I never knew a movie could be this bad and still attract `` big-name '' actors . The only plus -LRB- other than the actors -RRB- is that it 's a great movie to MAKE FUN of ... I 've never seen this bad of a representation of the Mafia !!
 This is ` nt a horrible film by any means , and it is entertaining.Having a mediocre script , basically onscreen chemestry of Barry Pepper , Vin Diesel , Seth Green and Dennis Hopper make this film work.John Malcovich is usually an interesting guy to see on film , but in this film ... he was ` nt very exciting as the back stabbing betrayer he was suppose to be.It was kinda funny seeing a bunch of city guys -LRB- wise guys or not -RRB- dropped off out in the sticks.I can kind of identify with that ... its quite a thing to be out of your element.After Barry Pepper begging to do a job for his father -LRB- Hopper -RRB- his good friend & recovering ; coke addict -LRB- Seth Green -RRB- doing the courier work screws the pooch.He looses the merchandise in a podunk red neck town in Wyoming.Desperate to find what was in the stolen , all of Peppers friends go to Wyoming to sort out the mess they are in.Diesel is obviously there purely for `` the muscel '' and to get things off to a good start , he beats the begeeses out of the town tuff guy.Sooner of later Pepper 's old man finds out what is going on , and now not only is Pepper & his ; old man in the S$ # !? * $ ! but all his friends as well are in doo-doo over their eye balls , cause now dirty cops are involved.Its a decent film , and given what they had to work with , it worked well.I do n't know if this is a film to own , but it is entertaing & worth ; watching at least once or twice.This is probably one of the more recent films that had the fewest lines for Diesel since Private Ryan.Just about anyone can watch this film , it 's not an oscar winner by any means , but it 's better than most of the other crap that is out there .
 The casting was great and the story of sons of mobsters trying to make a name for themselves is a interesting concept . The concept of the movie was great but the movie fell trap to a plot-driven movie instead playing their strength of the cast to a charactor-driven story . To me this movie had the potential to be a great movie but it failed to trust their material .
 Watchable for more than once and that 's something at least . Knockaround Guys does n't have too deep of a plot and little surprises . Seth Green acted well , though perhaps not his best , it was still great . The others , and I refer to them as a whole because no one is really outstanding , played ok . 3/5 ok . Diesel acted fairly well except when he goes to ` find the toughest guy in town and kick his @ $ $ ' . Perhaps that 's the writers ' fault but the scene is entirely lame and stupid to no end . He talks about his way to 500 fights while kicking the crap out of the guy who did absolutely nothing . Lame . Just lame . I 'd take two stars out of five away from the rating just for that scene.I may be biased here but I consider one of the best -LRB- by performance -RRB- scenes where the two guys kill Johnny . Seth plays him perfectly and the character deserves that much respect for dying the way he did . I felt they should have given him more of the mentioned respect than just throwing his body in the trunk of a car and being done with it . Poor Johnny . It 's ironic because that is also my second most-hated scene since he was a great character.The whole movie has a strange aura to it . The depth of the characters is slim to none and most scenes are predictable and pretty dumb.Overall , if you can see the movie for free , see it . If you can see it for under $ 10 , see it . But there is not much point in buying it .
 I 'll be honest I am thoroughly entertained by Michael Moores movies , he does have a gift that makes them addictive , I ca n't stand the guy but I do enjoy watching his movies . I have to say this movie has no point . The movie is about Michale Moore trying to get the CEO of GM to somewhow get involved the lives of former employees and do some type of favor for them , WHY ? A corporation is not a charity , its a business , if corporations main stakeholders in all considerations were the employees than they would not exist and no one would benefit from their existence . Considiering GM built Flint and Michael Moore 's whole upbringing is a result of that company 's employment of his father and grandfather , I ca n't understand what he expects this business he derides as evil to do . Just because you have a job today does not mean your entitled to a job for life , I know this is totally against Union way of thinking , but thank god for America the majority of us are well aware of this . Showing the human side of job loss is very sad , but is n't this America and a business has the right where and how to run their business to become profitable . I loved the fact that because of the UAW 's entitlement contracts GM is broke today , well at least they got a Michael Moore sympathizer running the show now.This movie 's message is dumb , it 's basically that businesses owe more to employees than the paycheck and benefits they already receive . Moore just wants to get rich through controversy and he has done that .
 I agree on the majority of Moore 's political views and used to be a huge fan . However , more and more I learned about his techniques to get a point across . This film which happens to be - like all his other films - tremendoulsy entertaining is by no means a documentary . The reason
 Although I admire Moore for successfully doing something about what the rest of us just read in the papers , this doc hammered in the same point over and over again , and it hammered hard - by the end of it I was numb . If you do n't live in the States , this is a dangerous vehicle for thinking that all Americans are unreliable , insincere , selfish and stupid . This issue is more complex than `` if you lay off workers you 're an evil man '' . Yes , corporate capitalism is n't ethical , but Moore offers no history , explanation , dissection , comparison , or suggestions ; all he does is show pictures of rich people next to poor people . Maybe it 's `` Social Development 101 '' , just a wake-up call , and the analysis and suggestions for improvement can come later . The final sequence was very touching - the head honcho of GM making a pretty and utterly insincere Christmas speech about how wonderful the world is , intercut with scenes of a family in the same town being thrown out of their house . But if you 're genuinely interested in finding out more about this kind of subject , buy a book .
 Since this was his breakthrough , we can clearly see that this is not a great documentary . Some of the points Moore try to make the viewer swallow are never clear . for example , the scene with the lady killing the rabbit by apllying blows in its head . What for?I did not enjoy this movie . It shows people getting ousted of their houses by judiciary orders , and shows their poor and indefense children . Come on , it 's not GM 's fault -LRB- or anybody 's fault in the whole world !!! -RRB- that underpaid people have more children than they can take care of . Like Fred Ross -LRB- the guy who appears in the film and that applies the court decisions , you do n't need help to be a poor man!Other than this , the title is a swindle . Moore never gets to have an interview with Roger Smith -LRB- GM 's CEO -RRB- , only a brief exchange of words in some convention.I disliked the movie , not because it shows `` Bad America '' -LRB- a fact all his movies deal about -RRB- , but because I think it 's not on the same level of BOWLING AT COLUMBINE or FAHRENHEIT 9/11 .
 I gave this movie 1 star because it is not a true documentary . It falls more along the same fodder as `` Spinal Tap '' . It is missing a counter point from GM . One could argue that Roger had chances to talk with Moore , but choose not to . One the other hand , Rogers missing interview is what gave the movie such an emotional hold . I believe that Moore counted on not being granted air time at GM for the production of this film . An interview would have killed the tone.Watch the nightly news NOW . Last night , March 22nd 2006 , GM offered a one time buy out to some of it 's employees . The news reported that GM can not afford to maintain its relationship with the UAW -LRB- Just like what caused the Flint situation in the film -RRB- . This same thing happened in the late 1980 's and brought forth this extremely biased movie . This film is entertaining in a strange way , but should not be considered to be the absolute truth . Watch it with a grain of salt.For what it 's worth , Under close examination , Careful consideration andKeen intellect , you will see a undercover messageYou might need to examine closely the content.Outwardly , things are not what they seemUntil you look more closely.Many times the basic concept isMisread in the dialogOnce you see this , andOpen your mind to it , Rational thought willEmerge .
 Michael Moore filmed this propaganda , partially financed by the United Auto Workers , to distract attention from the real reason GM was forced to shutter plants - the Japanese auto invasion , made possible by GM 's unhealthy cost structure . The company was burdened with exorbitant UAW wages , something union friendly Michael Moore does his best to conceal . So Roger Smith becomesthe reason for the plant closings . Years of losses at GM have shown Moore 's twisted arguments to be exactly what they were then - phoney UAW sponsored lies to shift attention away from theprimary role played by the UAW in the death spiral of the automakers . Moore and others pretend GM management had dropped the ball , but GM lost tens of thousands of engineers and salaried staff , let go long before any unionized line workers felt any pain . ALL of GM 's problems are the result of the lack of profits resulting from the UAW albatross - slow redesign cycles , lack of money for research , you name it . Moore will never mention how the UAW has screwed the consumers for the past 70 years andhow now that consumers have a choice , they find the better value in Asian autos . Nobody wants to pay a UAW worker to bolt on a fender while making more than their family doctor . The UAW has fixed labor prices for long enough . Enough is enough and Mooreis shown to be the stooge of the unions with this preposterous piece of slanted fiction he laughingly calls a `` documentary . ''
 I was born and raised in Flint , Michigan and after watching Michael Moore 's movie `` Roger and Me . '' I have came to the conclusion that ; We must all be like Michael Moore and blame GM management for all of Flint 's poverty and unemployment ; it was n't the greed of the unions . It was the devil that ruined Flint ; Old white men dressed in huge suits playing the role of the evil alliance while Michael Moore plays a fat sloppily dressed Luke Skywalker cutting down the alliance with his camera - light saber . Hollywood stories are entertaining but the reality is that the Auto Unions got so corrupt toward the end that GM Management could not afford to work with them . They controlled factory jobs to the point that you had to be accepted like a mafia Goodfellow to get an auto assembly line position . If you had a family member working in the factory you where guarantee a job , all other need not apply . The birth right would have granted you a membership to live the auto work force lifestyle in Flint ; the uneducated shop rat making 35-65 dollars an hour screwing bolts into defective cars . Having two General Motors cars in your driveway at home and a weekend cottage up north on an over populated lake . You had to be connected with the `` Union Family '' for such a life . The union 's main job was to keep the auto assembly line jobs running like they did in their hay day of the 70 's , where a line worker could play cards all day on the factory line and take breaks at the local bar across the street during work hours to pound down a 40oz beer and/or enjoy a lap dance from a local stripper . It got to the point that they built fencing around the auto factories with razor wire not to keep robbers out of the factories but to keep the workers out of the bars during working hours.Yes the `` Great Flint Sit-Down Strike '' in 1939 did improve the inhumanin conditions of the auto factory worker only to get abused by the half wited off-spring of the strikers . Flint should not have blowned it 's amusment park `` Autoworld '' just because the local poticians where imbarrassed by it , it should stand proud symbolizing the ignorance of the generation that created it.The movie taught me that we all need to be hip like Michael Moore and point our fingers of blame at GM management for all of Flint problems . He made a Hollywood style movie out of it so it must be true . He was speaking up for the unemployed autoworker of Flint . The only thing is that Michael Moore 's life story also ends like Star Wars . Michael Moore 's father is General Motors teaching Michael how to exploit the Flint Autoworker and run off with the profits . GM went to Mexico to find cheap labor while Roger ran off to New York with the profits of the exploitation of Flint 's poverty .
 Michael Moore gives a very biased view of Roger Smith . This film illustrates the uneducated Michael Moore . Michael Moore fails to shed light on many of the economical problems facing GM and Flint .
 I was just wondering why Moore never mentions the fact that Flint was the highest paid GM plant in the US -LRB- the average worker made close to 100 grand/year -RRB- and were demanding more . Maybe that 's part of the reason GM -LRB- and other US companies -RRB- are moving to Mexico and overseas - because they do n't really have the magic money tree to pay the unions as much as they keep demanding . I just wish he had addressed this ... Well , you ca n't have everything , I guess . Otherwise , the film is a darkly humorous depiction of what happens when unskilled union workers are forced to face the real world . -LRB- Gee , I hope I do n't sound biased here . -RRB-
 This movie is more about making people look bad than it is about General Motors . The majority of the interviews are not humorous , make no real point , and have nothing to do with General Motors or Roger Smith . Moore spends more time with the rabbit lady and the eviction guy than he does with anyone else . And what purpose does showing a rabbit being killed serve this movie ? That nauseating scene makes the scene in Fatal Attraction look tame . There are no solutions offered nor is there much in the way of analysis of the issues . In his own way , Moore is every bit as elitist as the figures that he caricatures throughout the movie . A shameful manipulation that could only have been made to feed Moore 's monstrous ego .
 Once again another MM project that has a few , good points . That 's it people , a few , good points . The problem is then his points are wasted because of a smug , arrogant attitude . This is a constant theme in all his work . Those of you who think it 's `` hilarious '' do not understand capitalism - or worse yet have some kind of problem with a company that makes a profit . MM has a personal axe to grind over Flint , Michigan , and he does this well . Bottom line , it 's easy to gripe and rant when something does n't work . It 's harder to provide solutions . Thanks Mike .
 I think that the movie was pretty good because it tells the truth abuot Roger , He is really greedy . He shut the warehouse down so he did not have to pay 30,000 people . And I think that it did a lot to the comminity they lost money the crime rate went up and tons of people got evicted because of this . I think it was the worst thing that Roger could do to that comminity .
 First off , no one would deny that the CEO of GM was a greedy old white man that only cared about making a profit for his company and shareholders . The thing that irks me about this movie is how poorly it defends the side of capitalism . Essentially , capitalism has no voice . Moore has obviously never taken a course in economics.Why does n't he make a movie about a socialist society ? Go to Cuba and film how awful the living conditions are there . The people there will never live to see the day of 5 % unemployment . In case you did n't know , most European countries have well over 10 % unemployment . They 'll never have any of the opportunities that even poor people enjoy here . How would it be to live under a politburo where a bunch of old men sit around a table and decide what job you do , where you live , and how you live?Capitalism gets a bad wrap because it 's based on a theory that men will only do what 's in their best interest . It 's interesting that this crazy theory , when applied in it 's most purest form , has resulted in the wealthiest country in the world . Make no mistake about this either , no one cares for their and the world 's poor better than the U.S.I do feel bad about those individuals in Flint that lost their GM job . What 's great about this country is how determined our people are to rise up and find better lives for themselves and their families . They also have their freedom to do so .
 Michael Moore 's documentary style film , `` Roger and Me '' , intimately addresses the social demise of his hometown , Flint , Michigan , during the 1980 's as a result of General Motor 's automobile plant closing . It was released at a time when the Temporary Staffing industry reigned supreme and labor organization memberships had fallen dramatically . Michael 's chosen film topic could not have hit a more salient nerve for the many who were experiencing the repercussions of manufacturing job migration to foreign countries and the ensuing disintegration of worker rights across the United States.The bulk of the film consists of filmed interviews between Moore and various members of the community which is falling apart after GM closes its doors and leaves many jobless . He films a local sheriff serving eviction notices while commenting to the camera on the solidity of his job security . He films a young women selling rabbits for `` pets or meat '' . The filming continues as Michael , who lets us know that he is finally fed-up , approaches the GM Headquarters building or local country club in pursuit of Roger Smith , GM CEO , who is responsible for the plant shutdown . Of course , the Executive will have nothing to do with Moore and his film . Failed civic revitalization efforts by community leaders and goverment workers , and career change failures by former GM employees are caught on reel . `` Roger and Me '' muses at the upbeat or morbid attempts of those attempting to ward off economic doom and the indifference of a wealthy , elitist society.In my view , this film succeeds in hitting the viewer squarely where it most counts - with emotional impact . It 's not difficult for the average middle to low income American to identify with a message that greed and corruption are synonymous with Corporate identities and thus its most prominent attribute . How many of `` us '' , the masses , understand the workings of the world economy and globalization . How many of `` us '' deeply endeavor to read Rand 's novel `` Atlas Shrugged '' or Chomsky 's `` Understanding Power `` after putting in 8-12 hours of work a day ? `` We '' do feel emotions when see the filming of family , including a small child peering into the camera , while being evicted from their home and then see the CEO responsible for thousands of jobless workers quoting the heart-warming words of Dickens during a business Christmas party speech.Moore fails at providing a balanced view because he does not firmly address the reasons for the GM plant closing . Were labor costs far too high for an aging plant to remain profitable ? Or was Roger Smith simply looking for a way to provide yet another lining in his and the shareholders pockets ? Moore states the latter , but never proves it.There is not a strong coherency between the events in the film and the claims made by Moore . The woman selling rabbits for `` pets or meat '' plainly states in the film that she took up the business to supplement the Social Security Survivor benefits that she receives . The Survivor benefit is received as a result of her husband 's accidental drowning death not job loss at the local plant . But Moore throws this into his anti-GM crusade as evidence of the communities decline and supposes that no one will see the lack of continuity . Further , he does n't miss filming a live rabbit getting clubbed in the head before butchering and apologizes in the DVD commentary for `` accidentally '' filming the event . Yet the film clip was included in the movie ??? The event has to be considered brutal and emotionally charging to those not accustomed to slaughtering their own meat -LRB- or Mafia style murder -RRB- and , of course , anger over the poor bunny 's death will be naturally misdirected at the GM Exec.However , Moore 's film fails in other important measures . The phrasing `` so-called documentary '' is applied to `` Roger and Me '' because many critics have attacked the notion that it , as well as Moore 's other films , fit the film industries universally recognized film-documentary criteria ; criteria that I am not versed on . I am well-versed on the facts surrounding some of the topics that are displayed in Moore 's films , such as U.S. history , welfare reform and poverty , and am alarmed at some of his false statements and shoot-from-the-hip comments he makes . This film is less volatile than his most recent films in that arena , unless watching the film with Michael 's most recently added commentary on the DVD format . Moore 's commentary is standard Left-wing rant.Yet Moore gets away with accolades probably because it appeals to the vast majority of viewers . He appeals to the viewer 's emotions very well and puts us face-to-face with ugliness of poverty and indifference to suffering .
 If you want any of Moore 's titles this is as good as it gets .
 I was born and raised in Flint , Michigan and after watching Roger Moore 's movie `` Roger and Me . '' I have came to the conclusion that ; We must all be like Michael Moore and blame GM management for all of Flint 's poverty and unemployment , It was n't the greed of the of the unions . It was the devil that ruined Flint ; Old white men dressed in huge suits playing the role of the evil alliance while Roger Moore plays a fat sloppily dressed Luke Skywalker cutting down the alliance with his movie camera - light saber . The Auto Unions in Flint got so corrupt to the point you had to be accepted like a mafia Goodfellow to get an auto assembly line position . To become a member and live the highlife work force in Flint during the 80 's - 90 's ; the uneducated shop rat making 35-65 dollars an hour screwing bolts into defective cars . You had to be connected with the `` Union Family '' for such a life . The union 's main job was to keep the auto assembly line jobs running like they did in their hay day of the 70 's , where a line worker could play cards all day on the factory line and take breaks at the local bar across the street during work hours to pound down a 40oz beer and/or enjoy a lap dance from a local stripper . They built fencing around the auto factories with razor wire not to keep robbers out of the factories but to keep the workers out of the bars during working hours.Yes the `` Great Flint Sit-Down Strike '' in 1939 did improve the inhumanin conditions of the auto factory worker only to get abused by the half wited off-spring of the strikers . Flint should not have blowned up Autoworld just because the local poticians where imbarrassed by it , it should stand proud symbolizing the ignorance of the generation that created it.We all need to be hip like Michael Moore and point our fingers of blame in the wrong direction and run off to New York with the money from the exploitation of Flint 's poverty .
 The events of the documentary were rearranged -LRB- not in chronological order -RRB- to make it more condemning . Not a truthful documentary . Avoid !
 Michael Moore takes some facts and makes documentaries in which some small percentage of what he says is true , and mixes that with a huge portion of lies . Does this make the sum of the whole True ? Answer
 what a joke ... people believe the stupidest things ... do some research and you will see that this is a joke . I hated it !
 Good movie , sometimes a little slow , I hardly belive i would see it if I havent see Bowling for columbine and F. 911 , However Michael Moore shows you with comedy and irony how he starts to be the great movie filmer that he becomes .
 I give it a point for an occasional insight into Rust Belt America and the corporations that tighten that belt . However , in general this film is wildly overrated . It is long , tedious , preachy , and just plain dull . You were expecting a comedy ?? Ha . Barely a chuckle or two . Roger & out .
 After watching this film , it moved me enough to do some research on the topics discussed and the film itself . I was shocked to find out that this film was edited and put together completely out of order and sequence in order to give more weight to the items that Mr. Moore felt were more important and suited his agenda . I felt lied to , and if you knew the truth and then watched this `` documentary '' you would as well . A true documentary states the facts and leaves the conclusions up to the viewer . Mr. Moore does not trust us with the truth especially if it seems it does not fit his agenda . Do not waste your time , there are many better films if you want to see fiction .
 This is not a documentary , any more than the 1930s works of Leni Riefenstahl were documentaries . It is cleverly manipulated , cleverly-designed socialist propaganda by one of the biggest blowhards in the film industry.Yes , Flint MI was hit hard by layoffs . So were a number of other rust belt towns -LRB- including my hometown -RRB- . But if this was a true documentary , Mr. Moore might have examined some of the reasons for plant closures other than the greed of General Motors . Had he the courage to dig beneath the surface , he might have discovered greed of a different sort - e.g. that of the UAW top guns who dictated horrendously stupid , inflexible work rules.Also lacking is any discussion of greed at the government level , which taxes corporations to death . I guess when your objective is to uphold paternalistic government , you tend to cherry pick history to support that view , and that 's what Mr. Moore has done here . Not fun .
 you 'll love this one ! Michael Moore has a few good points in this movie , but he never mentions , say , GM 's legal obligation to the stockholders to maximize shareholder value . Basically the `` documentary '' is more centered around his upset feelings at how the world works , making it long , drawn out , and fairly boring .
 the acting was really bad . that plot was not believable . i was very unimpressed .
 What exactly was the purpose of this movie ? Was it trying to help the poor working class of Flint ? If Americans are going to be pro-proletariat I do n't see why such antipathy for communism . So what if the pitiful slave rebellion succeeded ? In the godless ephemerality of human life wether they all perish or continue to contaminate planet earth - what does it matter ? If you gave in to be an american machinistic slave of a job , you might as well expect to be treated like a slave . What is wrong with Roger Smith ? A cunning ingenious businessman if you ask me . The sarcasm , though I usually receive sarcasm well , was vomit-inducing . Stories with morals never fare well , and it is for humans like Moore that I wish hell existed ; but alas it does not . Rebel - a mindless american romantic loose term pertaining to muckrakers . Who 's concern is it about Moore , Flint , and muckrakers ? A torturous classroom experience .
 If only Mikey would have concentrated on relieving the burdens on our corporations so it would be profitable to hire workers . Frankly , I do n't know what he 's bitching about , the unionized `` workers '' of Flint were always unemployed , just now they 're not getting paid for doing nothing .
 This piece of junk will make you fall asleep within 10 minutes . Thank your lucky star if you do
 When I saw this movie the first time , I was in a fine mood , with two lovely girls , and I thought it was one of the most hilarious things I 'd seen in my life . A few months later , I had just graduated from university , felt lost in the real world , was in a particularly bad mood , so I thought that I 'd watch it again , to cheer myself . It was one of the most heart-wrenchingly depressing movies I 'd ever seen . When the Flint authorities announced that they were sinking their last few million into `` Auto World '' I almost burst into tears . Any work that has such potential to provoke such disparate emotional reactions IN THE SAME VIEWER is noteworthy.However , throughout both viewings , I kept thinking to myself , `` Yeah , it 's sad that these people will be out of work , but what the hell does Moore want GM to do ? Continue operating the Flint plant and hemorraging money , thus destroying not only the livelihoods of Flint residents , but also jeapordizing the lives of GM employees nationally ? '' The notion that an enterprise can give up all operational considerations save that of job security is just a ridiculous idea to which not even Marx himself would subscribe . The whole thing just seemed like a humorous exercise in class envy , wealth-coveting , and sour grapes.He then competently proceeds to completely drain any sympathy we might have developed for the residents of Flint , making both the rich and poor seem like pathetic dolts with not a brain in their collective head . I actually began to WANT Flint to fail because the citizens were portrayed as being so creepy and contemptible . I highly doubt that I was left with an accurate impression of this beleaguered city.Anyway , I thought it was cowardly of Roger Smith to not grant the interview . He should have sat the obviously-not-missing-any-meals Moore down and unflinchingly explained to him why it was unfeasible to continue operations in Flint . Had he done so , he would have been the hero of the film . Or perhaps there would have been no film .
 Director Siu-Tung Ching is probably better known as action choreographer -LRB- of ` Hero ' and ` House of Flying Daggeres ' -RRB- than film director on his own -LRB- ` Chinese Ghost Stories ' series -RRB- . He is good at handling martial arts fighting , especially when the fighters are ladies , and I imagine he thought of ` Naked Weapon ' as a good chance to show his skills -- no matter what it costs.DON ' T look for any coherent story here . The film starts with a premise which looks like a rip-off of Japanese film ` Battle Royale . ' Little girls are collected from all over the world , and trained to be invincible warriors , or assassins , under the guidance of ruthless leader ` Madame M. ' Only the fittest can survive , including Charlene -LRB- Maggie Q -RRB- and Katt -LRB- Anya -RRB- after the various ` tests ' which I am afraid are too unbelievable or downright nasty . Some may call it ` male fantasy . ' Whatever it is , that 's director 's vision , which he seems to savor.The latter half changes its tone , looking more like a rip-off of ` Chalies 's Angels ' without silly humor . A CIA agent Daniel Wu -LRB- seen in Jackie Chan 's ` Around the World in 80 Days ' -RRB- is involved as Charlene 's love interest , and things get more violent when Charlene 's mother -LRB- Cheng Pei Pei , seen in ` Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon ' as Jade Fox -RRB- and Japanese mafia -LRB- or yakuza , if you like -RRB- enter the story . You see , the plot is so inconsistent.Let 's see the actions of the film , which are not bad , but still OK at best . Compared with other Hong-Kong action flicks like ` So Close , ' they look very inferior with too much use of stunts , or fast-forwards or slow-motions , which are clearly trying to hide the fact that the ladies can pose , but not fight . If I am not mistaken , the girls in ` So Close ' are seen really kicking and punching.Instead , you see lots of images of leading ladies in T-shirts or very scanty clothes . Perhaps boys would enjoy it -LRB- and yes , I did , I confess -RRB- , but contrary to its title , the ` naked ' scenes -LRB- I mean , nudity -RRB- is very brief , so guys , do n't expect too much from the film , which is at best ` Half-Naked Weapons . ` If you like to see a Hong-kong actioner featuring the good-looking ladies doing martial arts , see ` So Close . ' If you have seen that , and have some extra time and money , you may try this one ... just do n't trust the title , though .
 If you know what to expect from this silly film , namely , almost no naked girls , extremely idiotic dialogs , a flunking script , and flunking acting , you might just enjoy it . It did remind me of Charlie 's Angels , esp . in style , but I found it much less entertaining and enjoyable than the silly-but-cool Charlie 's Angels.Thirty minutes into the film , one of the orphan girls opines `` This is total BS . It was BS from day one . '' This pretty much sums up the film , which proves that attractive and fairly talented actors or actresses do n't necessarily know how to act , esp . when the script is a total joke .
 I was very eager to watch this movie when i saw it at the local video store . The cover art was really the biggest draw , and this finally taught me never to judge a book -LCB- or dvd -RCB- by its cover . I finally got the chance to watch it and it started promisingly enough . A sexy female assasin dispatches her target and the authorities attempt to close in on her boss , Madame M.Pretty interesting , and only because there is minimal talking from the actors . Things go downhill when the actors begin to speak , and this is when i knew this movie was going to be hard to sit through . The acting in this film is laughable . None of the characters are believable , and any sympathy the viewer feels for the girls will disappear when it becomes apparent they cant act.Not only is the acting deplorable , but the actual story is lame . It makes no sense why an assasination firm would want just one assasin when they could have an army . The Battle Royale aspect of the film has been done ALOT better by other films . When Madame M states the rules to the fight to the death in the cage and then later says she is going to break her own rules , i started laughing , and i stopped watching this movie when the rape scene came on , it was pathetic . The hot women in this film dont make it a good one . So my final recommendation is to steer clear from this movie , and if you still want to watch it , dont pay for it .
 When does a trashy movie stop being fun and start being repulsive ? I 've been asking myself this question ever since I saw Ching Siu-Tung 's `` Naked Weapon '' -LRB- 2002 -RRB- . Ching is one of my favorite action directors . His credits include the underrated gem `` The Terra-Cotta Warrior '' -LRB- 1989 -RRB- and better-known actioners like `` The East Is Red '' -LRB- 1993 -RRB- . He also provided the fight choreography for several of Tsui Hark 's films and Zhang Yimou 's two high-profile martial-arts movies . So , seeing Ching 's name on the credits of `` Naked Weapon '' instantly told me that the film would be a quality product . But I was not only disappointed -- I was revolted.Now , I do n't automatically fault a film for being a bit on the junky side . Cult cinema certainly has its place , and so-called `` trash '' aesthetics can have their own positive properties that are as intriguing as the more `` respectable '' ones employed by more prestigious films . So , just because some filmmakers might not take their subject matter seriously , or just because they might revel in the artificiality of their medium , that is not reason enough to condemn a movie . Films that utilize trash aesthetics include many of John Waters ' intriguing works and several enjoyable romps from Hong Kong like Luk Kim-Ming 's `` Robotrix '' -LRB- 1993 -RRB- . But `` Naked Weapon '' crossed the line from trashy action movie to something more disturbing . Perhaps we 're not supposed to take the film 's premise -- a secret Darwinian `` school '' for female assassins where the pupils must kill each other to `` graduate '' -- at face value , but the subject is viewed with a solemnly straight face , not with a cartoonish or ironic distance . Coupled with Ching 's fierce fight choreography , the bloody , nerve-racking events faced by the main character , Charlene -LRB- Maggie Q -RRB- , are harrowing in an unpleasant way . Like other films I detest -- such as Masaru Konuma 's `` Wife to Be Sacrificed '' -LRB- 1974 -RRB- or Pier Paolo Pasolini 's `` Sal&ograve; '' -LRB- 1975 -RRB- -- `` Naked Weapon '' seems to encourage its audience to take sadistic delight in its lead character 's misfortunes.This unsettling element reaches its pinnacle mid-way in the film when the `` school 's '' cold-blooded leader , Madame M -LRB- Almen Wong -RRB- , drugs her surviving graduates -LRB- presumably virgins -RRB- and has them raped by her male guards . The scene is utterly gratuitous , and its gut-wrenching realism erases any ability to view the moment simply as a make-believe fiction . The `` making of '' documentary that is included on `` Naked Weapon 's '' DVD interviews Maggie Q and the other actresses after the rape scene was shot , and the women seem somewhat traumatized by the experience . Why would a director want to put his actresses through such an ordeal ? For what purpose ? Furthermore , I would submit that the scene wants the viewer to identify with the rapists , rather than the women being raped.Now , let me be clear
 In this English-language Hong Kong knock-off of `` Charlie 's Angels '' -- ok , here it 's Madam M 's `` angels '' -- three orphaned girls survive the sadistic training of one ugly woman to become the world 's top assassins known collectively as China Dolls . In the end , only one will really survive to find her true love in the form of a totally dumb CIA operative.This movie is just tremendously horrible , a total POS . There 's a lot of copycat stuff from the trio of female assassins to bullet-time slow motion to acrobatic and aerobatic kung-fu fights . There is no acting , no script , no substance , and not even much female nudity despite the tantalizing title . -LRB- For your reference , nude scenes appear no more than 5 seconds added together . -RRB- I was actually bored by this movie from start to finish , and ended up fast-forwarding through much of it . I had picked it up -LRB- at Blockbuster -RRB- thinking it would be an entertaining mindless kung-fu movie with attractive ladies , but , even though the actresses are somewhat attractive -LRB- more so than the new Charlie 's Angels ? -RRB- , the whole thing just does n't add up to much of a viewing experience at all . Especially , the lack of sexiness totally let me down . I should have saved my five bucks.A total POS that 's a total waste of time . One of the worst movies of all time .
 This is one of the worst movie I have seen lately . The only good thing about this movie is some of the fighting sequences . The lead actress -LRB- Maggie Q -RRB- is beautiful , but she and the rest of the cast ca n't certainly not help the bad movie script from the director . The story does n't make any sense . Everything is so illogic . My friends and I had a good laugh at this movie but seriously , it 's really a bad movie overall.If you are looking for a great Hong Kong/China/Asian movie , I will recommend these instead
 I do n't know if this movie was intended to be funny but it was . The lines are so corny and the acting was truly weakSPOILERS - -LRB- if u can consider them that , becuz the movie is very predictable -RRB- What was up with the cop trying to hit on Maggie Q while her mom was dying ?! He had time to pull out his business card and everything ! and why was he walking when he had a car ?! and Jewel Lee ???!!! how did she die from some glass ??? I thought she was the crazy one that could take pain ?! If you thought So Close was fake . . do n't watch this one . it 'll have u rolling !!
 I bought the first Class of nuke em high , by itself . It was one of the funniest movies Troma has made . It 's so blatantly from the 80 's it makes it great , some decent Troma gore thrown in , and hilarious characters . It is a movie that for the most part you can follow and is well put together . That said , I bought the trilogy as a way to get the other 2 together , thinking they would be at least as good . Wrong . I watched the second one and instantly you can tell the difference , if you own the first one and are contemplating getting this because you liked the first , do n't bother . They are 2 entirely different types of movies , seriously . The second movie has a bunch of quirky music , stupid slapstick-style humor -LRB- people getting hit and a sound effect going `` bonk '' etc. -RRB- Barely any gore worth mentioning or being funny for that matter . The plot is impossible to follow as things keep switching pace and the story is really pathetic to begin with . The acting is terrible and I do n't mean that in a good way , I was falling asleep watching it . The third movie however ... is just the same . I watched 20 minutes into it and then after seeing it was almost the same movie -LRB- same basic plot except a little further ahead in time -RRB- I fastforwarded through the rest of the movie looking for anything decent -LRB- something may be there that I missed -RRB- but overall I could find nothing worthy of noting . So , buy the first one -LRB- it 's so 80 's that , that fact alone makes the movie -RRB- , the rest I could n't be paid to watch again .
 Class of Nuke 'Em High part 1 is OK -LRB- it IS a classic in gore movies -RRB- . Part 2 and part 3 shouldnt even EXIST!It ai n't like the serie Evil Dead . . the first one is the only one you need to buy . . the 2 others ai n't worth the money spent to create those crappy movies.On the + side
 This video was great back in the 80 's and its still not bad now but i urge anyone who has seen the 1st one not to buy the others because they are utter rubbish and who ever made them should be killed .
 This movie appears to have been made in someone 's basement with poor scenery , poor acting , no plot of any substance . It is in fact a nightmare of a child 's fairytale . I had expected fiction . I had hoped for period costumes and a plausible plot . But this movie is just silly and cheap .
 This movie appears to have been made in someone 's basement with poor scenery , poor acting , no plot of any substance . It is in fact a nightmare of a child 's fairytale . I had expected fiction . I had hoped for period costumes and a plausible plot . But this movie is just silly and cheap .
 Saw first 30 minutes waiting for this movie to take off with some excitement , drama or comedy . . Not wasting 2 hours on this
 The narration is ponderous , dull and lifeless . Missing is any discussion of the debates of the meaning of Jesus ' life and mission that must have been alive at the time . What issues did Paul face and how did his writings and teachings attempt to resolve them ? What pressures did he face from the Romans , the Jewish hierachy and ordinary people who had different understandings of Jesus ? None of this is discussed in the depth required to understand the origins of Christianity .
 Fatuous , sentimental . Could n't finish it because of those characteristics . Even for free it would be a rip off . Why should I have to say more ?
 the title says it all . informative , but it did n't keep all of my attention through it all . other films are better
 This movie is nothing more than a set up to drive people to buy their courses in the Internet . Like `` The Secret '' , `` Rich Daddy , Poor Daddy '' and so on , this is all about making the authors rich . If you think this movie will teach you anything about card counting , you are totally wrong . I hate myself for watching this movie in its entirety . It should be called `` Holy Crooks ''
 Could have been a decent movie , and probabley would only be interesting IF the viewer is a evangelical christian . Other than that , a large part of the movie was taken up by showing the `` emotional issues '' christians were having gambling and being in a casino to begin with . In my view there is some serious contridictions in what their doing and what they profess to believe . But I am basicaly interested in card counting and not interested in watching a bunch of confused christian nuts having issues with what they were doing . -LRB- obviously greed -RRB- One interesting part was when a non-christian was admitted to the team and one of the hardcore team member nutjobs , heard God `` talking to him '' and told all the other christans that `` God told him this non-christian was stealing money '' and the rest of them , including the leaders kicked him off the team without any proof whatsoever that the poor guy did anything wrong outside of not being a born again chrisitan . Really made the team look SUPER LAME . The team leaders , Ben and Colin were not impressive and lost control of their team , what was going on , and how weak the `` counters '' on the team actually were and begin relying on prayer and chrisitianity to get thier problems fixed ... All in all , for the person with a serious interest in card counting , the movie is a complete and total waste of time . Glad I only rented it .
 Ted D. plays the lead in this movie instead of John Cena and that was a mistake . Ted did n't come off as being tough enough . You know when you watch an action movie and you get that sense that the hero in the movie is going to kick butt and mess up the bad guys . I never really got that feeling from Ted ; he came off as a guy with an adorable smile . He just did n't have that dangerous vibe that a one-man hero need 's . Even John Cena came off as being more tougher than him . Ted was playing a experinced Marine in this movie , but he came off as being a guy who just joined the marines rather than an experienced Marine . He just was n't believable as The Marine 2 and WWE could have casted this movie better . It 's an okay movie , but there are no highs . It 's just below average the whole movie .
 DiBiase is a very good charismatic wrestler . As an actor , I would say that he can compare with any carboard figure in the world and come out losing . And he does n't know how to fight . In fact , any ten year-old karate student from the school across the street can not only teach him a lot but also beat the crap out of him . Why did n't they let him wrestle the bad guys rather than throwing girl scout punches?In this movie he has to fight some Thai experts who beat him in a most disgusting way and , at the end , had him win . It 's ludicrous.Among other annoying flaws of this movie
 I wo n't go into the plot - as that has been discussed in other reviews . I rented this movie because I am a WWE fan , and I loved the John Cena Marine movie . Well ... . this movie was not as good as I hoped it would be I give it a 2 1/2 star -- for it was ok . The scenery was good , the movie had action in it but I thought the plot could have been a bit better , and the movie not so slow-going in spots . The casting was good -- I liked Ted D. in the movie , and I really liked the charter boat guide .
 This movie was an absolute train wreck . I was n't expecting anything great seeing as it was movie starring a WWE star and it was straight to DVD , but I thought I 'd get at least a decent action flick . I rented it off netflix and quickly learned I was wrong . Dibiase -LRB- along with everyone else in the movie -RRB- ca n't act to save their lives . It 's not believable that Ted is a Marine -LRB- or a part of any armed forces for that matter -RRB- . The plot was even weaker than the first . The action is mediocre at best . About halfway through the movie the disc skipped a bit and the audio went out of sync with the picture making it seem like a bad Godzilla movie . That was the most entertaining part of watching this abortion . Do n't waste your time or money .
 to me near the end the action was good but for me first 10 minutes and last 20 minutes wer good but about 45 minutes of the movie it was at night time and its horrible trying tow atch who 's shooting who and such in the middle of the night , i thought part one 's plot was easier to fallow , yet this plot is stuff that probaly goes on over seas but deep down i was disapointed . it had its moments but i was disapointed john cena 's version was better to me as far fetched as that one was , to me it was still better than this one
 By the time the opening credits had finished rolling I had a pretty good idea that this movie would be a dissapointment . If you are incredibly naive and completely unfamiliar with combat tactics , incursion or recon manuevers , and plain common sense - - then you might find this movie entertaining . For most viewers this will be an insult to their intelligence . I 'm no jarhead or ex-military but this director is a flat out idiot . Next time get some technical advisors for God 's sake ! Ten minutes of reviewing Internet clips from war torn areas of the world would give the lay person a better sense of combat realism than this director was able to muster up . What a bufoon ! Do n't waste your time watching this garbage .
 This piece was terrible ! From beginning to end , it was terrible . I 'm a Noah 's Arc fan , and the acting was n't always the best in that production , but this is something that should have been left in a diary somewhere . Putting this on film was a big mistake , and whoever did this should have gotten better advice before pursuing an actual production of it . The acting left much to be desired , the continuity was nonsensical and inconsistent . The lead character can not get past anything , and his entire role is entrapped inside of a ball of insecurities , ignorance , stupidity and the most extreme extent of low self-esteem ; not to mention laziness and self-loathing . The female supporting actress has a role that 's completely filled with ignorance and screaming . All she does is yell , she 's conceited and throwing adolescent tantrums when she does n't get her way seems to be a constant throughout the film . I bought this film because I thought it would be a nice story and anticipated at least decent acting . Now that I 've purchased and seen it , I realize that this entire movie was a mistake and should have never been released . I can not even give this film to anyone as a gift because that would be a travesty . I do not recommend purchasing this film , at all .
 Seriously do n't get this DVD ; it is really bad . The acting , the editing , and the script are all terrible . I made the mistake of buying this and the sequel and forced myself to sit through both but then tossed them . Really not good .
 This movie was horrible from beginning to end I only watched after the first few minutes to see if it would get better no such luck Dont waste your money folks , I did . The campiness and queenieness and the loud mouth female character are over the top . The main character is weird . I kept asking myself , Who would take the time to make something so awful !
 I applaud that there seems to be an effort to fill the void for black gay cinema , but seriously , ca n't these directors/writes suggest reading the script , rehearsing first , and provide a better quality script?I honestly do n't know people like Fabian in real life , and his constant whining got on my nerves . I thought the standouts were the actors portraying Lonnie , who seemed to be comfortable in his role , as well as Ameera , whose tell-it-like-it-is persona is very reminiscent of a real-life girlfriend.The lighting was inconsistent . I thought the storyline was going to fall under the weight of the lead actor 's overacting/reacting ... Add this to your collection , but it 's no The DL Chronicles , The Ski Trip , or Noah 's Arc ...
 My partner and I bought this movie because we thought it would be a great movie to watch on date night . Boy were we wrong . At first we thought that it was just bad acting but then we realized it was bad acting AND bad writing . Whoever gave this more than 1 star must be friends of the actors or also thought that Soul Plane was a great movie as well.The characters were undeveloped . The storyline was horrible . The only good part was the sex scene.We 've decided to use this movie as a glass coaster . That 's all its good for .
 I honestly never thought black gay acting could get any worse than `` Noah 's Arc ... '' I stand corrected.It was as if the casting call was for : `` Anyone interested in a role in an independent movie * NO PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE NECESSARY * -LRB- just come audition ya 'll -RRB- `` The overall flow from scene to scene was erratic . The writing has a lot of room for growth . & it even seemed as though the whole movie was shot in ONE take ... `` ya 'll better get this scene right the first time , no do-overs . `` But , I give it 2 stars for originality & for being such a bold effort . I could never sit through watching it again but , the writer definitely has potential ... I think he just needs a budget .
 no so much for me it jut felt a lil dry for me I kept waiting for something anything but nothing captured me
 No ... just no . This is what happens when someone receives a new camera for Christmas and believes they can make a movie . This film was flawed from beginning to end . Just because the production budget is low does n't mean the acting has to be so subpar . I could barely find the message behind this travesty due to characters -LRB- the main one -RRB- just butchering the delivery of scenes . Seriously though , let the kid take some acting classes besides those in his high school drama class and try again.I 'll admit , most shows/movies targeted towards black gay men are n't exactly blockbuster hits -LRB- i.e. , Noah 's Arc -RRB- , but at least that series got somewhat progressively better . This train wreck should have never been produced . It 's so terrible that they 've been relegated to making episodes with a camcorder and posting them via YouTube . I suggest searching there and watching as much as you can stomach as opposed to wasting money and time on the film . Definitely do not recommend .
 `` Finding me '' is a film for people , who look for handsome bodies with cute faces . And nothing more than that.Even if the storyline is n't dull , the way its told is boring . Some of the scenes could have been cut out . The lead character is sooooo damn irritating I really had to stop myself from pressing the `` stop '' button before the end.Fortunately , there are many better `` coming-to-terms-with-own-sexuality '' films available , so rent this one before you decide to buy it .
 This film started out with some great moments , such as the young Jewish boy 's first encounter with lunchmeat on white bread at the home of a gentile friend -- served with MILK yet ! -LRB- For non-Jews reading this , the kosher laws forbid serving meat and milk at the same meal -- it just does n't happen in Jewish cuisine . -RRB- And I loved his parents ' shocked reaction when , in a creative stroke of adolescent rebellion , he dresses up as Adolf Hitler for a Halloween party . But I soon became bored with this attempt to do a Jewish version of American Graffiti -LRB- if that 's what it was ... -RRB- After 45 minutes of trying to find a plot that went beyond drooling over girls who were forbidden fruit , I finally gave up.My impression is , that this film was a disconnected series of nostalgic vignettes from Levinson 's childhood , strung together on a weak thread about how hard it was to be Jewish in the 1950s . Problem is , I already KNOW it was hard to be Jewish in the 50s -- so what else is new ? Although the acting was good and the characters were sometimes interesting , the script itself did n't hang together . The subplot about the father 's burlesque show and the numbers game served no real purpose in the story except to give an excuse to have a stripper strut her stuff every other scene change . Or was this a broad hint that the scenes were like vaudeville acts , each entertaining in itself , but only loosely related to the rest of the show ? Whatever Levinson 's intent , this movie just did not cut it for me .
 This was a very disappointing movie . Barry Levinson 's record on Baltimore-based movies has been excellent
 If there is one subject the reflective , autobiographically-inclined filmmaker seems to obsess about above all others , it is the glorious innocence of his own childhood . This seems to be doubly the case when that upbringing has taken place in a heavily ethnic family and neighborhood filled with intergenerational and societal conflicts . With Barry Levinson , of course , the scene is the Jewish section of Baltimore known as Liberty Heights at a time - 1954 - in which the old standards of segregation and unquestioning devotion to tradition were beginning to crumble in the face of an up-and-coming generation of freethinking youths . The youths in this case are two brothers in their late teens , sons of a local burlesque theater proprietor and local numbers runner , who face down anti-Semitism as they flirt with interracial and cross-cultural dating . ` Liberty Heights ' is a perfectly decent little film , well acted , relaxed in its pacing and admirably lacking in obvious melodramatics . Its portrayal of interracial tensions - paradoxically , between two equally despised and mistreated minorities , Jews and blacks - is surprisingly restrained and subtle . Thanks , too , to understated performances from a first-rate cast -LRB- Adrien Brody , Bebe Neuwirth , Joe Mantegna -RRB- and an air of casual believability in its screenplay , the film does relatively well by itself . Most admirably of all , the movie does not overstate the villainous qualities of its ` bad guys , ' and by so doing , manages to see the subtle shadings of virtues and faults that lie in each of us.However , all this niceness comes with a price . With so little in the way of genuine conflict , the film seems to wander a bit aimlessly for much of its running time . For one thing , the relationship between the father and his two sons remains strangely sketchy , possibly because they share very little screen time together . We never sense the reality of the bond that so obviously exists between them , so much so , that , when the father is finally caught and sent off to prison , we have no way to fairly register the feelings or reactions of the boys . Not only does this incident seem to leave no mark on their emotions , it provides no sense of how it colors their perceptions of their father 's moral character.The unfortunate fact is that this material has simply been played out now by the umpteen similar films which have come before it . What are needed at this late date are some fresh insights to help breathe some new life into the formula . These Levinson , as both writer and director , simply fails to provide . We watch with cool detachment as the scenes play themselves out in predictable and uninspiring fashion . Perhaps it is time for filmmakers as a whole to move on past thinking that their every childhood memory should serve as fodder for the audience 's edification . Unfortunately , for ` Liberty Heights , ' fine as it is at times , we discover we much prefer our own childhood experiences to theirs . ** 1/2
 This move it just terrible . I mean really raunchy bad . Save your eyes , save your soul , DO NOT watch this terrible movie . It has no plot , no point , only teen sex , teen sex , teen sex ... Over and over again . The only people who would enjoy this movie are desperate teen boys who have no life and ca n't get a girlfriend.Again , Save your soul , DO NOT watch this terrible movie !
 This movie is trying to mock spiderman . Its trying hard to be funny , but it simply ca n't . Full of Repetitive jokes!Very Predictable!Quite Silly , and not the kind of funny silliness.Total failure to mock a great movie such as SpidermanIt thought it could be successful by mocking Spiderman the same way Scary Movie did with Scream , but there is no comparison what so ever between the two.I do n't remember laughing or even smiling while watching the movie .
 It 's always weird to review a movie like this which claims to be a spoof but does n't really creatively spoof the actual genre it mocks . This has become a big problem with the recent spate of movies in this genre and only seems to be getting worse . One thing these movies keep doing is just doing an imitation of a scene from a famous movie in the genre they 're making fun of . That problem continues here and to be honest that 's not good writing . It 's just lazy . If these folks are n't going to spend the time writing some insightfully funny about this why even bother?Just re-watch the movies this is making fun of , you 'll have a better time . And if you want to read an interesting new take on the superhero genre , check out BABY MONSTERS at -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The idea of making fun of super heroes like Spiderman , etc is interesting but the execution of this film is bad . There are a few laughing scenes at the beginning . After 15 minutes , it 's very boring because the jokes are repetitive.What a waste of time and money .
 Sometimes it 's a single word
 What a waste of time . The Scary movie 's were great , but this one just sucks . The first 10 mins are funny then the movie stinks except for a few comic reliefs but comedy master Leslie Neilson . Neilson is the only saving factor in this film , and even he , the lord of laughs can not keep this stinker afloat . Waste of time , fast forward to the Leslie Neilson parts , other the that pass .
 The people who created this film knew nothing about comic books . It had no funny fan-boy references . It was primarily just a snoozer of a spoof of the 1st -LRB- of the Toby Mcguire -RRB- Spider-Man films.The dvd cover was misleading -- For you thought that maybe the `` heroes '' pictured were gon na work together in a story . But , they did n't . Much of the humor was just blah , schoolyard garbage -- mostly what you see today on tv in the likes of shows such as 2 Broke Girls -LRB- which is junk -RRB- . This was disappointing for me , for this flick was make by the same poeple who did the `` Scarey Movie '' films-Which I found were all funny and featured many elements from various horror flicks . `` Super Hero Movie '' seemed to have like 5 second cameo-spoofs of other comic heroes.This movie was obviously written by typical , lame Hollywood writers who do n't have a clue about comics nor the films made of them . I can count on one hand how many times I may have laughed during this 75 minutes of comedy-boredom . Skip this and search for YOUTUBE comic book satires like `` I 'm a Marvel , I 'm a DC '' -- Those less than 5 minutes spoofs will have you laughing 10 times more than you ever will watching the trainwreck of Hollywood `` comedy '' junk !
 Having ` basically ' gotten a free copy of this , I decided to go ahead and check it out . I had seriously doubted I would laugh at all in this movie since these movies have been going from good to really bad as quick as a snowball down a snowy hill . I like Scary Movie 1 and 2 . But 3 and 4 were bad . Meet the Spartans was bad . I did n't even watch Epic Movie or Date Movie . But Superhero Movie ... well ... it just might surprise you.The movie basically spoofs Spidey with tidbits of other movies like Batman and X-Men thrown in . Do n't let the box art fool you guys . Everyone on the front of the box is in the movie for maybe 5 - 30 seconds with the exception of the Dragonfly . Wolverine 's whole part was him shaving his legs with his claws while smoking a cigar ... lame . Prof X was in the movie for a few scenes , but it really was just thrown in to get laughs in my opinion . Pam Anderson was in there for maybe a good 30 seconds . Ah well . The movie revolves around Rick Riker -LRB- or you could say Peter Parker -RRB- who becomes bitten by a radioactive dragonfly . And instead of Green Goblin being his arch-nemesis we have Hourglass played really well by Christopher Donald -LRB- I always like that guy for some reason -RRB- . And , in my opinion , Hourglass is a lot cooler , movie wise at least , than the Green Goblin . Hourglass sucks the life force out of people so he can stay alive . The bodies on screen actually look like all the juices and matter were sucked from their insides until there just a prune of what they once were . So basically if you 've seen Spidey then you know what 's going on here . Good vs. Evil.The thing about this movie though is they throw in some little twists to the story . Some to make you laugh -LRB- or try to -RRB- and some just to make the story a little different . The story itself is n't really that bad . If it was n't for the goofiness and the forced humor , and of course the carbon copy script of Spider Man , then this movie might have been able to stand on its own.Now for the funny parts . I do n't see how the writers can go from one extreme to the other like they do and expect laughs . Some scenes seem like they were written for 8 year olds to laugh at while some scenes would have you dive bombing your child with ` ear muffs ' . In my opinion , I have a pretty good range of humor . I laugh at Kevin Smith stuff , Will Ferrell stuff , and then even stuff that 's in Wes Anderson movies such as Royal Tenabaums and Rushmore . I 'm everywhere . So saying that , I did laugh more than I expected in this movie . Leslie Nielson had 2 of the best parts in my opinion that involve a nail gun and then a punch . It was back to back and I just did n't expect it and it made me laugh pretty good . But , like most of the recent stuff these writers and directors have done , most of the comedy is too forced and just incredibly dumb . For instance , they have Johnny Storm freak out cause he 's on fire . Seriously ? He says , `` Watch what I can do '' then says `` FLAME ON ! '' Then looks at his body and says , `` OH MY GOD I 'M ON FIRE ! HELP ME ! '' and stops and drops and probably rolls . I 'm not sure since I was rolling my eyes . That 's the kind of stuff that took this movie from being decent to ` eh ' . In the end I would say , if there is nothing else to rent , give this a try . Or if you 're just a big fan of the Superhero movies , like I am , then just say to heck with it and rent it . It almost feels like a big `` WHAT IF ? '' comic . Almost .
 Remember , like , in elementary school when someone farted ? And it was really funny ? Do you also think it 's hilarious when someone gets hurt , like getting bonked on the head ? Over and over ? Well , then , you 'll appreciate this movie . Otherwise , you might be out of luck . `` Superhero Movie '' is much better than the earlier `` movie '' parodies by the same people , but unfortunately , not that much better . Drake Bell is appealing as the Peter Parker-type teen who gets bit by a dragonfly and develops superpowers . Other cast members , including Leslie Nielson and Sara Paxton as the love interest -LRB- mugging like Kirsten Dunst -RRB- do a good job , too , but they ca n't make such a lame script funny . Unless of course , you find flatulence really funny . There 's lots of farting in this movie . And a few small clever bits , but they are few and far between . These movies are like the Y2K equivalent of Tom Green movies , you ca n't figure out why they keep getting made . Oh well , maybe they appeal to somebody .
 i hated this movie i saw it in theaters years ago when i was still working at my local movie theater this movie did not even make me lol this is one of the worst spoof movies ever made !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I WAS NOT HAPPY WITH THIS MOVIE AT ALL . IT WAS AS FUNNY AS THE COMMERCIALS MADE IT SEEM TO BE .
 An ordinary high school boy is bitten by a genetically-altered insect and discovers his new ability . He becomes a superhero and saves the world . The story of Peter Parker aka Spider-man serves as a template for this parody -LRB- where Drake Bell plays `` Rick Riker '' or `` The Dragonfly '' -RRB- though the film occasionally pokes fun at some other films of the genre such as `` X-Men . '' `` Superhero Movies '' -LRB- co-produced by David Zucker -RRB- , it is certain , has some potential , with supporting actors including Leslie Nielsen , but it simply needs more -LRB- funnier -RRB- jokes . Though some of the gags are mildly amusing , most jokes are lame and even predictable , something you have seen in other better comedies Leslie Nielsen was doing back in the 80s and 90s . Actually most jokes have nothing to do with the concept or ideas of the superhero genre . The film heavily relies on the typical jokes -LRB- toilet jokes , celebrity lookalikes , etc. -RRB- while it misses chances to subvert the accepted rules of superhero movies . Some slapstick jokes in `` Superhero Movies '' are fun , but the film 's tendency of overusing them soon gets us bored.The film is directed by Craig Mazin , director of `` The Specials '' -LRB- 2000 -RRB- and co-writer of `` Scary Movie 3 '' and `` Scary Movie 4 . '' The supporting actors include Sara Paxton , Brent Spiner and Christopher McDonald . Also , Pamela Anderson , Craig Bierko , Tracy Morgan and Regina Hall appear as cameo in the brief `` X-Men '' segment.Certainly this is better than Jason Friedberg/Aaron Seltzer-directed `` Disaster Movie '' or `` Epic Movie . '' Still I was disappointed with `` superhero Movie , '' mostly unfunny comedy even Leslie Nielsen could n't save .
 ** 1/2The `` movie-genre parody '' is often the option of last resort for Hollywood screenwriters who ` ve run out of inspiration . Having already skewered such popular genres as the disaster movie , the sword-and-sandal epic , romantic comedies , horror films , spy thrillers , crime dramas etc. , they now take aim at the `` superhero movie , '' with a flick ingeniously entitled - yea , you guessed it - `` Superhero Movie . `` In a time span of eighty-minutes that feels more like eight hundred , `` Superhero Movie '' lumbers from one unfunny joke and sight gag to another , barely taking time out for such apparently dispensable elements as originality or wit . However , in all fairness , one should at least note that writer/director Craig Mazin saves most of his best material - such as it is - for the last half hour.Drake Bell is the Peter Parker to Sara Paxton 's Mary Jane Watson in what is essentially a flatfooted parody of the `` Spiderman '' franchise , with the nerdy high school student in this case being bitten by a genetically-engineered dragonfly , turning him into the crime-fighting figure known as - what else ? - The Dragonfly . The movie also makes the occasional obligatory nod to other comic book adaptations such as `` Iron Man , '' `` X-Men '' and `` Batman Begins , '' but , since it was released before `` The Dark Knight , '' there is no reference to that landmark work - or to its iconic Joker character - in this film , a real lost opportunity.We 've indeed come a long way from the glory days of `` Airplane '' -LRB- a fact further emphasized by the presence here of David Zucker as co-producer and Leslie Nielson as one of the movie 's co-stars -RRB- , but `` Superhero Movie '' is substandard even by `` Epic Movie/Date Movie '' standards .
 In a decade that has been thriving on the production of spoofs of recent films and re-makes of throwback retro television it is not surprising that the boys that brought you Scary Movie are back at it again with another farce that is low on laughs but heavy on pop-culture references and product placement.Superhero Movie makes it 's way through a storyline that is almost identical to that of Spider-Man -LRB- 2002 -RRB- from getting bitten by a bug -LRB- this time a engineered dragonfly replaces the spider -RRB- , to becoming a wall crawling superhero , to falling in love with his dream-girl neighbor , to fighting off an evil scientist -LRB- Christopher McDonald -RRB- whose superpower is actually somewhat interesting . With these plot elements in place one might believe that the trap is set for a good spoof . But as quickly as the film sets us up for a refreshing superhero sendup , it lets us down with a birrage of fart jokes , myspace references , and poorly used cameos.On the brightside , Superhero Movie was able to pull a few surprise laughs out of me due to my fascination with making fun of Steven Hawking . Unfortuneatly , the same one-two punch formula of cheap laughs apply here in which the audience will be left laughing at the shear stupidity of the studios for funding the same movie in a different box over and over again , rather than the writing . Superhero Movie may seem decent in comparison to some of it 's current competetion , but it is leagues away from a farce of a Mel Brooks standard .
 I watched this movie with some friends the other night . I found myself and a few of my friends actually falling asleep by the middle of the film . There were very few funny parts , this movie was a BIG waste of time . Lets pray they do n't release a second .
 There 's a whole business out there for people spoofing Da Vinci 's Mona Lisa painting . If you saw a funny one with a mustache painted over the Mona Lisa and you photocopied that picture and sent it to someone , that 's the Superhero Movie in a nutshell.Not only has the ** insert movie genre ** MOVIE become a genre by itself , it also has to compete with smarter broadcast TV spoof comedies -LRB- Family Guy , Simpsons -RRB- . At this point , certain devices have established themselves as de rigueur in the spoof vocabulary -LRB- prolonged flatulence from polite girls , school group segregation -LRB- ie . `` these are the goths , these are the jocks ... '' -RRB- , and general boy-meets-girl awkwardness -RRB- . David Zucker is the producer of this movie , and for those who are n't familiar with the name , Zucker , along with Jim Abrahams invented the spoof movie genre with Kentucky Fried Movie , Police Squad , Airplane , and Naked Gun . Leslie Nielsen , Zucker 's featured actor , is in Superhero Movie too , though he is spoofing Leslie Nielsen roles himself , doing all the things one has come to expect a senile Lt. Frank Drebin to do.The point is , this movie might appear to be spoofing Spiderman , X-men , and Batman on the surface , but as a nonsequel sequel , it is really following a strict formula according to spoof movie rules . Superhero Movie is really a sequel to the parody movie genre . And once you become aware of that precedent , it 's almost a tired exercise in the same worn out routines.Stars who are featured on the cover appear for all but 30 seconds . Spoof movies were known for cameos , but they never displayed it so audaciously as a marketing tool . Part of the fun of watching earlier spoof movies would be that sudden , unannounced appearance of a big star -LRB- Who could forget the absolute greatest spoof scene in Airplane
 O.K. who 's brainstorm was this ? They need two behind the ear . How can you take the phenomenal , real life story of Charlie Luciano 's rise to power during the Castellamarese war , and turn it into `` Mobsters '' ?!! This had the potential to be a fantastic picture , up until they hired the casting director . Instead it was turned into 21 Jump Street during prohibition . Luciano , Maranzano , Costello , Lansky etc. are doing cartwheels in their grave everytime anyone puts this in their DVD player . Trust me , `` Mobsters '' is an offer you can definately refuse .
 I do n't know about who wrote most of these earlier reviews , but my God , this is the absolute worst movie ever portraying these God-like men of Cosa Nostra . Christain Slater ? Are you kidding me ? And what is with this crap regarding the British speaking Maranzano ? This is by far the most foul portrayal of La Cosa Nostra ever put on film . Do yourself a favor , if you have n't seen it , do n't . And if you have , and like it , kill yourself , because I ca n't go through life knowing I 'm competing for the same air as someone who is completely the poster child for people who should n't breed .
 This film is pretty much the biggest waste of time and money possible ! Do n't buy this movie it 's horrible ! You work hard and you deserve alot better , buy the godfather trilogy ! . Anyway the film is based on four friends who become gangsters and thats basically it , the reason this film sucks is because the plotting ; the direction is good as well as the astmosphere of the film but the casting is horrible ! This is the kind of film you can buy for 5 dollars in the walmart bin so do n't waste 15 dollars buying it on here . The cast sucks ! Christian Slater was good in True Romance but other than that he 's just a pretty boy actor that never made it , kind of like Richard Grieco who also stars in this . But anyway this might be the film that killed oscar winning F. Murray Abrahams chances of ever becoming a big actor in the 90s . Maybe if the script was written better or if the cast was picked better it might not be buried in the walmart bin as we speak . 0 out of 5 stars .
 Could n't play this video because it required downloading an update to my DVD player . this was not stated on the ad , but was on a note inside of the DVD case . Will never by from this vendor again .
 Anyone who knows a bit about the growth of the Mob in New York can tell that this is a POORLY written piece of fiction that barely comes close to the reality of the TRUE story of what Lucky Luciano & Meyer Lansky did back in the 1930 's !
 Sorry but this may be the worst mob film ever . As far as I 'm concerned the actors did not give the film credibility . Patrick Dempsey as Meyer Lansky ? Christian Slater as Lucky Luciano ? Richard Greico as Bugsy Siegal ? Come on . What a joke !
 I ordered this DVD and was sent the HD-Version which will NOT play on my DVD Player . . I now see that the order indicates HD but the HD was not clear when ordering ...
 Bdd acting , bad directing , bad plot , bad script . An okay way to spend a couple of hours if you like the genre and keep your expectations low . No way in the world is this a `` modern classic , '' though.Contrary to what Hollywood thinks , and contrary to what many in the audience may claim , many people DO get their history from the movies -LRB- just read a couple pages worth of reviews on any such film listed on Amazon -RRB- , and that alone would take at least one star off of this film . Sure , you sometimes have to use a little poetic license to dramatize real people and events in a film , but when you start to resort to outright fiction to give a different impression than the facts would , you 've failed . If you 're going to tell a fictional story about four kids who grow up to take over organized crime in Prohibition America , then go all the way and do n't use real historical figures as characters.The even more unforgivable sin that this film commits is that it does n't even attempt to demythologize organized crime . According to this thing , these four guys were working class heroes ! Meyer Lansky always prided himself on never having personally taken a life himself -- but like Frank in `` Scarface , '' he just had somebody else do it for him . Gotti and his ilk love this sort of crap , because even if they do n't see themselves this way , they at least want the rest of us to see them this way.If they had at least tried to show the true nature of these people , rather than glamorize them as antiheroes , this could have been a good film . As it is , it almost seems as if the script was written by a ten-year-old who dreams of someday growing up to be just like Lucky.Somehow , I doubt the people who Luciano and company killed , raped , robbed , extorted and terrorized , etc. would find this a fair treatment of the times .
 Almost everything in this movie is a lie ... . Although somethings in the movie happened almost all of it did n't happen the way the movie potrays . . This movie should be outlawed for its unrealistic potral of some of the most respected gangsters in American history ...
 Christian Slater does not fit the role of Lucky Luciano or any kind of Italian mobster . It could have used real looking gangsters instead of Hollywood prettyboys.The story is too exaggerated for a gangster film . I hate the part where the little boy walks into the bar to ask Christian Slater for a job , just because the way he looks . No one becomes a gang leader just because of the way they look . I 'd much rather watch The Godfather or Goodfellas . It could have been better
 Was not happy with this cut of this movie ! Alot of good scenes were cut out of this movie `` WAY '' not as good as it really is . Wish i 'd have known . would n't have purchased it !!! : -LRB-
 This is the worst movie ever made . Who would ever buy that Christian Slater could be Charlie Luciano ??? After he was attacked b Maranzano 's people he didnt even have the droopy eye . Jesus . Masseria , they could n't even say his name right . And MARANZANO -LRB- they couldnt even SPELL his name right ! -RRB- was a nazi , not an italian . Who would buy that nazi that played maranzano as an italian mob boss . Anyone who likes this movie should be shot . and dont even get me started on richard greico . Who invited 21 jump street to this party ? if you want a better painted picture of what these guys were like , with ALOT better casting , then get `` Lansky '' with Richard Dreyfuss . Mobsters is a joke .
 I liked the movie , but what really disappoints me is that the Digital Copy is only Windows Media compatible . Now to be fair , it does say so on the package , if you squint real hard and look at the fine print on the back . I 've taken up the habit of buying movies with digital copies because I 've got a lot of room left on my iPod , this is the first time I 've run into this problem . Other movies I buy offer a Mac or Windows version , as was the case with `` The Dark Knight '' -LRB- say , was n't that a WB release too ? -RRB- . As for the movie , the animation is the best I 've seen from any of the DC Direct to DVD movies . This has the potential to spawn some sequels , and if they keep the quality up I hope they do . So anyway , I liked the movie , it is much like an intergalactic cop movie , the digital copy shaft still hurts though .
 I was kind of excited to get an animated green lantern blu-ray . But my enthusiasm quickly diminished as the movie went on . I found the story to be extremely lacking . Also the movie was poorly drawn and rendered . Bah , hopefully someone else will take a crack at it and do better .
 I waited with eager anticipation for this DVD . The idea of Chris Meloni playing Hal Jordan as an intergalactic cop 's voice was quite intriguing.Unfortunately while the music score is great the dialogue and voices are just too hackneyed . The story is too much focused on action . In Wonder Woman we got an origin where cahracters loved and had motivation , men , women and even Ares loved his son even if he was the villainous jerk side of War.In this story , we get Sinestro taking in Hal Jordan under his wing and without ruining the rest of the movie ... scenes and music were far too similar to Star Wars for my liking . Particularly in a dance club the music was similar to the first/fourth Star Wars film.I love sci-fi as much as the next nerd , but this might be one best to get used after a few months . The voices fell flat and there was no build up of care or emotion . I could not have cared if one of the GL 's died or anything because they were just written as funny looking guys and ladies in costumes rather than having unique but ailien motivations and heroic character . Kilowog is mariginally developed but again the voice is painful.This was really a C - job . 2 stars is being NICE >
 I 'll keep this short and sweet : - They 've butchered the Green Lantern story-This is NOT how the Sinestro Corps happened-Sinestro has a floating yellow power battery that zaps things ? - Story is horrid-Character design is horrid-This is a disgrace to the Green Lantern franchise . How could DC let this happen ? - Only people who 've never read anything GL could like this and I 'm sorry for you .
 Only get this if you 're in the mood for a story which largely takes place in outer space.I was n't , and stopped watching halfway .
 I 'm a great enthusiast of a wide variety of animation , from black and white `` Popeye '' to `` Bullwinkle and Rocky '' , from `` Challenge of the Superfriends '' to `` Power Puff Girls '' and on and on.Though I 'm wild about the subject matter in this recent spate of DC character cartoon movies , the actual execution has left me bored to tears.First let me criticise the second disc `` extras ''
 I was really upset to find out the itunes digital copy is not included . Very bad move WB . Windows DRM is terrible , after binding the copy to your pc , good luck getting the license to work if you have to reinstall the OS ! With itunes the DRM is tied to the account which then authorizes a device , much better . I 'm disappointed in this new approach of windows only . The 1 star is therefore for the product , not the movie .
 I am a HUGE Green Lantern fan . I am a HUGE DCAU fan . I watched this movie , as a long time fan , with two friends who knew almost nothing about Green Lantern and comics in general . We all thoroughly hated it . None of us made it to the end of the movie . It is $ 30 and 70 minutes of my life I 'll never get back . I 'm still trying to figure out what went so horribly , horribly wrong with this movie.First , the script by Alan Burnett was awful . Great , they did n't spend a lot of time on the origin story , but this movie is called `` First Flight '' . You would think it SHOULD be an origin story . And the origin of Hal Jordan as Green Lantern is a really good one . Very rich and well-developed and even recently re-envisioned by the amazing Green Lantern comic genius Geoff Johns . Was any of that here ? No . Instead they took a great origin story and made it stupid , clumsy , and almost entirely non-sensical . Instead of becoming Green Lantern and getting indoctrinated into the Green Lantern Corps which has been shown , again and again , to be interesting , Hal Jordan is basically beyond expert with his ring immediately , as tho he was born into it . They ruined Abin Sur 's death story . While Sinestro 's transition from Green Lantern to the evil Sinestro is handled well -LRB- Sinestro is the real star of this movie , Hal Jordan is just a flat cardboard backdrop -RRB- , the creation of the Yellow Battery and how that all plays out is completely ridiculous.All of the plot/script failures pale in comparison to the clumsy , fumbling direction by Lauren Montgomery . I 'm not sure where they dug her up , but the physical action - which is the bulk of this movie - makes no sense . Lanterns do stupid , extremely repetitive things with their rings . When they interact with the real world the objects behave in ways that completely defy all laws of physics -LRB- for instance shooting the wing off a descending starship that then lands precariously on the opposite wing , suddenly changes direction 90 degrees , and then skids away skimming along the top of the ground like a giant rolllerblade -RRB- . Bruce Timm , who has been an amazing producer for the DCAU was clearly not present in this production at all . He must have only provided funding and no oversight whatsoever on this project . Bruce , this tarnishes your name which was previously held in the highest regard . Watch out , Bruce . Attaching your name to this kind of garbage will ruin your reputation.Please do n't watch this movie ! If you know Green Lantern it 'll ruin it for you . If you do n't know Green Lantern , it 'll ruin it for you . If you have to watch it , whatever you do , do n't actually spend money on it . If you know someone who did -LRB- like me -RRB- , please mock them mercilessly for being such an idiot .
 The movie eschews logic and wit in favor of being a big-time action movie with no moral center and no emotional drive.Which is a shame , b/c any good movie follows SOME kind of logic , and Green Lantern 's world has benefited in the past by wit -LRB- a Superman episode using 2nd-tier Lantern Kyle Rainer comes to mind -RRB- and has most certainly suffered in the past without it -LRB- the John Stewart Green Lantern of the Justice League cartoon -RRB- . In brief , the film jumps right into the action , turning pilot Hal Jordon into superhero Green Lantern within the first 10 or 15 minutes . While that might sound fun , you end up with no emotional connect with the character . Imagine if Iron Man was missing the first 25 minutes or the first two Spider-Man movies were missing the first 30 -- that 's what we have here.While we see a host of characters fans have clamored for , and the voice work and casting is truly EXCELLENT -LRB- including an interestingly cast John Larroquette -LSB- Night Court , Boston Legal -RSB- -RRB- , it does nothing to help this brainless actioner be anything but 2nd-rate ideas live-action action directors Roland Emerich or Michael Bay would have tossed aside.Try Justice League
 I was raised on the comics from the 40 's on . I do n't like animated -LRB- cartoon -RRB- and I wo n't buy the video . Animated is for the kids .
 `` Green Lantern
 As a GL fan as well as a DCAU and DCU fan , I was extremely excited when I heard that Green Lantern was going to get his own animated movie . I made it through little more than half way when I realized that this movie is n't exactly all I was hoping it would be . After struggling though the rest of this `` masterpiece '' , I came to the conclusion that , to me , this was a really boring movie!I could go on and on about what I did n't like about this , but I 'll spare you all . One thing I did enjoy was the voice acting ; Christopher Meloni as GL was especially inspiring , as was Victor Garber as Sinestro and Michael Madsen as Kilowog.Other than that , the story was underdeveloped and dull , and the characters themselves were as well . Plenty of action , but not much of anything else . `` Green Lantern
 I 'm a big fan of DC 's animated movies and this was definitly a return to form . I felt like Wonder Woman was a HUGE misstep in the DC animated movies and this movie brings DC animation back to grace and the behind scene feature for Public Enemies has me pumped for that movie as well . Overall , I give this flick 4 stars out of 5 but I subtracted a 2 stars for WB 's DRM 'd out of the wazoo digital copy . When I purchased this , I expected to plug it into iTunes , like every digital copy I 've gotten from every publisher including WB . The only digital copy I got that was n't what I expected it to be was Hancock 's which only worked on pc , ps3 , and psp . At least I could carry that copy around . I have an iPod like most every other person in the world and when we see `` digital copy '' we expect it to work like every other digital copy out there . I would have easily paid $ 5 more for a mac/iPod compatible digital copy . They really should call it something else . I hope they fix their non-mac compatable digital copy before Public Enemies comes out .
 With all the hype that surrounded this film I was very dissapointed in the story line . This might be a spoiler but the biggest problem I had was the fact that the movie was named `` First Flight '' and yet Hal knows how to use his ring as soon as he puts it on . I did not want to see a comic book turned into a animated movie with the script being word for word from it , but some form of linear progression would have been appriciated . The characters are also surprisingly one dimensional and most of that has to do with the fact that much of their backstory is left out . Jordan 's military background , Sinestro 's rule over his own planet , and even Kilowog being in charge of handling new members . The animation was incredible and the action scenes do deliver , but I would honestly rent this movie before buying it .
 The Green Lantern series from DC Comics , with its emphasis on the inventive creations of the energy constructs of the hero 's power ring and his membership in an interstellar police corps managed by the gnomelike Guardians of the Galaxy , is a natural for film adaptation , first in this animated effort from Warner Brothers and then very soon in a live-action film from the same studio -LRB- which owns DC Comics -RRB- . There 's more that can be done -LRB- and more cheaply -RRB- in an animated format than in a live-action work , but this first effort with the central character -LRB- as its title suggests -RRB- seems to be working out all kinds of initial bugs in the system . The old origin story from the 1950s of the cocky test pilot Hal Jordan being bequeathed his power ring by a dying alien who had previously patrolled his sector of the galaxy is still here -- in brief -- , but the screenwriters seem to want to leap right over the background story as much as possible
 It 's pretty clear that the scriptwriter for this has never read any Green Lantern comics , nor knows anything about the story and characters . Instead , we get a checklist of names and situations borrowed from the comics , and that 's it . There is little to no backstory - no training with Kilowog , no explanation of the constructs , and Hal Jordan being a newbie stuck in a world of intergalactic alien adventure is glossed over completely.The story itself bears little resemblence to anything in the Green Lantern comics , straying considerably from the source material . While this is no bad thing in itself -LRB- and comic storylines are endless retold and recycled anyway -RRB- , it only works if the new story is good . In this case , it is n't , so I 'm left wondering why they did n't stick closer to the original.As a Green Lantern fan , this is very dissappointing . If you know nothing about GL , the GL Corps , and the Guardians , I 'd imagine this to be incredibly confusing.Linear , simplistic , lacking in character , with an illogical and uninteresting storyline , a disregard for the good bits of Green Lantern continuity , and some surprisingly bland direction.Ironic that it 's coming out -LRB- July 2009 -RRB- just as the Green Lantern comic launches into the best story that DC have ever published -LRB- Blackest Night , by Geoff Johns -RRB- . The difference between the two could not be more extreme.Avoid , at all costs . Even if you 're a comic fan , a DC fan , and a GL fan like me , it 's really not worth the bother . You 'll just end up as confused , frustrated , and unhappy as I am !
 The movie is okay , and even has some really nice moments from a visual stand point . The plot is paper thin , but the action sequences are pretty . However , I have been taking advantage of these digital copy versions so that I can put the movies on an ipod touch for my kids . It does n't make sense to not support the format that dominates how digital content is consumed . The ipod and itunes are by far the most used products when it comes to digital content consumption . They 're trying to force those of us that use this feature to buy the movie twice , which is sleazy . It would be nice if they at least differentiated the versions that are itunes/ipod compatible and the ones that are n't .
 No characterization or explanation of how the rings work , no mention of willpower , no training whatsoever , and at the end of the movie we still have no idea who Hal Jordan is . As soon as he gets the ring , Hal is flying around in costume and using it to make a bluetooth device he can talk to Ferris with . How 's he know how to do that ? Is n't he , you know , impressed by this at all ? No idea -- he 's whisked to Oa , not for training or anything , just questioning . Then he 's thrown into following Sinestro around -LRB- so who 's patrolling Jordan 's space-sector ? -RRB- . Jordan is basically a supporting character , while the only role given any characterization is Sinestro . No explanation of how the Corps is run , and no sense of excitement or awe from Jordan.This , along with Superman : Doomsday and New Frontier , is another wasted opportunity by DC Animation . It 's extremely ironic that the one animated movie of pure brilliance they 've made is Wonder Woman -- a comic that no writer can seem to make interesting , yet they turned it into a great movie . Meanwhile , Green Lantern and New Frontier should have been slam-dunks , and they 're instead vapid , poorly written , and just plain dull.Skip this .
 What is created here is a movie only someone who already knows the Green Lantern 's origin story could enjoy . Why ? Because the origin is cut down to a couple minutes total . Hal Jordan becomes the Green Lantern before the opening credits start . His whole backstory is so short that you never get a chance to connect to the character . He gets his powers and he is off to adventure without even spending time to learn how his powers actually work . And how do they work ? Well , the movie never tells you . Sure , it talks about the green element that powers the rings , but never explains how the powers are controlled through a combination of willpower and imagination , which is a huge part of understanding all the things Hal Jordan can do with his powers . The movie runs about 30 minutes too short and sacrifices a good origin story for something only hyperactive kids might enjoy . Furthermore , the animation also reflects this sloppiness , looking no better than the 90 's Spider-Man and X-Men cartoons .
 I had high hopes for this movie as i 'm an avid GL fan . Unfortunately , what the other reviewers are saying is correct . This movie has NO character development , an extremely rushed storyline , more english/slang cursing than one would expect in alien languages and finally , little to no ties to ACTUAL GL history . There 's no mention of willpower anywhere , just yellow vs green like some schoolyard fight picking sides , the Guardians are petty and whiny , lacking the cold , calculating personality of the books , the rings do n't choose their bearer , the Guardians do and it irks me that the Sinestro Corps uniform is already introduced -LRB- yes that was a spoiler but we all knew Hal was fighting him at the end , did n't we ? -RRB- . It also felt like they played the ION-card a little early too -LRB- those who 've read the books will understand that line -RRB- . I will say that casting and art were nicely done and i really hope someone , somewhere down the line decides to make a GL movie -LRB- live action or animation -RRB- that goes anywhere near the actual storyline cuz it 'd be awesome ...
 I am by no means a huge Green Lantern officanato -LRB- meaning I have read only a handful of GL comics , but I do enjoy GL . I was certainly disappointed with the movie . Not for continuity issues or anything nick picky like that , but simply I felt the story was very rushed and one dimensional . Like one review said it was straight to the action , it had no character development , at all . I would imagine this would be entertaining if I was under the age of 13 , but honestly the straight forward `` Jordan has ring , One Lantern is Bad , Lets all fight , Jordan saves the day '' Story was just too bland.Great art , and great voice acting by far . But the story was simply lacking . Certainly not worth buying -LRB- unless its for the kids -RRB- .
 The digital copy does not have Itunes support . Warner Brothers should be ashamed to have advertised this movie with a digital copy .
 Why , why , why ? Why PG-13 kids movies?If you are The Dark Knight , more power to you . Spoiler alert - you ARE NOT The Dark Knight . The PG-13 route for something that could be kid-friendly shows you are not making good products . If you ca n't make something appeal to everyone -LRB- hey , ever hear of Empire Strikes Back ? I hear that did pretty well -RRB- without being `` too cool for school '' for the sake of pretending to be edgy then follow this procedure . Stop . Start over . Repeat this process until you can make something good without false edginess .
 Buyer Beware ! Rent this movie BEFORE you spend any money on it . Bad does not begin to describe the total lack of story . Micheal Bay fans , ok you might like it . 77 Minutes of film 3 minutes of story , ugh . On the plus side it does have the Green Lantern episode of Duck Dodgers , and that almost makes the disk work while . Duck Dodgers was far , far superior to First Flight in every way .
 Digital Copy is Windows only . No iPod . No iTunes . No returns on opened DVD 's . No disclosure ANYWHERE on the page - except for product reviews .
 Green Lantern has always been one of my all time favs since childhood , I waited anxiously for this release ... just to be let down . Maybe it 's because I 'm a huge fan but I was let down in every aspect of this movie . Bad voice acting & horrible story are the big two . I really did n't like any of the voice choices for the characters at all . None seem to fit . The story was really subpar . It was like a bobo mix of all the GL origin stories told ... only not as detailed in that story . The action and mission starts right away . Now that is n't always a bad thing but in this instance , I did n't care for it . If you 're a giant GL fan then you may be disappointed in this . I actually enjoyed the Duck Dodgers episode `` The Green Loontern '' -LRB- on the bonus disc -RRB- better than the actual feature . My review may be a bit vague , but I get frustrated just thinking about it.But do n't just take my word for it . Check it yourself . If you wan na see a good DC animated feature , check outWonder Woman 2009 -LRB- Two-Disc Special Edition + Digital Copy -RRB- or if you really wan na see GL rocking it , check outJustice League - The New Frontier -LRB- Two-Disc Special Edition -RRB-
 I am sure this is a fantastic movie - but I wanted to warn any of you who would expect WB to be able to do what they do for their other releases -LRB- ahem BLU RAY Watchmen -RRB- THE DIGITAL COPY of this movie is PC ONLY !!!! Kind a big detail to overlook , since nearly every current digital copy is PC/MAC . Just wanted to let you know and review was only way I knew how to . Thanks and enjoy green lantern . Just wish I could have known that before I purchased it !
 This movie was another excellent animated offering from WB/DC COMICS ANimation !!! I enjoyed this version of the Hal Jordan origin story . However , I was very upset to learn that the DIGITAL COPY is now NOT offering the iTunes option for the digital copy . I have bought alot of Blu Rays and this is a big added benefit to be able to put it in my itunes libary for portable watching . I like many of you , use my iPods to watch video on the road . The PC DRM video file is not compatible with itunes , so this `` feature '' is completely useless to me now . WAY TO GO WB !!!! Why did you mess with this ??? Even worse , if you had to monkey with this you should make this clear that this is NO LONGER COMPATIBLE WITH ITUNES !!! BAIT AND SWITCH !!! Just dump this feature and make the disc cheaper if you are going to do something like this ! I did like the itunes file and was willing to pay the higher blue ray price for it ! BAD MOVE ! Buyer beware ...
 Not a great film , the Justice League -LRB- specially season one -RRB- are much better.The story line could have been created with more interesting parts . I know this is a `` cartoon '' but I expected a more grown up one , this one seems very childish at some points.The Blu Ray version was not `` mind blowing '' like others -LRB- Battle for Terra , Serenity , etc. -RRB- so not worth it .
 This movie can not be an origin story becasue it completly ignores the origins of it 's main character ; Hal Jordan . Hal Jordan was a daredevil fighter pilot before abin sur left him his ring . In this movie it is never actually stated that he is a pilot.You see Hal in a simulator , but for all the audience knows he could be training for his first flight , no pun intended . To wield the ring one must have imagination , and most importantly willpower , which our hero has in spades . In the movie Hal can use his ring well ... because he can?To affect the color yellow with the rings one must be without fear . Hal Jordan is called the man without fear becasue as a child he saw his worst fear come true before his eyes , his father crashed a died in a test flight . This is never touched on in the movie.Now that I have established why this can not be an origin story , I will address why this is not a good film . Though it is supposed to be the green lantern '' corp '' you never see more than about twelve lanterns on screen at one time . The source of the lanterns energy is a rock , that is green ... . no , there 's no more explanation , thats it . A rock , that is green , is the reason that species from all over the universe can fly and fire lasers from jewelry.This film adresses no backstory , and offers nothing new to the series . What it does offer are a few barely decent fight scenes . If you watch `` ANY '' episode of justice league unlimited that features a green lantern you will find better scenes , fighting or otherwise . As I first stated save your money and buy the book , written by Geoff Johns . Green Lantern
 Great animated movie - period.I 'm giving this release two stars as once again , Warner Bros shafts the Mac community with another Windows-only digital copy . Does n't work on iPods / iPhones ? Funny , as those are the highest selling portable music / video players out today.Get a clue WB .
 I bought this disc as a package deal with ` Watchmen ' and was initially pleased at the outset , could not wait to watch it , but after watching the film -LRB- cartoon -RRB- I got more and more dissapointed as the film progressed , the story is true to it 's origins within the comic genre but as cartoon films have advanced so much these last few years through the likes of ` Toy Story ' right up to ` Bolt ' I suppose I was expecting that type of film , it was in fact just like watching a TV cartoon , I enjoyed the story and when you get over the shock of it not being a ` Pixar ' type film you can enjoy it a little more . Nice to know the likes of Michael Madsen are doing voice overs , this was one of the reasons I initially bought the film , again it to me gave it creedence that the film was like the aforementioned new gen cartoons , had I had re-alised then maybe as a Sci-Fi lover that it was in fact more a TV movie I would have waited to purchase it at a reduced rate some time in the future or maybe hired it . I certainly will not be keeping it and it will be on a web site for sale long before this review is posted if at all . As for a digital copy as well , this is useful for parents to download to portable devices to be used in cars etc. .
 Am I the only one who is annoyed that DC is churning out these movies with just enough adult content that I ca n't show it to my Kid . I 've been in love with superheroes since I first learned to read -LRB- way back in the Bronze Age -RRB- and although I understand why regular monthly books are targeted at a late 20 's audience , I ca n't figure out why DC is doing this with thier direct to DVD films . The Batman / Superman Adventures and the JLU cartoons followed a perfect formula ... I could get my geek-on and my kid could fall in love with the same characters I grew up loving . So why add just enough boorish and childish `` Adult '' content that the cartoons only have the narrower appeal ? Who needs to hear a hero say `` damnit '' or actually watch Sinestro torture someone ? These qualities have ALWAYS been succesfully implied to older audience members without explicitly being portrayed in a manner that will chase most 5 or 6 year olds out of the room.Yay for Wolverine and the X-Men , Yay for Spectacular Spider-Man , and BOO for DC direct ! I 've been a huge fan of Bruce Tim for two decades now , but he should be embarrassed to have his name on this stuff .
 One thing for sure , it hops and the action hardly stops for a coffee break , which I could have dearly used . I 'm sure many people , as I , are looking forward to see and enjoy the fruits of Disney 's purchase of Marvel will bring . This was not one of their best offerings.First , there are lots for ten year olds to enjoy as the movie never stops for a breath and the special effects will send young kids into a bug-eyed frenzy . Also , and I 'm assuming here , the sound track is directed at Kids between six and twelve years of age , which leaves everyone else wondering if they 're being herded for colonization . So much for the positive aspects of the movie.For everyone past the age of twelve , they probably would enjoy the movie if the soundtrack was close to being listenable and the actors had not been put in a position of spouting lines with no logical reference to what was happening around them . Maybe a plot would have helped . A simple story line would have sufficed .
 please do not waste your money on this like I did . poor video quality and all at night ... seemed like it was filmed a decade ago by a 16 year old .
 The trilogy is a great story with vast potential . I ruined the experience by first watching the 2011 version of The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo staring Rooney Mara . After seeing Rooney 's world class performance as the star ` Lisbeth ' these original videos are very lack luster . Until Rooney stars in a new adaptation of the last two movies you should stick with the book .
 The problem is not maybe the movie but the source material -LRB- the book -RRB- . There is too much telegraphing of what is coming . Whereas as the first movie -LRB- Girl ... Dragon Tattoo -RRB- was so full of great twists and turns it blew me away both emotionally and it was literally physically draining to watch.The second -LRB- Girl ... Fire -RRB- was just plain stupid especially given how Lisbeth escapes from being buried alive and the Jaws-like -LRB- 007 James Bond references r us -RRB- parody of a villain can feel no pain . This one is a straight procedural taking place mainly in offices , courts , hospitals and jail cells . The story feels confined like its setting.Sorry , but after the first movie I was expecting way more from this series and it deteriorated into just repeating everything over and over again . The thing was way too obvious and wrapped up way too easily . The ambiguity the first film played with just got lost over the next two films as the focus was way too much on Lisbeth 's life itself whereas the first one the focus was on how Lisbeth and the Swedish journalist team up to bring down a Nazi .
 Tried to watch it while on my elliptical . Bored me to tears . The dub was tolerable , the story was just painfully slow .
 The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Girl Who Played with Fire were simply excellent . The acting , cinematography , and capture of the novels ' essence were simply exquisite . The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet 's Nest , on the other hand , left out too much of the latter to be enjoyable . Erika Berger 's leaving for and harassment at SMP , the investigation by the Constitutional Protection Unit , and Mikael Blomkvist 's affair with Monica Figuerola , were too much part of the story to be deleted . Perhaps a two-part movie was necessary . I hope the American film of this novel , if there is one , addresses this shortcoming .
 and you get a real movie . Normally , with this many reviews already written , I would n't bother but I feel the need to tip the scales here . I 've read all three books and loved them . I saw the ` Girl With the Dragon Tattoo ' prior to reading the book and I liked it a lot . But when I watched it again after reading the book it no longer seemed very good . These books are simply too dense in plotting and contain more nuance than can be communicated in the running time of these movies . Even with clever script writing it would take for sure two , maybe three movies to cover each book.This movie begins moments after the second movie ends . Lisbeth is in the hospital with gunshot wounds . She 'll be treated and put on trial . Micke is working to get her off the rap and expose the bad guys who put her there . This is a hefty book . It has a lot of characters and an involved plot . As hard as they tried there just is n't a way to pack all this into a two and a half hour movie . The courtroom scene alone could easily eat up that much clock.The producers were able to keep all the principle actors in their rolls and have introduced an entire stable of new ones to fill in all the rolls that pop up here . All do well with what they have to work with but it is n't much . The characters and plot points are little more than sketches . David Fincher is -LRB- as of this writing -RRB- in post-production on ` The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo ' and I 'm really concerned if he can pull this off . He 's one of my favorite directors and I 'd hate to see him turn in a stinker.I realize I 'm at a disadvantage having read the books . I can not bring a fresh perspective to the viewing experience of these movies . If there are any out there that have seen these and not read the books I would enjoy your take on them . Maybe they 're better than I give them credit for . But as of now I 'm sticking with the two stars .
 The desire to see the end of the story started in the first installment -LRB- which was decent -RRB- is pretty natural . So , there is practically no way to avoid yet another idiotic sequel . This time nothing makes sense at all , but you will know the ending.After watching all three movies in the series the most amazing part is that Sweden is presented as a police state with openly corrupt legal system . According to these movies Sweden is populated by morons , whose ineptitude is the only thing saving them from sliding into full totalitarianism.Just an example
 I did n't read the books . They are still in my TBR pile . However , I have seen all three of the movies and I have to say that this one was the weakest of the three . While Lisbeth continues to be a real kick butt heroine , I was not as revited by this plot as I was for the first movie . All of the information in this movie was revealed in the second one . The court room drama was boring at best . That man knew that the DVD existed in the first installment . There was no shock or major twist for the audience . The back story of who and what her father was versus getting the information to the public-was boring as well . Maybe if there were scenes of the public outcry or something . Fights scenes were untentionally funny . Cops that take a full minute trying to get their guns out of their holsters -- assault weapons being flashed and fought over in a restaurant and there 's no reaction from the diners for a full minute until the bullets fly and then they just duck . Killers who appear to have heartattacks during a job and a brother who watched Terminator 2-too closely . And why was n't there an active seach being conducted for the brother ? Over all , I found the film boring and my having to force myself to sit still instead of doodling or writing a groceries list . The first movie , I could n't turn away -- this one -LRB- and even the second one -RRB- fell flat .
 Truthfully , I only watched the entire thing because I paid for it . I am oh so glad it was n't that much . It needs to be remade `` American Style '' .
 Ah , the Millenium Trilogy , or as another reviewer correctly put it , The Good , The Bad , and the Unbelievably Boring . Of course , we all know what I 'm referring to with each term - Good -LRB- DT -RRB- , Bad -LRB- PWF -RRB- and ... yeah.I was n't gon na review the sequels in the first place , because keeping in mind and all hype aside , clearly the only good movie in the series was Dragon Tattoo . It 's evident from frame one of Played With Fire that they were n't even trying to make quality sequels , and alas , this is the perfect example of why some trilogies just plain should never be . But , hey , I 've already created a bit of a monster here , so why leave it incomplete.The lack of any memorable scenes is back , and worse than ever . A bit of good news for ya though , this movie does , in some scenes , restore the visual palette of Dragon Tattoo , how some scenes look gothic and at times , even pretty . Oh , and the acting is good too . That may be about it . The film continues the plot of the second movie , where Lisbeth , recovering from the gunshot wound to the head she survived , finds herself on trial for the murders in the second movie , with Blomkvist there to help her prove her innocence.Making a return is our favorite stupid goon , Niedermann . That 's right , the big , tall , blonde idiot who ca n't feel any pain and walks around being Oooooooh so scary and nervous and is unexplained . It 's rather unfortunate that potential for a good villain was wasted , because Niedermann could have been the perfect villain . Perhaps this is Larsson 's fault , but it 's still no excuse.The film is n't without its share of plotholes . The antagonist , Zalachenko , is killed off 20 minutes into the movie in a murder-suicide , which is over before it even begins , and this creates a lot of problems with the plot , especially since a lot of questions are raised about him in the trial scenes . Who is even on whose side again ? This was a problem in Played With Fire , and here it 's even more irritating , because we only know that Mikael is the one person who will stop at nothing to prove Lisbeth innocent . There is a subplot regarding death threats sent to one of Mikael 's coworkers , and this is later left to die ... which is a frustrating since it could have been SO interesting to begin with.And of course , let 's not forget the trial scenes . They 're ridiculous , rushed , and boring beyond belief . I actually expected Judge Judy to come out at one point and kick the judge aside to deal with the case herself . I actually kinda wished that would happen since they 're the one way this movie could be interesting.Fortunately , Noomi Rapace does an excellent job yet again . She is a gorgeous and very talented actress , and she kills again as Lisbeth here . Aside from Noomi , this film is a clear cut case of why some trilogies should just never happen .
 Daniel Alfredson 's `` The Girl Who Played With Fire '' was less violent than Niels Arden Oplev 's thoroughly unpleasant `` The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo . '' To make up for it , his newest effort kicks off with a clip show of the bloody ending from `` Played With Fire , '' followed by some gory surgical imagery . However , after this distasteful beginning , nothing happens.Really , nothing . Lisbeth Salander spends the entire film in hospital or jail , accused of murdering her evil father . The denouement is sort of like a courtroom drama , except without any tension
 I recently purchased the DVD The Girl Who Kicked The Hornets Nest , I live in Australia which uses the ` PAL ' UK , Euro TV system , message comes up select your region code , I should have been sent the DVD that uses our system.What 's more ca n't find any email address to communicate with Amazon .
 This movie is quite a disappointment . If you have n't read the books , you will be lost and wondering why the movie was made at all . The story is disjointed , moving in all directions with out a purpose.If you have read the books , it is a unmitigated disaster . Film makers must condense a story to work with the attention span of the viewers , but here they have torn the soul out of the heroine and castrated Micke . We no longer see the hacker coordinating her defense , we only see hints . Mikael drives the investigation , but with no understanding of how or why.All the subplots are cast aside and the secret service investigations and the characters are tossed in the story at random with no background to give context.The worse part is the ending - in the book , we see the growth and new found trust that develops in Lisbeth . In the movie , all we get is a fumbling , unspeaking , unappreciating social misfit . Lisbeth has not been freed from her prison , she has moved back in and redecorated.While I understand the film 's emphasis on the court room and trial - for we see a little of the old Lisbeth here , this story required the background of activity and support found in the investigations of Mikael , the secret service and the machinations of the group.In the books , Lisbeth is a part of the story - a raging river rampaging through a complex environment of forests , mountains and towns . In this context , the river 's interactions with the environment it tears through are just as important as the river itself . In this movie , the director seems to have forgotten this .
 The denouement of the Larssen trilogy is not simply -LRB- as the movie states -RRB- that everything will be revealed . It is also , at least in Larsson 's books , marked by a shift in the protagonist Lizbeth Salander , a shift towards trust and beginning movements of friendship . This shift is entirely downplayed in this movie , which is more interested in showing the Goth/Punk makeup of Salander than her growing , adult sense of who to trust and how to trust . Further , Erika Berger is portrayed as a whiny coward , which she most certainly is not in the Larsson books ; and Armansky 's role is almost completely omitted -LRB- which makes Berger 's call to his security agency instead of the police bizarre -RRB- . Plot lines are hopelessly conflated and none of the characters is fully developed.If the Larssen books were too long to put on the screen , the film-makers would have done better to follow the leads of the Harry Potter films and divide the third book into two rather than hopeless butchering the two strongest women characters in fiction in a long time .
 *** MILD SPOILER ALERTS *** `` The Girl Who Kicked The Hornet 's Nest '' ends the Millenium Trilogy , sadly , on a sour note . This is most likely due to two things
 The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo was an addictive and suspenseful thriller . I enjoyed it a lot . The Girl Who Played with Fire was much more convoluted , much less tense , and kind of..melodrama-ish . And then this ... this was just a bad movie.It feels like the last two movies should have been made into mini series rather than a 2 hour film because its clear they are disjointed and difficult to get emotionally involved in .
 Ai n't gon na spend any money buying short version of any films released this way by majors when we know there 's a long version . It 's really a total disrespect for both the public and the film makers . Feel like buying a brand new car with missing wheels , period .
 `` The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet 's Nest , '' is the third in a trilogy of movies based on the three novels written by Swedish novelist Steig Larsson ; the first two being `` The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo '' and `` The Girl Who Played With Fire . '' All three novels , were written by Larsson before being shown to a publisher and were released after his death . As , of course , were the three movies.Right off the bat , `` The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet 's Nest , '' which was directed by Daniel Alfredson , is different from the first two movies , because in `` The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo '' the bisexual/hacker/punk-rock heroine -LRB- or anti-hero if you like -RRB- Lisbeth Salander -LRB- Noomi Repace -RRB- had a huge dragon tattoo on her back , and in `` The Girl Who Played With Fire , '' Salander , does in fact , set her wicked father Alexander Zalachenko on fire , scaring him for life . But in the `` The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet 's Nest , '' there is no hornet 's nest , not did I hear any reference to a hornet 's nest , or even a single hornet . I did n't read the novels , so there may have been a reference made to a hornet 's nest there , which does n't help , or explain the reason for the title of the movie , except that the producers must have felt the need to be true to the written trilogy.So much for the nitpicking about the title . The movie is even more confusing . `` The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet 's Nest '' is by far the least interesting and least exciting of the three movies . In the first two movies , Lizbeth Salander is a piece-of-work , scheming , fighting and sometimes even torturing people . But in `` The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet 's Nest , '' Salander spends the first half of the movie under arrest in a hospital bed , recovering from the injuries she received at the end of `` The Girl Who Played With Fire , '' caused by her father , who she finally managed to kill , and her half brother Ronald Niedermann , who looks like Ivan Drago from the `` Rocky IV . The thread that kept the first two movies flowing was the bond between Salander and journalist Mikael Blomkvist -LRB- Michael Nyqvist -RRB- . Yet in `` The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet 's Nest , '' the two do n't even meet until the last five minutes of the movie.The movie starts with Salander in the hospital , recuperating from her wounds , while a group of evil old men , led by a lying son-of-a-cockroach doctor , try to have her either jailed for the murder of her father , or committed to a mental institution for the rest of her life . While Salander wallows in bed , Blomkvist and his sister -LRB- who is Salander 's lawyer -RRB- try to figure out a way to save Salander and put the cranky old men out of business , whatever that business may be , because it certainly is n't clear in the movie . Then there 's Salander 's trial , where she goes from wearing drab hospital garb , to donning a weird punk/rock leather costume , with her hair piled up in the middle of her head , looking like a female version of Edward Scissorhands on steroids.The only excitement in the entire movie is when Salander catches up with her menacing half - brother Niedermann . After escaping his death clutches in a warehouse , Salander somehow manages to acquire a nail gun , from thin air no less , and from behind , nail Niedermann 's feet to the floor . This scene , which is supposed to be frightful , is actually funny , because Niedermann has an affliction where is his incapable of feeling pain . So instead of screaming , writhing and trying desperately to extricate his feet from the wooden floor , Niedermann looks mildly quizzical and greatly confused , as he shuffles his feet slowly , and not too desperately . Salander then phones a biker gang , who have a score to settle with Niedermann . They supposedly finish him off , which we do n't actually see . That was very disappointing , because seeing Niedermann whacked would have added some excitement and finality to a very dull movie.I gave `` The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo '' 5 out of 5 stars . And I gave `` The Girl Who Played With Fire '' 4 out of five stars . The best I can do for `` The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet 's Nest '' is a very weak 2 stars , and only because Noomi Repace is a riveting actress , who deserved a better screenplay than she was given in this thoroughly disappointing movie .
 The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet 's Nest , 2010 filmThe film begins with a view from an apartment building . Lisbeth is bloody and battered . The police stop for a body in the road ; is he alive ? Very much so . Did the Swedish authorities conspire against Lisbeth Salander to protect a psychopathic killer ? Will the magazine ` Millennium ' expose others ? Will Zalashenko talk too much ? `` Trust no one '' ? Lisbeth tried to kill her father with an axe . -LSB- You ca n't chop your Poppa in Sweden . -RSB- Self - defense ? She needs a lawyer now . A lone gunman in a hospital ? Was he after Lisbeth ? Why ? Friedrich goes to an apartment building to report to his co-conspirators . Who is watching Mikael ? -LSB- Can he note the license plate ? -RSB- A purse snatcher on the street ? An important report ? Lisbeth is getting better . Mikael talks to her doctor . One reporter saw the log of visitors to the Prime Minister that day.Mikael seeks more information from an official . Another man hacked into official computers sfor information . A government agency is investigating a conspiracy in the government . Will he cooperate ? A deal is suggested . The intrigue continues . Lisbeth 's attitude wo n't help her . Niederman has been around . Is there proof for Lisbeth 's autobiography ? Erika gets an anonymous E-mail , again . Lisbeth is examined by a magistrate -LRB- the Civil Law system of Europe -RRB- . She has that DVD for evidence . Erika gets another threat by E-mail . Their telephone conversations are monitored . -LSB- SOP in Europe - no Bill of Rights . -RSB- How much damage can ` Millennium ' do ? Can they damage the credibility of Mikael ? Planted drugs and money ? Two nasty men have been brought into the county . A man with a pistol approaches Mikael ! The police arrive in time . It was part of a frame-up to smear Mikael in a gang shooting . -LSB- Only big money can afford to do this . -RSB- Lisbeth will go to trial ; she could get life in prison . Will she dress up to appear like an average person ? No photographs in the courtroom . The defense rejects the accusations . A closed trial for National Security ? Lisbeth now answers the questions accurately and sanely . Erika wants a vacation . The official doctor classifies her as `` paranoid schizophrenic '' because of her allegations against her guardian Bjurman . He denies Lisbeth 's charges , but the court rule the report out . Does this doctor have a secret ? Can a hacker gather evidence?Lisbeth has a DVD to prove her claims . Her advocate presents new evidence about Doctor Peter Telleborium . His credibility is questioned , his reports were falsified . -LSB- Is n't this often true in many cases ? -RSB- After this he is arrested for child pornography ! The Court will not detain Lisbeth now . That `` Section '' is under arrest now . `` Sell it all and give the money to charity . '' -LSB- Lisbeth is legally sane now . -RSB- She goes to investigate an old building , alone and unarmed . There is a surprise . Can Lisbeth outwit the bad guys ? Will there be a happy ending ? These films attempt to make a heroine out of a violent and mentally-ill person . This story is just too incredible.This seems to be sensationalist series that has little redeeming social value except as an expose of Swedish society , if true . The stories of Per Wahl&ouml;&ouml; and Maj Sj&ouml;wal were much better in providing a background of Swedish life . These films talked about various crimes as prostitution , drug smuggling , gun running , etc. but only dealt with sheltering a defector during the Cold War . Does this refers to some kind of scandal there ? I wasted many hours on these films , and would n't do it if I knew then what I know now .
 Boring , dark film version of the book.Only plus was they had to trim Larson 's meandering , unedited style to fit it all on the screen in two hours.And yet , they missed the illogically seductive Larson style
 This sequel is very slow moving , and never seems to come to an end . No action to speak of , really , until the closing minutes . Most of it is a convoluted exposition of why this punk goth chick is so mad at the world . I got tired of her expressionless looks . And what 's up with the 1980 Goth hair and outfits ? Silly . Maybe that looks tough these days in Sweden . As usual , we have the more than normal coincidences here to help the plot along . If the third film in this series is any slower than this , it will be glacial . Needed a good haircut .
 Like the previous two installments , `` The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet 's Nest '' is flat , unimaginative and pedestrian - three things the novels never came close to being . It 's discouraging to see that the Swedish film adaptations of such unique novels would translate so bluntly to the screen . While all the major plot points are there , this third and final part of the trilogy refuses to have the sizzle that the novel had . Granted , there is an enormous amount of exposition and while it was fascinating in the novel , the film consists of bunch of people sitting around and talking . There was plenty of opportunity to improve on the story and making it just as riveting as the novel -LRB- and this can be said for `` The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo '' and `` The Girl Who Played with Fire '' -RRB- but unfortunately it never happens . The filmmakers were too concerned with such a literal adaptation of Stieg Larsson 's words that they forgot all the possibilities the medium of film had to offer this incredible story .
 This is an amazing movie . I can not believe amazon decided to make the dubbed version free . The movie is horrible with voice overs . I hate to think amazon feels the typical viewer is too lazy to read subtitles .
 For some reason I cannont get my blu ray player to show the movie . It will show the previews and other dvd 's . I have ordered the movie on three separate occasions and would still like to have it but if it will not play on my player , do n't send it .
 After informing `` movies and game store '' of an issue of a blu-ray I purchased . I was told that this was a firmware issue and pretty much have to live with it . The new player firmware is up to date . The used Blu-Ray is either warn out or it 's a poor copy . I will never purchase from this company again and will inform everyone I know to do the same . This store does n't care about customersBut the movie is awesome one of my favorites ... all the store had to do was replace it with another
 I am a vinyl junkie and visit my local indy record stores every chance I get . I had really expected a lot more from the producers of this documentary about the demise of locally owned music stores . They are so incredibily passionate it was easy to get caught up in the tide of it.However it is so sadly and pathetically one sided that it felt incomplete despite the obvious research . There was a sense that the creators cherry picked information to bolster everything they hate about corporate America ... but they never interviewed a single person or group from that side to give this important documentary more nuance and context.Furthermore the guilt for the demise of indy stores can be easily blamed on the faceless evil corporations named in this film but one of the most glaring ommissions was the so called `` music fans '' themselves . Interviewing angry people as a store is closing and you are filming was a little transparent and manipulative . There should have been interviews with so called music fans to find out WHY they shop at the big box stores or download songs illegally and they should have been asked how they could reconcile doing that at the peril of the indies . The corporations are not the only guilty party in this devastating scenario.This film only scratched the upper surface of the issue and it will be good as a discussion STARTER but it could have been so much better if the producers would have set aside their obvious bias and really presented a more well rounded and balanced view on the business of music .
 Sorry to say that this is a disappointing effort here . Why was so much time spent on major labels ? This was supposed to be about independent record stores . How did they lose their customers ? Pretty much due to the technology that allows you to read this review on Amazon.com . They finally got to this point . They also mention Dischord 's low pricing model . One former independent record store 's owner that was an old friend , used to bristle at their `` pay no more than $ x.xx for this record '' as it did not allow him to get sufficient profit margin to make it worthwhile to stock and sell . Dischord is mostly a positive force , but this is just another example that you wo n't always hear in these types of films . This is a very complex subject and rather than just have musicians whine about big business and accountants , maybe a few of them should be interviewed . The comic book store owner was one of the few guys that looked like he had the skills to identify problems AND have the skills and heart to stay in business . Ultimately , we Amazon shoppers are not doing our part to keep stores in business . I balance my buying among many sources , but have mostly chosen independent internet sales people that may or may not have an indie storefront . I shop around the world and yes , that takes away some business from my local store . But I will always shop there , too .
 This movie is a pretentious load of patronizing piddle and poppycock . You have got to be kidding me.It is a movie inhabited by the same sort of characters you find in hipster rock 'n' roll bars across the country
 Incompetent Inspector Clouseau is smitten by Elke Sommer 's in her role as a pretty maid and determined to prove her innocent of the charge of shooting her lover , despite evidence that indicates otherwise . After an infinity of pratfalls and additional murders , Clouseau comes up with a plan that ` works ' - shutting off the lights while all the suspects are in the room waiting for him to announce the guilty party . Supposedly the guilty party will then identify himself/herself by leaving the room . Instead , all the murderers are identified at once -LRB- so fast one ca n't follow or make sense of the dialogue -RRB- as the various parties accuse each other , then run outside into a car that has been wired to explode , intending to kill Clouseau . So , all the suspects are dead , and we reach the end of a boring movie .
 This entire thing was a stupid waste of time . Once I saw that it was not an actual film , but some half-assed attempt to get me to buy the film , I was gone .
 Fake crap , unrealistic everything , especially her . I 'm disappointed she made this movie , sorry . It 's not just her either , the whole movie sucked .
 I love that we can download music so fast and it is available online for free storage and great service .
 Why the hell would anyone pay for a long movie trailer for a movie that did not so that well at the box office ?
 movie looks great , i 'm sorry but this lady just gets more attractive as she gets older if that is even possible . Ca n't wait to see the movie .
 Angelina Jolie plays a too-cool-for-the-room superspy . Great for people who have n't figured out the cold war is over . The movie is a strung together series of stereotypes and cliches and the acting is over-the-top stupid-serious .
 Looks like the actual movie but it 's a documentary . Do n't waste your time unless you are into extra features with no actual content .
 This is perhaps the biggest piece of garbage that I have ever tried to watch . After 3 minutes I HAD to turn it off . Who in their right mind would buy this ?
 First of all angelina never was hot and this mvoie needs a plot . Totally lame done over a weekend hunk of crap shown in big theaters . LAme lame leaaamee
 Do n't waste your time or money on this.Anje needs to go back to her old style of flicks.This one is lousy .
 just a trailer , nothing more , so it really sucked , you can watch that even on you tube , no need to be a member here
 Where are the movies you promised us . The girl with the dragon tatoo is great , but this is not `` thousands of movies '' . There ought to be a little truth in your advertising . Does n't Bezos have enough money yet ? Think of TCM . Turner does n't even ask for recognition for what he has done . You guys ought to be ashamed of yourselves !
 THis trailer-featurette is all about Angelina Jolie . I heard zip in this modified trailer about how great the writer was , the script was , the stuntmen were , the producer was , the director was , the craft services were , just about what a freaking heroine we have in Angelina . Faster than a speeding bullet , able to leap tall buildings in a single bound , more powerful than a locomotive - we have absolutely NO idea what this film is about , and we finally decided we would never pay to see it anyway , do n't care for her and her mega publicity machine . Sense a possible backlash , holding my finger to the wind , it 's on its way to let her know the world is tired of her UN mission to achieve more photo ops with dying mothers handing their babies over to Saint . Ange to raise as her own . Also tired of her hunt for awards for her slightly bad directorial debut .
 I thought it was the movie - just a trailer . Do n't waste your time , it 's just a come on to buy the movie .
 This sucked . I thought it was the movie and I wanted to see it again , but it was just a documentary .
 The name of the product implies this is the full movie , but this is just a 9 minute trailer and not a very interesting at that.The movie itself was quite entertaining if you accept from the start that a lot of it is not believable and/or silly . My wife liked the movie . I thought it was OK , I enjoyed the `` bad Russians '' - nice throw back to the 80 's .
 There was a lot of action , as well as twist and turns . Angelina Jolie is a tough ass , as usual , but while salt was definitely entertaining to watch , the storyline was a dry , done , and out-dated . I mean Russian spies in 2010 ?!? Come on ... It left a lot to be desired .
 This is a nothing video . I used it to test the video download for my set up since it is just a short promotional video .
 I know this kind of stories is not supposed to be realistic or logical , but this movie took it to the extreme . there is a lot of exaggeration and Mountains of lies and inconsistency in the steps of the story structure , the movie illogically present an intelligence-grade trained woman playing with the strongest nation intelligence and power as if it was a toy in her hand!it was a stupid movie , of course my review does not include the pretty Actress who did more than well for her part .
 I thought I was getting the movie , but it 's not just some little clip . With a $ 79 prime membership you would think you would . But I did n't . Guess I will be staying with Hulu and Netflix from now on .
 can I give it less ? So bad I do n't remember ANY of it . It was n't even worth what I paid for it ... and it was free
 I thought this was the whole movie . realized all these FREE movies are just trailers or extras that were probably on the DVDs .
 All it is is the preview . This is not the actual movie . You can watch this on youtube if you want to . Not worth adding to your collection .
 I wish i had never rented this movie it really was a waste of my time and money . Just sucked ,
 this is not a movie it is just apreview on how to make the movie would like my money back ya need to put my money for all this items on one card i still do not have any thing from ya in my email account at phyllislopez685 @ yahoo.com
 tHOUGHT IT WAS THE MOVIE NOT A COMMERCIAL . New to prime so i will try again . Maybe it was me .
 Again I thought I was buying the movie . Jolie is quite talented and this behind the scences preview shows a bit of how hard actors work .
 I thought I was getting ready to watch the movie and instead it was the featurette , I was disappointed to say the least . Next time I will read more carefully .
 it was n't what I wanted . turned out to be just some sample of the movie.Samples was n't what I was after .
 I paid for Amazon prime thinking I will get free movies like Netflix . This one turned out to be just a preview , not the real movie .
 never able to find it to watch it . have no idea where it is . perhaps it 's already expired . Oh well .
 Thought this was a movie . They do not mention on the runtime on the main page ... Amazon Instant is terrible ... having issues with it on my TV
 Hated it and would suggest she get on with being a mother and I do n't mean it is a bad way .
 I wanted to see the full movie . I only got the nine minute preview . I was very , very , frustrated by the experience .
 she 's like the female tom cruise - does movies only if they play the lead that has no flaws and can not be killed . she 's as cheesy as tom cruise . at least tom cruise can make his movies a little entertaining since he does some impressive stunts here and there . well go figure ... this movie was originally written for tom cruise but they rewrote it for angelina jolie.this came on one of my premium movie channels and i called my provider to complain because the entire lineup for a couple days in a row was Salt Salt Salt and they gave me a few pay per view certificates to watch something else.if you like Angelina Jolie you might enjoy it . I 'll be honest but I do n't see what the big deal is about her . She is n't entertaining to me . She is beautiful at times but if you have to look at her for an extended period of time ... the lips can get awkward .
 Talk about waste of bandwidth , or waste of time . Nothing this featurette provided was new or worth the time to watch .
 thought it was the movie ... disappointed . I would not recommend this to anyone . I hope that others know what a &#34; Featurette &#34; is .
 The problem with this so-called video , featured as a Prime free to watch `` movie '' , is that it is not a movie at all . It is merely the trailer , an advertisement for the real thing -LRB- which would probably be quite good -RRB- . But this trailer is free to watch anyway . No one charges for trailers . I am disappointed because its offer is just hype for Prime . And Prime does not offer the actual S A L T video for $ 0 . Prime did not inform me its runtime was only 9 minutes until after purchase .
 Jolie looks like a giant creepy fish and i 'm not sure why I watched all of two seconds of this .
 I wish they would categorize the types separately so that I would n't have to wade through all the featurettes and interviews . It was kind of fun but I still never found what I was really looking for in the short amount of time that I had . This product actually has nothing wrong with it and is really good for what it is , but using the movie poster presents it as another product than a featurette so it gets the review for what it is presented as . I understand the fact that it does say that it is a featurette , but I went to the site to see a movie , not to read a ton of subtitles just to locate what I thought I thought i 'd have time to watch ... end of soapbox sermon .
 This one started off with potential but turned pretty quickly into a very predictable and nonsensical movie . It is work a buck or two to watch but not worth buying .
 Its a trailer ! I thought I was getting a deal on the movie.I ca n't think of anything else to say .
 If you are looking for a good action movie look elsewhere . If you like Angelina regardless of the movie , enjoy ! The movie 's story is weak , and you can not build a good action movie only on the looks of the main actress who is supposed to look tough for the movie .
 Well I knew what this was going to be I am long time Thievery fan and you can hear their opinions in their lyrics but after watching this I came to the conclusion that Eric Hilton needs to stick to music . It starts out with a Rastafarian guy talking about how all the people in business suits walking to and fro are just a bunch of crickets that they are not enlightened because they do n't want to smoke weed all day long on a park bench . After that it devolves into the usual America is evil because we use oil and oil runs everything yawn , that is original . The main characters are a music loving DJ/courier and his sidekick , the DJ is a courier for a DC lobbying firm . The DJ loses a package which contains a dossier about Saudi 's divesting in the dollar . Of course the NSA and CIA get involved and it turns into a misplaced spy chase . The scenes and ideas are very cliche you have seen it a hundred times with better plots , the acting is subpar and the music is old -LRB- if your a Thievery fan , nothing new -RRB- . At some point during the movie you start to wonder if its just a bunch of 18th Street Lounge marketing the amount of Richest Man in Babylon bulls eyes viewed in the movie becomes very redundant . After that you realize did n't these guys glorify the Jet Set Society in their compilation `` Jet Society '' , with images of Lear Jets , cocktails , and Dossier all over the place . And then you start to conjure up images of two guys in tailored suits on stage then you realize its a case of do as we say not as we do . Every image Thievery Corporation puts out is of consumerism , meaning the use of lots of oil to fly around on Lear Jets and expensive tailored suits mixed with revolution . The ideas and images they are putting out are kinda cool ... you know spy 's , lear jets , cocktails , high fashion and revolution but it does n't make sense any real world setting . This should have been scaled back to a music video or they could have used it as visual background to the music during a concert but , as a movie that makes sense definitely not unless you get off on a bunch of hypocrisy . It 's Eric Hilton 's unformed thoughts attempting to be formed into a cohesive movie plot . Do n't get me wrong I love their music , I try to ignore the message but the music is cool.Their political ideas sound nice on paper but do not work in reality , at least not until a solar powered Lear Jet is invented , and everyone stops using oil and money and everyone decides that the best form of living is sitting around smoking weed and listening to records on record players powered by wind and the Saudi 's start letting their women become westernized and dress in designer clothing and designers start offering their clothing for free or next to nothing because otherwise you would need money and if they did charge for designer clothing you would n't be able to afford the clothes and if you decided to get a job you would just be a stupid cricket working you finger to the bone of course you would need some oil to fill up the gas in your car or the bus you take to work would need oil but , oh yeah - oil is evil and so we need to have a revolution so we wo n't have to use oil or money . WTF are these guys smoking .
 Proof of my fanship
 I must be dense because I did not get it . I watched 3/4 of the movie and could not take it any longer and had to turn it off . I do n't see why so many gave a five star rating to this movie .
 How anyone can deem this silly movie `` Brilliant '' is beyond me . It was deliberately confusing , and often boring . The sex scenes were unpleasant , and frequent enough , I think , to ensure that this film never finds a wide audience . The characters were unbelieveable , their actions gratuitous and cliched . This movie might appeal to an audience looking specifically for a `` gay '' movie , but if you 're looking for a GOOD movie , keep looking . -LRB- If you want a good `` gay '' movie , try `` A Man of No Importance , '' with Albert Finney . It is a character-driven movie , not an agenda-driven one . -RRB-
 I do n't know what the previous reviewers saw that I missed . I did n't notice any groundbreaking acting or storytelling . In fact , the screenplay is very poor and is rather like a mosquito net full of holes ... it 's there , but not good for much of anything . The urban legends thing has been done ... and with much more entertainment quality ... I 'd even prefer Urban Legends to this lousy flick . If you like artsy -LRB- but not pretty -RRB- cinematography , there is definitely something there . My recommendation
 To put it succinctly , this movie -LRB- is not good -RRB- . Do n't be fooled by the positive reviews as I was . Yes it 's a gay-theme film with some attractive bodies but you 'll be giving up 105 minutes of your life that you 'll never have back . It 's predictable , boring and ultimately depressing.All in all , a horrible excuse for entertainment .
 I , unlike most people who seemingly love this movie , did not find it very appealing at all . i took a viewing of this movie based on all of the reviews i have read , but the movie dragged . i was not kept in suspense by the ` urban legends ' that were suppose to move me . and though daniel futterman did a wonderful job playing his role , i do n't think he was given enough around him to help the movie move beyond bland.try and borrow a copy from someone . save money for a real gem .
 This is the worst serious movie I have seen in years . It 's non-narrative exists on a continuum between boring and loathesome.If you dig homoerotic sex scenes , you MIGHT be able to withstand the long , talky , weepy scenes that separate them , scenes in which men talk sensitively with one another about their feelings , their relationships , their disappointments , about `` us , what we had . '' This movie is Oprah with chest hair . The dialogue is not witty ; it is persistently unclever , despite the attempts at spooky subtleties , and the corner-of-the-eye observations of urban legends -LRB- the point of which remains obscure -RRB- . Here 's an example of the shamefully trite dialogue the filmmakers torment us with . Charlie and his anonymous pickup are lying in bed , and Charlie confides , `` I 'm afraid that if I stay in your space , you 'll be in my dreams . '' Really ! BARF ! Soap opera pablum . Can you imagine John Wayne saying something like this ? No , and for good reason . It 's shameful to hear words like these come out of a man 's mouth!Charlie finds the `` friend '' he is looking for , a vicious homophobe who , OF COURSE , is really a gay who has n't acknowledged this to himself yet ... Yes , THAT old cliche . I really ca n't say more without giving the ending away ... let me just say that when you think this movie ca n't get any worse , it does . And then it goes back to boring.Okay , there are a couple of funny moments . Charlie runs into his neighbors during his peregrinations around town . These neighbors interest him because he digs listening to them have noisy sex upstairs . But when he meets them , and bumptiously invites himself to sit down , he proceeds to taunt them , eventually telling them that he hears them going at it . Then he berates them for so noisily `` forcing your lifestyle down everybody 's throat . '' Get it ? Okay , so it 's not hilarious.The other amusing moment comes when he goes into a camera shop , where a grating woman is describing to the black clerk how `` natives '' broke into her hotel room in Jamaica and stole everything but her toothbrush and her camera . Out in the street , she looks at the vacation pix she has just picked up , and , lo , the burglars had photographed themselves scrubbing an unmentionable part of their anatomies with her toothbrush.But that was it . There is NOTHING else in this movie worth seeing -LRB- and it 's even arguable , I suppose , that those two scenes are . -RRB- This movie is a real dog . Do yourself a favor
 I rented this movie at the behest of a colleague -- yes , a gay colleague -- who raved about it ... Last time I trust HIM to recommend a movie ! I rented it , and was very disappointed . ... Those who love it seem to object to this movie being judged as an `` agenda flick . `` But it seems entirely fair to judge it as an agenda flick because it IS and agenda flick . So whether you love this movie , or hate it , may depend largely on whether you like your movies to be agenda-oriented , and , I suppose , on whether you are sympathetic to the agenda.I seriously doubt , though , that any discerning person who is not MAUDLINLY -LRB- is that a word ? -RRB- sympathetic with the the anti- `` homophobia '' agenda this movie promotes can fairly call this a good movie . Without its agenda , it is simply bad art . -LRB- -LSB- heck -RSB- , it 's bad art anyway . -RRB- It 's full of cliches , needless obscurantism , utterly horrible dialogue , sentimentality , and mediocre performances
 This was a truly awful film . Everything from the pacing to the story , to the conclusion left me bored & aggrivated.Also , i just do n't buy Dan Futterman as gay . I just do n't see it . & i only bought it because Matt Keeslar is in it , but he ends up dying , so why bother ? & can someone please tell me why Alan Cumming was even in this film?He had nothing to do with anything except be a link between Futterman & Keeslar , & an unimportant one @ that.The fact that it got no press when it was released has not so much to do with the fact that it was a gay art film , but for the fact that it was down right unwatchable . & on the cover it has some random quote reading , `` The best movie out there period . `` What-a-lie .
 Pretty Persuasion is anything but pretty . I was only interested in this film because I think Evan Rachel Wood is a natural talent . Her performance in this film is great but the movie is a total disaster . I just could n't stand how calculated and lifeless this film was , tries to come off as a clever satire but does n't work on any level . Some of the dialogue and overtly sexual nature seemed forced . I did not laugh once and could not wait for this `` dark comedy '' to be over , avoid this stinker at all costs !
 Kimberly Joyce , a teen raised in a privileged California community - is a one-woman weapon of mass destruction . Insatiable and manipulative , she conspires with two of her friends to destroy one of her high-school teachers - a likely pederast played by Ron Livingston . While the plot plays out in a virtually futile court battle charging Livingston 's character with sexual molestation , much of the story display 's Kimberly 's unsavory attitudes and her talent for maneuvering her friends like chess pieces . Aspiring to become an actress , Kimberly has no inner self - she lies , maneuvers and curses . Her father -LRB- James Woods -RRB- is an out-and-out racist whose angry platitudes are softened and yet made more lethal in Kimberly . Yet Kimberly is not primarily racist as simply misanthropic ; celebrity is n't her top ambition either . You 'll have to wait the entire film to realize what her deepest desire is and how many must suffer before she achieves it.This was a horrible movie - not even a close call . Remember `` Wild Things '' ? That movie centered on sexual exploitation as well - with the plot driven by conflicting agendas of the conspirators -LRB- we were always supposed to wonder about who was really fooling who -RRB- . In `` Persuasion '' , we know who the puppet master is - all the characters are transparent , even when they 're lying . Played by Evan Rachel Wood , Kimberly looks like a brunette version of one of those kids from `` Village of the Damned '' . Instead of noir mystery , `` Persuasion '' offers up a pre-packaged indictment of America - it 's a sort of hall-of-mirrors version of everything wrong with our country , with each of the characters reflecting a given flaw of our national conscious . There are no sympathetic characters - Livingston 's character may be a pederast after all ; Kimberly exploits a narcissistic television reporter who seems to have it coming ; all of Kimberly 's friends are low-wattage versions of her - which is to say that they 're amateur manipulators.While the population of unsavory types would n't doom the movie , the problem is that none of these characters is remotely believable . All of the teens spout the sort of lines that teens only say in rip-offs of `` Dawson 's Creek '' -LRB- `` My God , Brittany , it 's like the world is this orchestra and I 'm the conductor '' -RRB- or anything else directed by Kevin Williamson , and exist only to confirm our cynical Hollywood-driven prejudices of American culture - which is that we 're ever so much more selfish and boorish than the people who write these movies . The flick proceeds on a set of incomprehensible and forced plot-twists which pose no surprise other than shocking you with the ends the script will go to suspend your sense of disbelief and then slap you upside the face for buying its characters ' dim homilies . Towards the end , the immigrant father of a schoolmate tragically swept by Kimberly 's plot is heard to sob `` We came for the American Dream , and found only a nightmare ! '' I came looking for a sharp movie , and found only a dull mess .
 I did n't know much about this movie when I rented , simply that it was a black comedy and had Evan Rachel Wood in it . I thought it tried WAY to hard to be controversial with the excessive racial slurs and sexual diaologue . What was with the '' you f**k the dog '' comments to Wood 's stepmother ? Totally out of the blue and not funny . Anyway , the movie 's about a spoiled rich girl in a Mean Girls type highschool . Same type of issues as Wild Things , two girls trying to get their teacher falsey accused of sexual assault . This movie was not very clever or particularly interesting . The only thing it did to try to separate itself from Wild Things/Mean Girls was the ridiculous amount of racist and dirty talk . I found it to be pretty boring and most of the laughing I did was uncomfortable , not-sure-how-to-take the jokes laughing . Aside from the poor writing , Evan Rachel Wood played a great villain . She 's a great actress , I 'm suprised she chose to do a movie like this though .
 I paid $ 3.00 for this 110 minutes of brain cell destroying material . This has got to be one of the worst movies ever made . Horrible script that has not a single likable character . I really do n't know what to say about this movie . I would not recommend it , I hope parents do n't let their kids watch it and I am sorry I watched it . Now , if you want a free copy just find the dumpster that I am about to deposit it in .
 ... who 's radiant and great and really makes an admirable effort with the material , even though the script is tone-deaf , smug , obvious , contrived and trying way too hard to be shocking.Listening to the author 's hamfisted , heavy-handed , wrong-headed attempts at satire is like listening to a guitarist play with strings that are all out of order and out of tune.The only reason this film rates any comparison at all to `` Heathers '' or `` Lord Love a Duck '' is because it really wants to be the '05 version of those dark little classics.The film 's main inspiration , though , is clearly Alexander Payne 's `` Election . '' The only problem is `` Election '' -- with its brilliant , dead-on combination of Stanley Kubrick and John Hughes -- does n't need a little sister , especially one of `` Persuasion 's '' synthetic ilk . If you watched this and thought it was good , see `` Election , '' because you 're in for a better , bitter little treat .
 I watched about 10 minutes of this and then decided this was the worst movie ever made . I lost all respect for the writers , producers and actors , particularly Evan Rachel Wood , for being associated with this tasteless piece of trash . Run screaming from any showing . It seeks to shock with pornographic and racist dialogue , but all you can feel is dumbfounded that the `` creators '' -- and that 's giving them more credit than they 're due -- apparently believed that obscenity without any redeeming social value becomes satire if it is extreme enough.This film had as much intelligence as three-year-olds seeking shock value with potty mouthed rantings . Boring , crude , and insulting to anyone of even minimal intelligence -- in fact , I think the dog in the movie was the only one who came out of this production with any integrity . And that 's because it was the only one who had no choice about in being involved in it.Watching anything else -- bread rise , dust gather , paint dry -- would be a better use of your time than giving this even ten minutes
 My attention towards this movie was first caught in a review written in `` Video Business Magazine '' that said that Pretty Pesuasion was a movie that we would get if John Waters had directed Heathers . They also compared it to another one of my all time favorite comedies , Election . So when I saw this available on DVD for rental , I picked it up -LRB- and it was a free rental , thankfully . -RRB- What would I compare this movie to ? Perhaps a little of Wild Things meets Mean Girls meets a train wreck . It 's hardly a break through role for Evan Rachel Wood -LRB- Thirteen did that for her nicely , thanks -RRB- and the rest of the cast just meanders about on screen aimlessly , as if waiting for some competent direction Marcos Siega , but Marcos does n't succeed in the transition from music video/tv episode director to movie director very well . If this movie had been shortened to an hour long pilot for a TV show , it would have worked so much better . However , as a feature length movie , it 's too long.James Woods is quite interesting in his role as Hank Joyce , but his character , like so many others in the movie , are not fleshed out enough for me to care about them . I hardly even care for Evan Rachel Wood 's character , but am I supposed to ? She is a horror of a human in this movie , and the most sympathy I feel is for the characters around her , particularly in the characters of Britney and especially Randa.It 's listed as a comedy , but there are too many depressing things in this movie to make it even a good black comedy . I wo n't go into too much in my review , as I do n't want to write any spoilers , but one scene in particular towards the end -LRB- and if you have seen it , you should know what I am talking about -RRB- is devastating , and for what little laughs were in the film , it makes you forget any `` comedy '' you saw before then .
 The part when the chickenhead girlfriend is GOING OFF on her cheating man on the street corner ... OMG ! ROTFLMFAO !!! I can not stop repeating that scene over and over and over . Who is the crazy lady that played her ? She needs her own movie or an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Chickenhead in a feature film . If you liked Kim Wayans in I 'm Gon na Git You Sucka when she was rolling on the floor singing `` When The Saints Go Marching In , '' you 'll LOVE this part . Other than that , the movie is bunk .
 No comments on the film , but the DVD is probably not a good choice for anyone who has seen this film before , even if only on T.V.One of the best scenes , the dinner in the Chinese restaurant is hacked up and missing my favorite lines in the film . Also , for anyone watching with Spanish audio track engaged , the dub of the conversation between Bunz and Lysterine is in Spanish and not Chinese . Kinda blows the point of that sketch . I guess one needs to beware of DVD 's from Columbia Pictures as much as those from Disney .
 This is got to be the stupidest film I 've ever seen . I am surprized that Vivica Fox , who is a reputable actress , even consented to do this movie . The only good thing about it is the lengths these guys were going to to get condoms . Other than the safe sex message , this film is wack . They should have just called it BOOTY , 'cause that 's what it is .
 Jamie Foxx has his moment or two same goes for Tommy Davidson.but overall this is a bad film.it lacks good humor overall.it 's one of those after 1 : am movies when you have nothing else better to do or watch .
 I bought this movie for a friend who just loved it . I on the other hand think it was mediocre . Other than a handful of funny `` one-liners '' this movie leaves little to be desired . High point of the movie , almost seeing Vivica A. Fox naked ... almost .
 A pair of stupid men are anxious to get laid . A pair of girls are willing enough , and surprisingly supportive considering how amazingly stupid the guys are . They wrap themselves in plastic wrap as a form of birth control . This made you laugh ? It 's so dumb . Does dumb mean funny ? I guess so , to some people . The point seems to be that no matter how stupid a guy is , he is entitled to get serviced by girls he is n't marrying . Yeah , okay , but where are the laughs ?
 This video looks like it was put together with still shots -LRB- yes , a slideshow -RRB- and someone 's homemade movies . It 's a deplorable waste of money . There is no dialog , just a series of stitched together music clips . Get this
 I figured for 6 dollars what could it hurt ; I 've wasted more money on worse things and since I am in Iraq with little to do with the little time I have to myself I figured what could it hurt . Well , not only was it a waste of 6 dollars it was a waste of the hour I spent watching part of it ... yes , I could not watch it all . Way to boring and way to ... `` odd '' for me ; and I 've sat through some pretty boring movies and stayed till the end . Us the 6 dollars and buy a plant ; help the ozone .
 `` Star Knight '' , made in the mid 80 's in Spain as `` El Caballero del Drag&oacute;n '' , is predictable , pretentious , and ponderous , while simultaneously being ridiculous and silly . Starring Harvey Keitel and Klaus Kinski among a cast of thousands of other people you 've never heard of , the film is about a man in a space suit who comes to earth in a giant UFO and falls in love with a medieval princess , creating an awkward love triangle . This , of course , sets up the film to have the humans of old think the UFO is a dragon , and through much telepathic conversation -LRB- and contrived exposition -RRB- leads to what may be the most ridiculous duel in screen history . The special effects are laughable -LRB- I especially like the `` glowing head '' effect -RRB- , although the costumes are interesting.The film has many lessons to teach
 I bought this DVD after thinking about it for a few weeks and was not expecting much , . . and basically that is what I got out of it . This movie must have been filmed in Spain a number of years ago . It was funny like a Monty Python type of movie . Harvey Kitel must be willing to appear in almost any type of film . The quality was really poor , the Alien and his Dragon spaceship I suppose were different from recent Alien movies I watch , he was a spaceman who resembled David Bowie . It was really a dumb movie . If you are not expecting a blockbuster movie and really like spanish directors , actors , producers and scenery , and please do not compare with any King Authur Knight movies , ... check it out , like I say it is like a Monty Python movie .
 `` Star Knight '' , made in the mid 80 's in Spain as `` El Caballero del Drag&oacute;n '' , is predictable , pretentious , and ponderous , while simultaneously being ridiculous and silly . Starring Harvey Keitel and Klaus Kinski among a cast of thousands of other people you 've never heard of , the film is about a man in a space suit who comes to earth in a giant UFO and falls in love with a medieval princess , creating an awkward love triangle . This , of course , sets up the film to have the humans of old think the UFO is a dragon , and through much telepathic conversation -LRB- and contrived exposition -RRB- leads to what may be the most ridiculous duel in screen history . The special effects are laughable -LRB- I especially like the `` glowing head '' effect -RRB- , although the costumes are interesting.The film has many lessons to teach
 MST-3000 missed this film . The basic story line
 `` Star Knight '' , made in the mid 80 's in Spain as `` El Caballero del Drag&oacute;n '' , is predictable , pretentious , and ponderous , while simultaneously being ridiculous and silly . Starring Harvey Keitel and Klaus Kinski among a cast of thousands of other people you 've never heard of , the film is about a man in a space suit who comes to earth in a giant UFO and falls in love with a medieval princess , creating an awkward love triangle . This , of course , sets up the film to have the humans of old think the UFO is a dragon , and through much telepathic conversation -LRB- and contrived exposition -RRB- leads to what may be the most ridiculous duel in screen history . The special effects are laughable -LRB- I especially like the `` glowing head '' effect -RRB- , although the costumes are interesting.The film has many lessons to teach
 Most people with anything to compare Star Knight to would probably give it the lowest rating possible , not only for its B-quality , but also for being so undecided in what it 's trying to be . The film is medieval fantasy juxtaposed with science fiction . That 's fine . But stuffed into the script are elements of a special-FX flick , a slapstick comedy , a martial arts movie , a fairy tale , and a sci-fi drama , but none of the above being particularly good . This mish-mash is primo material for Mystery Science 3000 . Thinking that Star Knight is just odd enough to have a cult following , I checked online for evidence and found only a few mentions , including two rather glowing reviews . One even praised the special effects , done in 1992 , though they looked to me to be the same vintage as Zardoz -LRB- 1974 -RRB- . But while Star Knight is a totally negligible film on its own terms , it does have some potentially interesting aspects for strange-film buffs.The story opens on medieval times
 I honestly am of the opinion that this is one of , if not / the worst / movie in history , and I love it for that . This movie is literally so awful that the only thing you can possibly do with it is ... hype the movie up and invite your friends over for a bit of audio-visual torture .
 Well , it 's finally happened . I found a movie that is even worse than Plan 9 From Outer Space . This has got to be the worst movie ever made , hands down . I recommend it for those nights when you just ca n't seem to get to sleep . Put this on the VCR or DVD and it is almost guaranteed you wo n't be awake to see the middle of it much less the ending . The perfect sleeping aid for all you insomniacs out there .
 A nifty little movie with a flying saucer visiting the world of knights & wizards in old Europe . Good actors , Okay movie . Unfortunately there is a flaw , and it is a huge one . The producer 's of this DVD should have spent a little more time on it . The audio and video do n't track together , with the audio being about one second ahead of the visual . This renders the entire movie into bad comedic farce . Unfortunately the effect is not entertaining , but rather is a headache . I would have to recomend that you avoid this film , at least until some other company creates a viewable version .
 Seeing there were only three reviews and all about not being able to play , I figured that possibly the issue would be fixed by now . I was wrong ! It only goes as far as showing the BBC screen , then just goes to black .
 I am so Disappointed this does n't play . Like others , it loads the BBC screen then defaults to the home screen of my Sony BDP-S570 . I was unaware of coding and the regional issues when I purchased this .
 Like the other review mentioned , these disks do n't work . It loads up to the BBC logo , then freezes . I thought it was a region code issue , but the disk is region free .
 I 've tried playing this product several times in my Blu-ray player . The BBC logo will pop up but no content afterwards will play .
 The DVD was scratched I had to skip chapters . Movie was not as discribed ! Very fustrating when we where trying to watch it .
 This film does deserve credit for the outstanding performances done but it 's cast most of whom are newcomers . The film sadly in many ways is a modern day latino incantation of the Blaxploitation genre of film of the 1970 's . Noble and heroic latino/hispanic people unite and trimumph over the evil anglo/white people . The film is loaded with false stereotypes many young and often uneducated urban latinos have of anglo whites . Given the current climate in the country over immigration I would not show this film to young people if I were a parent of any race or ethnicity .
 I wish I could see the closed captions or subtitle for profound deaf/hard of hearing audience . Amazon has failed to meet the ADA requirements .
 This is nothing like the first Like Mike . It 's like a TV copy . Lame.Lil Bow-wow made the first one much better .
 If you must see this wait until it is a freebie . The first Like Mike was an enjoyable movie . My 11 year old nephew rents movies when visiting and he lost interest in the movie halfway through it .
 This film had one good intention
 Sorry , Harrelson and Snipes have their moments , but Jennifer Lopez is notbelievable for a moment . Robert Blake is so over the top that he must have thought it was a serious movie . But above everything else , this film looked and sounded like it was being made up as it went along !
 This movie , complete with dull humor and a sick plot , seem 's to me , not so much about a race to rob a train , but a race to see who can say the F-word more in an hour and a-half .
 THIS FILM IS NOT VERY ENTERTAINING AND WILL DEFINITELY NOT PLEASE ACTION FANS . THE ACTION SCENES IN THIS FILM ARE MUNDANE . HIGHLY UNRECOMMENDED .
 Not only did they mess up on the Subway legend ... but the way that they just fabricated technical details about a subway train , ruined the movie for me . Subway trains have AIR BRAKES . You can not `` bleed '' air brakes . A subway train can not repeatedly ram into the back of another train . It 's not even supposed to be THAT close to another train without the air brakes going `` into emergency '' , thereby stopping the train cold . The reverser ? A `` stick-shift '' ? LOL ! Too much.This is for fans of Wesley , Woody or J-Lo . Otherwise , do yourself a favor ... stay away from this film , and buy `` The Taking Of Pelham 123 '' with Walter Matthau and Robert Shaw . It is an INFINITELY better film , and much more satisfying . GUARANTEED !!!
 take 2 ugly men and toss in an overhyped horrible singer/actress and youve got another razzie.minus j-lo and this might have been a 2 star movie .
 the script is garbage ... as if they made it up as they were going along -LRB- the amount of production goofs prove it -RRB- ... even a golf ball knows you can stop a train by killing the power to the third rail ... the subway chase scene ? ... catching a train on a motorcycle ? ... the two trains ramming at high speed ? ugh hello !!! this movie was a complete waste of time and to be avoided at all costs ... if your into trains by any means , dig into the archives and discover `` the taking of pelham one two three ''
 If this were a cartoon , then it would at least not have the pretension of being something that it 's not
 I picked up this title expecting that any product associated with the Outlaw Star universe -LRB- which I loved -RRB- could not go wrong . I was mistaken.As an anime , Angel Links is extremely `` girly , '' complete with a bright pink logo , a small , Pokemon-like bat-mouse that lives in the main character 's ... and magically turns into a sword -LRB- I 'm not making this up -RRB- , and a deputy commander so effeminate he makes Tuxedo Mask look like Ted Nugent . Add to this the main character 's romantic interest -- a willowy , sensitive businessman who builds orphanages and saves children -- and a guest character who spends all his time looking wistfully at pictures of his baby , and you have the Harper 's Romance of anime.These elements are not necessarily bad things , by themselves -- if you happen to be a twelve year old girl , you may very well love the show to pieces -- but the series does n't really offer much beyond that . The Angel Links is more or less invulnerable during space combat , and the only time the main characters are in any danger is when they leave the ship . The Angel Links also features the `` Links Cannon , '' which is the Rouroni Kenshin of space weapons -- one shot and the enemies are all out of commission . The first three episodes generally feature the Angel Links effortlessly trouncing enemies one after another , all without breaking a sweat . Not very dramatic . It does n't help that the `` launch sequence '' and `` Link Cannon blow-em-up sequence '' are recycled once or twice an episode , giving it a cheap , stock-footage feel.Even though the first disc features only four episodes , characterization is next to nil . Lei Meifong runs around being cute and playing with the little creature who lives between her ... -- the rest of the crew mostly bark orders or stand around looking confident as the Links Cannon sends off another wave of explosions . To top it off , the best character from the Angel Links cameo of Outlaw Star , Duuz , does nothing but stand around polishing his sword -- there is an amusing bit featuring Duuz scaring some small children , but that 's not really worth the price of admission.I gave this show the best shot I could , knowing that many series have a slow start and take a while to get going -- but Angel Links is so dismal that I doubt I 'll ever watch it again , much less pick up the second disc in a faint hope that it will get better.By itself , Angel Links is a mediocre title with little to offer . It 's not poorly made or badly executed , it 's just dull and uninteresting . In comparison to Outlaw Star , it comes out looking much worse .
 The main theme to this show is `` how much can we make a show ... ? '' . Here 's an idea , let 's make a series with an okay cast , except let 's make the main character as annoying as possible . And if the ship ever sinks into water , she needs to hold it up somehow ... . Wow ... . I never thought of that before ... . flotation devices ... . what a great idea ... . Mmmmm orbs ... . Okay , seriously , I did not enjoy Angel Links . The animation of this series is sub-par . In comparison to Outlaw Star this series is worthless . If you enjoyed Outlaw Star , you wo n't like Angel Links . Look at the one freaking dude that gave this show 4 stars ... . He apparently loves the novels ... . Which has what to do with the animation ? I loved the book Starship Troopers ... Ever see the movie ? I think you get my point .
 Angel Links is a rather ordinary space adventure show about a 16-year old girl with a profoundly out-of-the-ordinary bustline . That 's the first of many bad choices in this show
 Here is one of those movies where the box is the most exciting thing about the movie . Once you begin watching the movie , you suddenly realize that this movie is as tremendously exciting as watching grass grow . Well , watching grass grow may be more exciting.The movie begins with some promise . We see a fellow in a white coat flitting about a laboratory while scenes are cut in discussing the fellow and that he has just stolen the super secret files that no one should ever have access to because they are super secret , and it is just too bad that he has to be `` transferred , '' which is a euphemism for shot a whole bunch of times in a hotel room while writing a letter to a congressman who already knew about the secret project anyway . It really makes little difference , because this movie is confusing much of the time anyway , and the ending seems almost pointless.We soon learn that the `` project '' is going to move forward with four volunteers . We pick up bits and pieces that the `` project '' has something to do with reading minds . Obviously this project has to be government sponsored , because in 1977 , when this movie was filmed , government was the root of all evil . Knowing what we know today , it seems obvious to me that evil was milder in those days.Our four volunteers include ditzy Minnie Lee Parks -LRB- Anne Latham , in her second and last role -RRB- . We also have an obligatory war veteran - after all , it was right after the Viet Nam war - Judd Reeves -LRB- Marcus J. Grapes , who was near the end of his brief television and film career -RRB- . Probably also obligatory is Reverend Emory Neill -LRB- James Best , a veteran of at least 180 film and television appearances , who many will remember best as Rosco P. Coltrane on the television series `` The Dukes of Hazzard '' -RRB- , remembering this was the era of `` The Exorcist '' and other movies featuring priests and ministers . Our last volunteer is highly intelligent Willie West -LRB- Gerald McRaney , who was one of the Simons in the television series `` Simon & Simon , '' among dozens of other appearances -RRB- . Dr. Carol Portland -LRB- Barbara Burgess , who had one role after this movie in 1984 's `` Laughterhouse '' -RRB- spends a good amount of time trying to keep her hair piled high without snapping her neck and periodically appearing intelligent . To her credit , she keeps herself about the silly dialogue - most of the time . Dr. Portland appears to be intimate with Dr. Roland Roth -LRB- Doug Collins , in his only film appearance , ever ; this movie must have told him that acting was a poor way to make a living -RRB- , who appears to be sort of in charge much of the time , sharing highly dramatic scenes with Gil Peterson as Dr. Elton Morris . I know Gil Peterson is famous because he was the well known `` fourth German soldier '' in a 1965 episode of `` Combat . '' If that is n't fame , I do not know what is.There are a number of nondescript government types who lend credence to the whole government conspiracy plot , but other than seeing mouths and one high government person 's office that looks a lot like a junk closet at Hewlett Packard , these characters are there for comic relief . Just kidding . Actually these characters are there to be sinister and cold-blooded , but only if you can stop rolling your eyes long enough to focus.What all this comes down to is that the non-descript government types take over the experiment , and soon our volunteers are doing all sorts of dramatic things -LRB- yawn -RRB- and people start to die . By the time the movie reaches its inevitable conclusion , I was wondering what all the hoopla was about . As an aside , one of the characters in the movie sure looked to me like a George Bush look-alike . Sure , that has nothing to do with the movie , but it is an interesting side note.There is no way that I am able to explain to you how bad this movie is . It is boring . The technical jargon , which uses the word `` integrate '' more times than a semester of calculus , was obviously bogus . I was impressed by the use of actual oscilloscopes , computer tape drives and other high tech paraphernalia from the 70s that were likely state of the art at that time . However , getting past the equipment , this movie has nothing to offer . The plot takes a long time to get launched . Once you figure out what the plot is about , you get to the `` so what '' point , and after that the movie goes down hill from there . I spent much of the movie waiting for something , anything , to happen . It never did . Sure , people died , but that was how this movie got itself out of a hole . Kill everyone off to maintain the sanctity of the supposed government conspiracy . Big deal . There is just no subtlety to this conspiracy theory movie , which looks like something proposed by a guy wearing an aluminum foil hat living in the desert Southwest.This movie has appeared around the world in a number of incarnations . Included among the many titles : `` Der Manipulator '' `` Gray Matter '' `` Grey Matter '' `` Mind Warp '' `` The E-Box '' `` Time Warp `` If you have so much money that you must spend it on something , get this movie . Otherwise , I recommend any other movie you can find.Good luck !
 Filmed in the 70 's this is a latecomer to the sixties formula big brother paranoia films.An experiment is performed to see if `` truth '' can be told with the hope that the results can correct all the ills of mankind and pollution to boot . The subjects are carefully chosen based on the objective.Unknown to our guinea pigs and testing staff , the experiment was usurped by the military for nefarious purposes ; anyone objecting is dispatched.Naturally the computers and guinea 's are not suited for the plan . This is a brain teaser as everyone has to confess they lied . More insidious is the fact that the computer can not understand that the subject does not believe he can die and sets out to prove this . This becomes a compressing problem.How will it end ? Or will it end ? What would you do in the situation ?
 This documentary intends to illuminate the period from 1984 to 1994 in which Disney animation had a reawaking . I 'm a huge Disney fan . Love the movies , love the parks ! Even visited the Walt Disney Family Museum in San Francisco -LRB- fabulous ! -RRB- But , as a child of the '80s , about all I remember from that period was the Disney Sunday Night Movie with some guy named Michael Eisner giving a boring introduction that I could n't wait to end so the movie would start . That , and going to see `` The Little Mermaid '' and being absolutely spellbound!In the early 80s within Disney animation studios , there was a precarious mix of the `` nine old men '' artists from Walt 's days , trying to blend with the new grads from Cal Arts and none of them were turning out particularly memorable movies or bringing in revenue . Roy Disney -LRB- Walt 's nephew -RRB- brought in two new execs -LRB- Eisner and Jeffrey Katzenberg -RRB- from live-action movie and TV production to help revitalize things . Yet the documentary begins with a little flash-forward to the premier of `` The Lion King '' in 1994 and how everything was falling apart behind the scenes . So , basically , you figure there are ten years of good stuff and this will be the focus of the documentary.Alas , though there are some bright moments , the documentary suffered from too many agendas . On one hand , the filmmaker seemed eager to air Disney 's dirty laundry , sharing copious amounts of mean-spirited caricatures which frustrated animators drew of Katzenberg and other suits when their artistic sensibilities did n't jive with the execs . In one breath , they speak of all this tension and disagreement , yet at the same time Disney did enjoy a Renaissance during this time and completely revitalized its animation department , garnering awards and audience acclaim alike -- and much needed money to strengthen all facets of the company . The documentary never quite makes it clear how this all happened.The bright spot in the documentary for me were the sections focusing on `` Beauty and the Beast '' and `` The Little Mermaid '' particularly those dealing with the Howard Ashman and Alan Menken lyricist/composer team . The Ashman footage is so vibrant and enjoyable to watch and they even cautiously liken him to Walt himself in his ability to get people passionate about creative ideas . Sadly , these segments are all too short.Still , this footage further highlights what is missing from the bulk of the film -- the creative fire . Although the filmmaker says he wants to highlight the artists , he spends most of his time exploring the boardroom battles between the executives and very few animators are even interviewed . While some may find this a fascinating glimpse into corporate politics , I personally wanted something more creative and inspiring from a documentary about Disney animation.However , my two star rating is not just based on that disappointment but on the fact that I really do n't think this is a very effective documentary . In the final minutes of the film , the filmmaker says that , at the end of the day , no one at Disney is going to remember who bickered with whom about what , they will remember the characters and movies they made . Well , perhaps , but you just spent an hour and a half making a documentary about who bickered with whom and proceeded to share it with audiences so I do think it will be remembered , for better or for worse . Alas , for me , it was for worse . Despite the happy-go-lucky Disney tune and the smiling faces of the animators as the final credits rolled , I could n't help feeling it was too little , too late . Like hastily taking down that dirty laundry after the entire neighborhood already paraded past and gaped at it.For a truly inspiring documentary focusing on the creative side of animation and filmmaking , I recommend Pixar 's `` A Pixar Story '' instead .
 i dunno . listening to this you 'd think Disney history started with Eisner and Katzenberg . for some of us that 's where it 's true artistic focus became strictly commercial and the heart was suffocated out of the whole thing and sold off to corporate mentality.if you think Disney is all about the business side of the man 's sucess then you are very wrong and have lost the spirit of this . Walt 's true sucess was in something more than just money and pleasing banks . most of the reviewers here seem not to really get this . i thought this movie was about the late 50 's and the making of the original feature , not about waxing and perpetrating the overratted reign of Eisner and Katzenberg . who by the by were no Disney.no wonder so many neo-Disney fans are so mixed up and are n't sure what to think . it all started with a mouse dummies . not with the Disney channel or Eisner . and the studio began on Hyperion and then in Burbank not Florida.the animation division in the late seventies and eighties were turning out some excellent films . only nobody was appreciating them properly . success and artistic sucess is hardly ever judged on money on mass appeal of the current time . unless you are a shallow boob .
 If you want to watch a fun disney documentary -- Watch the Boys.I had a hard time maintaining interest.Walking Sleeping Beauty almost put me to sleep .
 The actors are attractive and wooden . Good series for adolescents who are more into clothes , cars , gadgets , and romance , with a now-and-then bloody fight to break the monotony . As to &#34; Arrow &#34; himself
 Writing is not very good , story line is sketchy , acting i pretty weak . They are all very good looking though .
 Stephen Amell seems like he 'd be a good guy to have a beer with , but he does n't project much of anything else on the screen . No anger , no outrage , no affection , no enthusiasm , just `` I 'm a nice guy '' . That 's still leagues better than what everyone projects , which is angst and fecklessness . It 's hard to care about any of them.A few of the story lines are pretty good , others rather stupid , even if you accept the premise of a comic book world . The screen writers apparently feel a need to end each episode with a syrupy moral lesson , each of which is forgotten by the start of the next show ; it would n't do to have the characters change and grow.I 'd be surprised if the series lasted more than the first season .
 The lead is so wooden , it 's painful to watch . The story originally was interesting but now , borders on silly . Arrow 's sister rocks !
 Very intriguing concept and the actors are pretty decent but the show bogs down after just a few episodes in the sheer number of nameless henchmen the &#34; hero &#34; kills while leaving the criminal bosses alive with only a warning , and the constant character inconsistencies that seem inserted only to keep the story from imploding .
 Suffice it to say , the first , pilot episode was stupendously well done , action-packed and riveting.Beginning with the second episode and progressively getting worse with each new one , the series crashes into silly themes , totally implausible storylines , disconnected and under-developed characters of no depth.Bottomline
 I freely admit I was a huge fan of this show after watching the first few episodes . It seemed to promise action plus just enough human feeling to make the lead character a little more than another cartoon-cutout adaption.I 'm now up to episode seven , ... and am almost completely over this whole series.What started as an action packed vigilante against the strong men of crime idea , promising some vicarious entertainment as we watch `` our '' hero take out the baddies in highly imaginative ways , ... progressively degenerates into lengthy soap-ridden clich&eacute; scenes of feminine talkfests about `` caring '' , female relationships issues , support and other assorted warm-fuzzy aspects.This is all done with such over emotional BAD acting that it just overwhelms the original concept completely.It is literally as if whole sections of `` The Bold & the Beautiful '' have been spliced into the episodes , ... complete with that oh-so-serious method of `` acting '' -LRB- ? -RRB- where they exchange those deep - & - meaningfuls in near whispers with grim faces.Bad , bad , ... and even worse!It 's exactly what the writers did to `` Dexter '' with that damn plot line of the baby and all those family issues .99 % of the viewers just wanted to see Dexter carve up the baddies , ... NOT change damn dirty diapers and go all daddy-fied ! Then they had to resort to some unbelievably contrived writing to try and wrest back some of the initial excitement as the fans fell away.I can only imagine these fluffy girly themes are being introduced to Arrow as an attempt to attract more female viewers to the genre , but it has totally ruined what promised to be a pretty good park-your-brain in neutral and enjoy , fast moving concept.It 's now bogged down in over-emotional baggage , ... with FAR too many over-earnest female characters all competing for their emotional attention as they emote breathily in close-up . I 've stuck it out this far , but the soap is now getting so thick , and the action so infrequent , that it 's very hard to see the original concept emerging from the suds.Down to one star now , ... AND FADING RAPIDLY for me !
 A guy gets back from 5 years stranded on an island , and he says to his sister , `` you were there the whole time ? '' Do n't wait until the 7th episode to figure out this is a dumb chick-flick . Crappy acting , cookie-cutter cliches and nonsensical plot .
 A few good action sequences does not make up for truly lame dialog and one of the world 's worst acting !!!
 It was lame and cheecky . The action was miniamle and the story was not interesting enough to follow the series .
 The movie is great!highly recommend it , BUT DO NOT TRY AND WATCH ON AMAZON . the player is lousy , does not work . customer support is useless , ad does not help . Told I may not meet the system requirements , I do . Told I may have the wrong software installed . ONLY IF YOU TOLD ME THE WRONG ONE ! unable to watch on amazon , so I had to watch on a competitor , which worked first try . Wish I could get my money back , at least it was cheap .
 As of December 2009 , there is an English name and English descriptions of this Korean movie , but there is Korean only audio and no subtitles available so if you do n't speak Korean you 're out of luck.On the upside , just got great customer service on the phone and a gracious refund from Amazon Video on Demand .
 I was so hyped to see this movie after viewing the trailer . It looked like nothing else I had seen before.Boy was I wrong . It turned out to be a torture-fest , for no reason other than to be intentionally shocking -LRB- it was n't -RRB- . Rental .
 I thought by the cover that this foreign film was a comedy . It was a sick movie and was disappointed . Unless over the top violence is your thing , I highly suggest staying away from this film .
 This movie definitely is not Hollywood status.I literally sat there for 10 painstaking minutes trying to watch it but it was n't possible for me.Why I spent Instant Video credits on this I have no idea .
 One night with Dice is just one night too many . Vulgar , profane , inappropriate . I gave this product away as fast as possible to someone that said they wanted to watch it . I hope it did not destroy too many brain cells .
 In this DVD Dice is early in his career and is not very good . In fact it is horrible . Save your money .
 This is a perfect example of what Bill Hicks used to rant about . Mediocre hacks live forever and pollute the earth with their existence while brilliant geniuses die way too early ... RIP Bill ! I 'm afraid you were right ... you died at 33 and Andrew is STILL HERE ! Get me off this planet now !
 The cast does the best it can , but this story is just too wacky to believe or even to make the viewer suspend disbelief . A grieving woman who works in a hospital revives a dead man with a violent history and then the ghost of the house she is renting inhabits the body until the dead guy repo 's his body . Did you get that?Um ... yeah .
 I was in the mood for a good 2 1/2 star movie -LRB- sometimes they 're just what you need -RRB- , and rented this one . -LRB- As I write , it is out of stock on Amazon , it 's the first day of the movie 's release to DVD -RRB- . The plot concept was interesting to me , but the movie is so implausible , that I ended up stopping it well before it was half over . Implausible even for a ghost movie ? That 's pretty implausible . And did n't mind the low-budget look , mostly refreshing actually , but should n't doctors wear badges and have stethoscopes ? Liked the acting , though , and very realistic main character , Barbara .
 The fiance of a female physician , while taking a photo of her , steps back off of a curb and gets killed by a passing truck . If all that seems unlikely , improbable and movie made up then you are in for a treat because the rest of the movie follows that script obediently . The physician decides that she needs an isolated cabin to live in when she starts her new job and it so happens the cabin comes complete with the ghost of a civil war soldier . The physician is caring for a not-so-nice patient who eventually dies so she carts his body off to her cabin hoping that the ghost will have a new bodily home.Robotic TV soaps ' style acting , i.e. filmography consisting of TV series , shorts and junk movies did n't help the script out at all . It 's hard to connect with the character physician when she acts like a child with a new toy with regard to the newly inhabited body . The script did n't help it self out either with effects like someone pressing their face against the shower curtain to represent a ghost or a cheap CGI of a face appearing in fireplace smoke or the eyes moving in a photo of the soldier . Cheap production indicator of no subtitles to help with poor audio or for those with hearing issues .
 Yes , it 's sad that hateful words were spray painted on the VW , but this documentary was pretty bad . Mr. MVP and I agreed it was all about Erin 's search for her 15 minutes of fame and she seemed to be really enjoying herself . At the point when the graffiti had been removed from the window and Erin actually reapplied it , that was when she lost both of us . This is the real world , fix the car , move on with life and make a dent in the world by donating time to established causes . -LRB- Hulu I think has this as a free watch instead of buying a copy . -RRB-
 I found this movie for $ 2.00 at a place that was going out of business so I bought it because the cover looked good and it had a lot of good comments on the case . First off let me say if you picked this movie up expecting to see a good Thriller/Scary movie you will be disappointed because it is not the least bit scary . But I do n't think it was intended to be scary , it focuses more on the mind of the lead character , and what he struggles with.Summary : The story is about a guy named Charlie Cavenaugh who is an ex-mental patient with a dark violent past . Throughout the film , Charlie tries desperately to pull his life back together after the murder of his family which was committed by his own father . Charlie lives by himself in a small apartment in Southern California . He works and tries to fight his violent `` urges '' everyday to avoid being sent back to a mental hospital . As the story progresses Charlie begins dreaming about the spirit of a woman who killed herself in his apartment . Every time Charlie goes to sleep , he dreams of her and eventually begins to believe that she is actually real . The woman tries to develop some kind of `` Love '' relationship with Charlie in his dreams and at the same time urges him to give in to his urge to kill.The story of the character Charlie is what kept me watching . How he constantly fights his urges and tries to act normal . Kirk Harris is by far the best actor in the movie and does a very good portrayal of his character . I did n't like how slow this movie was . True , it does get a little more interesting as the film progresses . Right when you start it , you 'll notice that the photography in this movie is very low in quality , like it was shot with a digital camera . Overall it 's not a bad story , and the acting is mostly good . When I finished watching it I was n't sure if I liked it or not . I guess it 's OK for a low budget Independent film , but it was n't really what I expected it to be . I probably wo n't watch it again and I do n't really recommend it .
 Here is one of those movies where the box is the most exciting thing about the movie . Once you begin watching the movie , you suddenly realize that this movie is as tremendously exciting as watching grass grow . Well , watching grass grow may be more exciting.The movie begins with some promise . We see a fellow in a white coat flitting about a laboratory while scenes are cut in discussing the fellow and that he has just stolen the super secret files that no one should ever have access to because they are super secret , and it is just too bad that he has to be `` transferred , '' which is a euphemism for shot a whole bunch of times in a hotel room while writing a letter to a congressman who already knew about the secret project anyway . It really makes little difference , because this movie is confusing much of the time anyway , and the ending seems almost pointless.We soon learn that the `` project '' is going to move forward with four volunteers . We pick up bits and pieces that the `` project '' has something to do with reading minds . Obviously this project has to be government sponsored , because in 1977 , when this movie was filmed , government was the root of all evil . Knowing what we know today , it seems obvious to me that evil was milder in those days.Our four volunteers include ditzy Minnie Lee Parks -LRB- Anne Latham , in her second and last role -RRB- . We also have an obligatory war veteran - after all , it was right after the Viet Nam war - Judd Reeves -LRB- Marcus J. Grapes , who was near the end of his brief television and film career -RRB- . Probably also obligatory is Reverend Emory Neill -LRB- James Best , a veteran of at least 180 film and television appearances , who many will remember best as Rosco P. Coltrane on the television series `` The Dukes of Hazzard '' -RRB- , remembering this was the era of `` The Exorcist '' and other movies featuring priests and ministers . Our last volunteer is highly intelligent Willie West -LRB- Gerald McRaney , who was one of the Simons in the television series `` Simon & Simon , '' among dozens of other appearances -RRB- . Dr. Carol Portland -LRB- Barbara Burgess , who had one role after this movie in 1984 's `` Laughterhouse '' -RRB- spends a good amount of time trying to keep her hair piled high without snapping her neck and periodically appearing intelligent . To her credit , she keeps herself about the silly dialogue - most of the time . Dr. Portland appears to be intimate with Dr. Roland Roth -LRB- Doug Collins , in his only film appearance , ever ; this movie must have told him that acting was a poor way to make a living -RRB- , who appears to be sort of in charge much of the time , sharing highly dramatic scenes with Gil Peterson as Dr. Elton Morris . I know Gil Peterson is famous because he was the well known `` fourth German soldier '' in a 1965 episode of `` Combat . '' If that is n't fame , I do not know what is.There are a number of nondescript government types who lend credence to the whole government conspiracy plot , but other than seeing mouths and one high government person 's office that looks a lot like a junk closet at Hewlett Packard , these characters are there for comic relief . Just kidding . Actually these characters are there to be sinister and cold-blooded , but only if you can stop rolling your eyes long enough to focus.What all this comes down to is that the non-descript government types take over the experiment , and soon our volunteers are doing all sorts of dramatic things -LRB- yawn -RRB- and people start to die . By the time the movie reaches its inevitable conclusion , I was wondering what all the hoopla was about . As an aside , one of the characters in the movie sure looked to me like a George Bush look-alike . Sure , that has nothing to do with the movie , but it is an interesting side note.There is no way that I am able to explain to you how bad this movie is . It is boring . The technical jargon , which uses the word `` integrate '' more times than a semester of calculus , was obviously bogus . I was impressed by the use of actual oscilloscopes , computer tape drives and other high tech paraphernalia from the 70s that were likely state of the art at that time . However , getting past the equipment , this movie has nothing to offer . The plot takes a long time to get launched . Once you figure out what the plot is about , you get to the `` so what '' point , and after that the movie goes down hill from there . I spent much of the movie waiting for something , anything , to happen . It never did . Sure , people died , but that was how this movie got itself out of a hole . Kill everyone off to maintain the sanctity of the supposed government conspiracy . Big deal . There is just no subtlety to this conspiracy theory movie , which looks like something proposed by a guy wearing an aluminum foil hat living in the desert Southwest.This movie has appeared around the world in a number of incarnations . Included among the many titles : `` Der Manipulator '' `` Gray Matter '' `` Grey Matter '' `` Mind Warp '' `` The E-Box '' `` Time Warp `` If you have so much money that you must spend it on something , get this movie . Otherwise , I recommend any other movie you can find.Good luck !
 Filmed in the 70 's this is a latecomer to the sixties formula big brother paranoia films.An experiment is performed to see if `` truth '' can be told with the hope that the results can correct all the ills of mankind and pollution to boot . The subjects are carefully chosen based on the objective.Unknown to our guinea pigs and testing staff , the experiment was usurped by the military for nefarious purposes ; anyone objecting is dispatched.Naturally the computers and guinea 's are not suited for the plan . This is a brain teaser as everyone has to confess they lied . More insidious is the fact that the computer can not understand that the subject does not believe he can die and sets out to prove this . This becomes a compressing problem.How will it end ? Or will it end ? What would you do in the situation ?
 Take note that this release is a bootleg on DVD-R and taken from a VHS . The only legal release is the one coming from film materials released by Code Red DVD . I do n't understand why Amazon can sell obvious illegal materials .
 Unfortunately this dvd is not upto the quality of other salsacrazy products . Neither is good to learn salsa nor as a workout routine.The salsa steps are covered too briefly and only from the man point of view -LRB- so ladies ca n't learn their steps -RRB- , but at the other side the steps you need to learn are too complex for a workout.If you want to learn salsa get The complete salsa mastery from SalsaCrazy . For effective workout , get something else .
 It 's a basic step lesson video , there is not much ` workout ' to it at all . The instructor teaches all moves with the leader 's footwork . `` Whoo , almost lost my balance '' , he says at one point . It seems like the same basic step over and over with slight variations , like a tap . It 's not ` fun and energetic ' - it 's repetitive and boring . He does the same routine 3 times with different music . For the price , get something else .
 Hello . I was really excited about this dvd and its terrible!The instructor counts all the steps so you repeatedly hear throughout the entire thing 1234 5678 1234 5678 . Its irritating and unnecessary ! Even in the advanced section of the DVD . The music is also not that good and the instructor is pretty boring!I hated it , and even looked into returning it for my money back since it was 46 $ !! US but i just decided to cut my loses.I do not recommend this DVD , i am Cuban i know how to Salsa but i thought i could learn new moves and it was just too irritating to even watch because of the constant counting.BOOOOOOO .
 This was not what I expected . This was not so much a fitness dvd as it was a dance lesson dvd . And it was not encouraging to show what I learned on how to Salsa and then get told that is not the right way to Salsa.Very disappointing , I wanted a Salsa workout dvd , was willing to settle for this even though it was not that good of a `` workout '' , because I was going to learn to Salsa , and then to discover it was not teaching me to Salsa properly.Returned item for full or partial refund.Do not recommend .
 I already knew the basic salsa steps before purchasing this , and had hoped/thought this would be a great way to use those steps in a workout setting.WRONG ! The instructor is boring , with no sense of rhythm . Neither he nor his partner can really move like good salsa dancers do . This guy is a complete hack , and his delivery is completely awkward . What 's worse is that many of his steps are not even authentic salsa steps.While salsa dancing can provide a good workout , this is NOT the DVD that fits the bill.For those of you who want to learn salsa , DO NOT buy this DVD . Find someone who can truly dance salsa and learn from them !
 The movie is borring and its just talking not much dancing . The music they play its borring doesnt make you want to dance
 I feel that I wasted my money , if I had it to do all over again i would not , I have had no prior experience and this video was to fast paced for me
 This product is a joke as it is not a workout but a step by step instruction video . You do not even break a sweat . Waste of time and money !
 If you want to learn how to dance the salsa , this is the DVD for you . It goes over each step very slowly and is clear how to dance each step . It 's a dance instruction lesson , NOT EVEN CLOSE TO BEING A WORKOUT EXPERIENCE . I was very disappointed . The cover certainly looks NOTHING like the instructor . This DVD will be re-gifted when I need a white elephant gift .
 if you want to learn basic salsa steps this is great . if you want something exciting and fun to do this is not your video at all . it is boring and lacks excitement . i do not feel that i had any sort of workout afterwards .
 First and foremost , anything from `` SalsaCrazy Presents : '' is GARBAGE ... their work out videos are bootleg looking . All the good reviews written about this workout or any of their workouts are written by people who work for the company or something ... I 've finally Figured it out!Save yourself some money and leave SALSACRAZY alone ... I mean if you value your money but most of all your common sense . !!!!
 This movie is just dumb . First of all , most plot points make little to no sense . Much of it is based around a new file system called Corridor - the most useless invention ever , which takes all the convenience of a computer file system , then makes it totally inconvenient by making it look and act like the old paper 'n' cabinet storage systems that computers were designed to replace . In fact , the only reason for this is to set up a virtual reality scene , to add to the film 's pattern of style over substance . Than you have the silly mystery unfolding with clever twists - like Demi Moore 's character accidently spilling her whole evil scheme right in front of Michael Douglas ! Or how about the random `` solution '' to the film 's problem that comes so far out of nowhere it 's desperately hard to appreciate it as some sort of resolution to what is supposed to be an evolving conclusion . But it does n't really matter , because most of the acting and plot twists are so contrived you should n't be that involved , and DISCLOSURE becomes an unintentional comedy rather than the sleek , sexy thriller it intended on .
 The DVD was cracked . Not able to view the last and very important part of the movie . It freezes when it got to the cracked part . THe piece of tape you put over the crack did not work for futher reference .
 I read the book ages ago , and I really had to struggle to finish it . It 's over long , convoluted , and there 's too much jargon that a simple person like me wo n't understand . I seriously thought the film would be better , but it was n't and I 'm very disappointed . The only good point about it was Demi Moore 's character . Michael Douglas ? I do n't see what the women see in him , but this was a great film for him , as if you go by what the press say about him , then he really is a sex addict!The film sticks closely to the book -LRB- what I can remember of it anyway -RRB- and is full of fancy ` new ' technology , with mobiles like bricks etc , which really dates the film . It suffers from the same problem that The Net suffers from . There 's no fear about Y2K now -LRB- can anyone remember what all the fuss was about ? -RRB- , and everyone has accepted new fangled technology into their lives . There are two main points I noticed between the book and the film
 This film will only be `` controversial '' and `` thought-provoking '' to the bland , white , middle-class working drones it is catered to . This is basically just your typical `` adult-oriented '' Hollywood fluff . It could 've been worse , but it 's only very marginally entertaining -LRB- the `` virtual reality '' stuff is just plain silly -RRB- , and it 's certainly a far cry from profound .
 First off , I usually love Barry Levinson 's work . `` The Natural '' , `` Avalon '' , just to name a couple of beautifully shot , well-told stories . Now here comes `` Disclosure '' , which , as farce , rates about a 41/2 . Unfortunately , that 's not the category it 's supposed to occupy . There are so many unbelievable premises in this film that it 's hard to know where to start . All due respect , Michael Douglas as the loyal husband doing his damndest to fend off a beautiful , sexy woman without losing his job ? That 's more than a stretch -- it 's a bungee jump . Demi Moore begging for sex from anyone ? Another bungee jump . The loyal wife , sitting and listening to her husband 's accuser -LRB- that 's right , Demi Moore turns the table on Mike and charges him with harrasment -RRB- describe in full detail , a la White House intern , what transpired . Does the betrayed wife try to throw Demi out the skyscraper window ? No . Choke her ? No . She sits and quietly simmers like someone who 's been waiting in the doctor 's office too long . Bungee 3 for that one . The last and biggest bungee is the idea of the story itself . What exactly is the point of this film ? That men get harassed in the workplace ? A film more like , `` The Insider '' , which stayed on point about its subject , would be more in order . Finally , here 's a test
 A movie that tries to foil anything politically correct ca n't be all bad , and director Barry Levinson 's Disclosure sets up a number of intriguing situations along its sexual harrassment superhighway . Problem is , what starts out as having potential sinks quickly into the mire of writer Michael Crichton 's shallow characters and insipid plotting . Despite some snappy dialogue and a wealth of opportunities to tongue-lash the villainess -LRB- Moore -RRB- , Disclosure lacks the tension that this kind of high-tech jousting requires
 I can still remember reading Michael Crichton 's DISCLOSURE for the first time . I was in the sixth grade and this novel completely caught me up in a world in which I did n't belong -LRB- and yet , strangely felt a part of -RRB- . I only recently watched the film version of the novel and I have to say I was sadly disappointed . The topic of Crichton 's novel is so rich
 Tacky thriller that lures one into thinking it 's going to be controversial . One thing about * Disclosure * , it 's not unprofessional
 This movie seems to have a good story behind it but the movie is poorly acted and boring
 since the film has already been reviewed by others , i 'll just go to say that if you want to watch this movie , rent it . save yourself some money . The plot has been used one too many times , the cast wasnt too good . The only thing that 's `` artsy '' about this film is the fact that there 's a photographer , an actor , and a play thats occuring during the film . It literally is soft core porn . Thats prob the only reason why i gave it 2 stars . other than that ... umm no thanks .
 The other bad reviews have pretty much said it all . I can only add that it was a total waste of my hard earned money .
 Nothing to write home about . It was claustrophobic and very indie and not in the good indie way , oh well
 This is about 3 gay young men . One of them makes a stab at doing something meaningful by auditioning for a play . The other 2 just use drugs and have sex all day . The one attempting to get a part in the play is hopelessly bad . The play manager just strings him along because he wants to have sex with him . The other actors are very bad also . I 'll stop there . This movie leaves me cold . It is hard to like the 3 main young men because they are so messed up .
 This was quite possibly the worst film I have ever seen , in any Genre !! Unfortunately it was a gay theme filmed and perpetuated most of the gay stereotypes that we as gay men have fought to avoid for years . The talentless hack that made this film should be Drawn and Quartered !!
 What a horrible waste of money ... even worse waste of time . It was glorified gay porn , and not even good porn . I can appreciate films that go to extremes and make artistic choices but this film did nothing of the sort . Horrifyingly boring and unnatural script , painfully bad acting , and cinematography the likes of which is only seen on COPS . And if you 're going to ask us to sit through all of that , at least give us someone pretty to look at . Horrible waste !
 I like to think I 'm pretty open-minded . There have been many movies that have gotten horrible reviews that I 've really liked . Someone else on here said something along the lines of `` comparing Wrecked to Shortbus is an insult to Shortbus '' and I could n't agree more.There was no point to this movie -LRB- except maybe `` drugs are bad , MmmKay '' -RRB- , the acting was terrible , every scene just dragged , the nudity and sex was completely distasteful . Besides all that , there were several things about this movie that were totally awkward , or just plain did n't make sense . For example
 Well , I wish I 'd noticed earlier that this was -LRB- I assume -RRB- a very low budget film . Quality/sound are n't great , and I 'm pretty sure a bunch of guys got together and decided to film in their house with an ordinary video camera . Not terribly fun . I ca n't say how the plot line was , since I only watched a few minutes .
 Basically , the summary at the back of the case has much more depth than the feature . The characters and plot are so boring and recurring to the point of becoming annoying . The premise was good , but everything was poorly executed . The performances were not believable , the characters where so flat they even lacked unidimensionality and the plot was all over the place . I can assure you that you will gain nothing by watching this movie .
 This appears to be nothing more than a series of unscripted , improvised scenes , a great many of them sexual . Is it supposed to be a -LRB- im - -RRB- morality tale ? Ca n't tell . Production values are non-existent . The only reason anyone would watch this is for the many , obviously not just simulated , sex scenes . But the characters -LRB- and , alas , actors -RRB- are unappealing . We get it
 I saw this movie at the Philadelphia QFest2009 -LRB- formerly the Philadelphia Gay and Lesbian Film Festival -RRB- and was incredibly intrigued by the synopsis and build-up surrounding the film . While the first fifteen minutes of the film were mediocre at best , the rest of the film was literally ... torture . Bordering on bad pornographic material -LRB- unattractive actors and poor plot included ! -RRB- , this film had no substance , no plot , no backstory , ultimately , nothing at all.My only memorable moment at the end of the film when there was a simultaneous gasp of relief and ... silence . Not one person in a sold-out crowd clapped and the general feeling of disgust was shared amongst the theatergoers.As a cultural studies specialist , this film is an insult to vast spectrum of Queer Texts . I was hoping that the film would be dropped given the general discontent with the film - but a word of warning to anyone even considering purchasing this
 There is nothing to recommend in this badly acted and extremely tedious film . BORING BOREING BORING . Do n't try loking for an intelligent script as there is n't one .
 Dreadfully disappointing . I only wish I had listened to the reviews . I thought I 'd take a chance on the movie and here I am writing about my horrible experience . The movie was slow , and uninteresting . The acting was beyond bad . I could n't even watch the entire movie . I have considered selling it on Amazon , but I do n't want to inflict `` Wrecked '' on anyone else .
 Hard to find a single redeeming feature to this movie . Acting is painfully embarrassing , cringe worthy . Shows a few nude scenes , as this is the only way it can try to get your attention . Going straight in the bin , would not waste my time watching this again .
 Wrecked provides a personal , provocative viewpoint of the writer directors behind the scenes look at his relationship with his boyfriend . Although intriguing from the beginning , we eventually find ourselves in a stereotypical situation involving a drug using , manipulating young man that we neither care for and at times , wonder why the lead character would care for him . It is obvious that he can do much better . With ample nudity and tons of simulated sex , the two youth struggle to maintain a relationship . During the day , the lead works as an actor and begins having difficulty with his role due to his concerns over the sincerity of his long lost lover that appeared at his door all while his lover is out tricking to find new drugs or funds for drugs to keep him submerged in his make believe world of all is well . When the two are together , sex is the weapon used to distract the couple from addressing the real issues that they need to face.When the lover is caught in an act of seduction at his boyfriends apartment it almost seems like this is finally the act that will make the lead wakeup and realize that this guy needs to be kicked to the curb but it only adds a different level of confusion to this story . Wrecked is conceived by a young man and it shows in the way the situations are handled . Seasoned lovers would never tolerate such behavior and if they do , deserve what they get . When you 're young , you 're youthful behavior is easily forgiven.This movie is worth watching if you like watching young , twinkish men walking around naked or partially naked in a drugged up state of mind . I did n't feel for any of the characters and the level of acting is subpar .
 Lovable loser falls in love with drug addict , begins using drugs , dies of overdose . It 's a pretty tired old tale if you ask me.Ryan wants to be an actor , but he ca n't act . His ex-bf , Daniel shows up , and Ryan lets him back into his life . Even though he knows Daniel is still using drugs , still having random , unprotected sex , and still stealing and lying to support his habit . Even though he says Daniel smells bad , yet defiantly refuses to use deodorant . But regardless of Daniel 's wretched body odour , Ryan ca n't stop having sex with Daniel long enough to throw him out . So Ryan begins a downward spiral . First losing his acting job . Then by participating in Daniel 's promiscuity . And finally by doing drugs with one of Daniel 's random tricks . In the last scene he appears to have died of an overdose.I wish I could say something nice about this film . But it suffers from a lack of direction . By that I mean , the director was n't doing his job . Camera work was shaky and out of focus . Actors fumbled and stumbled over badly written lines . And it 's really hard to say if there was enough sex to call this a porn film . But there were a lot of fragments of sex acts between pimply , greasy , decidedly un-sexy actors in decidedly un-sexy surroundings . It looks as though the film was made in the filthiest , messiest , most unattractive surroundings that could be found . It 's really a shame . Even a film with actors of this low calibre could have been made into something worth watching . But this is not worth watching.One thing is true of every film ; The good parts can be credited to any member of the cast or crew . But a bad film can only be blamed on the director . This is a bad film .
 I regret wasting my time and money in this movie . The film was like a bad porn movie . The only difference is that in a bad porn there is more sex , and it 's better sex . Bad porn would also have better acting and a better plot . This crappy movie has editing that looks like it was done on iMovie , and the music is clearly the default sample tracks from GarageBand . If I could rate it zero stars , I would .
 The big claim made for this movie is that it is realistic . That is the usual claim made for movies that have little else going for them . The definition of `` realistic '' relied on for such movies is
 Wish I COULD have viewed this video ! It had a `` region error '' , would n't play . Amazon refunded price of DVD , but I had to pay to send it back . No longer order DVD 's from Amazon . I do love this old movie . Have n't seen it in years . Do recommend the movie , but do n't know where you can buy a working copy .
 After reading other reviews I bought this DVD . I 'm not a Charlton Heston fan , but I do like vintage westerns . I suppose the story this movie is based on is a decent one . Parts of the movie show that a cowboy 's life can be dirty and smelly -LRB- ai n't no showers behind the bushes -RRB- . Unfortunately , the main actors in this movie do n't do it justice . There is NO chemistry between Mr. Heston and his co-star , Ms. Hackett.I would like to correct a few plot points which other reviewers have repeated
 Will Penny is an illiterate , over-the-hill cowboy coming to terms with his bleak future . After a long trail drive , he goes to work at the Flatiron ranch , in the lonely job of riding line . He finds a women and her son , abandoned by their guide to California , holding up at his shack . His standing orders are to drive off all nesters , but he allows them to stay on two weeks . His kindness is rewarded when he is set upon and left to die by a family of `` rawhiders . '' The lady nurses him back to health . By the time the rawhiders return Penny and the lady are quite close . Nevertheless , Penny realizes he could not adapt to another way of life and rides off into the sunset.As a long-time fan of Westerns and Charleston Heston , I was disappointed by this film . The plodding script calls for a Jimmy Stewart in the lead role . Perhaps Stewart could have brought it alive . Unfortunately , Charleton Heston got the part . He is not convincing as a sad , sensitive-but-strong hero . Joan Hackett is good as the stranded lady . Bruce Dern is good in his too abbreviated role . Donald Pleasance , however , is over the top . Another case of miscasting.The best part of the film is the beautiful Western scenery . But , that can not make up for a dull , illogical script , bad casting and an annoying music tract . Watching the film , I got the feeling that I was paying more attention to it than had the director and script-writer . How could anyone not notice that after Charlton Heston has his undies stolen by the rawhiders , he is again dressed in his shirt and pants back at the shack ? This is only one of the distracting goofs that I tried to ignore in my attempts to like this film .
 I ca n't join the other reviewers in their praise for this movie . Tom Gries attempts , through character development , to present a `` thinking man 's '' movie , but winds up with a s-l-o-o-w moving `` entertainment '' movie . My take
 Ca n't review it - canceling my service - two nights in a row the movie will not play - every other service seems fine - Netflix - etc. . .
 Wow , this is truly one of the worst westerns I have ever seen . A `` minor classic '' ? I dont think so . And who cares if Heston `` becomes Will Penny '' ? A solid individual performance but not enough to overcome a weak storyline , and even weaker script.Had the director followed the classic formula and left the ubiquitous Joan Hackett in the background that may have been enough to salvage this turkey . As it is , she occupies way to much of the screen and THAT is a major distraction . But if you like the creeping sentimentality of mush like Rooster Cogburn , the Shoot Out , and that silly out of place `` Raindrops '' scene in Butch Cassidy then you will probably love this thing.The DVD transfer is nothing spectacular , I 'd give the video/audio *** and the soundtrack gets * . What a dud , I think the producers of Walking Tall used this soundtrack as inspiration . You 've been warned . Wish I hadnt bought this .
 what 's the purpose of this pathetic film with pathetic small timers from the very beginning to the end ? there 's almost no story at all about this film . guy is just a good-for-nothing guy like all the other characters . he can kill but has no guts to settle down and to take care a woman and a kid ? `` i 'm 50 years old now , i ca n't settle down -LRB- even she offered doing the farming -RRB- all i know is being a cowhand ... '' so just drift away with the other two cow punchers ? what kind of logic is this ? and what is the purpose of this whole movie ? the only watchable thing in this totally clueless movie is the beautiful scenery .
 I 'm a big Timothy Oliphant fan . However , this movie lacks in so many different ways I ca n't even begin to recount them . The only thing that would make this movie worth watching is if it were free .
 There are bank heist movies in which everything is meticulously planned . They have a detailed blueprint of the bank which they pore over . There 's a steely-eyed safe cracker with a satchel full of sophisticated equipment . They rehearse the heist using a carefully constructed scale model . They synchronize their watches when the caper begins.Well , that 's not `` High Life . '' This film has a lame-brained scheme involving ATM 's . Hasty planning done in a morphine-induced haze . Three members of the four-man crew desperately need a shave , shower , and fumigation . The other guy is clean , too clean . -LRB- You 'll have to suffer through it if you want to find out what that means . -RRB- The film spends a lot of time pointlessly recreating 1983 . There 's a sickening mixture of slapstick humor and heartless violence . I wasted my time watching this . I 'll give it two stars out of respect for the cast , which I feel did its best with what was some very poor material .
 Total waste of time . Waited for the ending to somehow validate this moronic movie and only got further into that place where you say to yourself `` How did I sit through that whole piece of junk ? '' I 'd give it about a -3 if they had minus stars .
 If you like prison films , as I do , you would be attracted to thefilming of this one in Alcatraz.That 's the sole virtue of this film.The rest is an assemblage of Central Casting clich&eacute;s about the BigHouse , the System , the supposedly semi-innocent ragamuffins wronglybranded dangerous criminals who inhabited Alcatraz.They depict Henri Young as the victim of an economically unjust America whohad to feed his sister by stealing a few bucks from a post office - gorcery store . So he did n't really belong in Federal prison but for thetechnicality . But even a cursory web search reveals Henri Young was a killerand a bank robber before Alcatraz . And a constant prison troublemaker , hence hisassignment to the toughest of prisons.The film reeks of the theme
 I just did some research on-line of the Henri Young at Alcatraz facts . Go to Alcatrazhistory.com and see for yourselves that this movie was a COMPLETE fabrication of the truth . The movie claims that it was `` inspired '' by the true story of Henri Young , which is a slick way of trickery for which Hollywood is famous . Having said that , the acting and direction is very good ; but the false propaganda by the liberal communist Left makes this film yet another slap in the face of the truth .
 This movie is a prime example of Hollywood taking a so-called ` true story ' and completely twisting the facts to make it more entertaining . The producers attempt to justify this by saying it is ` based ' on a ` true story ' . This is like making a movie about Adolf Hitler and saying he killed a few people . If you do a little research about Henri Young , you 'll find that he was hardly the innocent who in desperation stole $ 5 . Also , unlike the ending in the movie , Henri Young did not die on Alcatraz . He was finally paroled from a prison in Washington in 1972 -LRB- !!! -RRB- after which he disappeared .
 Upon seeing Burt Lancaster in `` The Birdman of Alcatraz , '' a young boy wrote a letter to the warden pleading for his release . One of the things left out of the film , of course , was that in addition to ornithology , the real Birdman had another hobby -- writing pornographic stories for other inmates involving young boys about the same age as the one who wrote the letter ... `` Murder in the First '' is yet another example of how , when one sees the words `` basedon/inspiredby a true story '' used to describe a book or film , what it really means is `` at most maybe 2-5 % is true , and the rest is BS . `` Some say that it is unfair to criticize a film for not being 100 % true to the events and characters it purports to portray . But I find it hard to approve of a film that must alter reality in order to get me to buy into its message . If you 're going to fictionalize , then go all the way . Do n't try to claim that this really happened when it in fact did not ! And if you do n't like the prison system , then try to persuade me to change it by using rational , well-reasoned logical arguments , instead of creating a piece of cinematic propaganda -- effective propaganda , at that , considering some of the other reviews on this page . Reviewer after reviewer has mindlessly repeated the BS from the blurbs on the box , in spite of how demonstrably the film 's press kit contradicts the facts.This film suffers from the same tragic flaw almost all prison films suffer from . Put stereotypically innocent prisoners and stereotypically abusive , brutal , and sadistic guards together , and then expect the audience to see that it is in fact the system and society that are truly to blame . Golly , I never realized that by NOT lying , NOT cheating , NOT stealing , and NOT killing , I was in fact the one truly to blame for crime ! It was I that drove them to it ! Down with democracy ! Down with capitalism ! Up with socialism!Even if taken as the TOTAL work of fiction that it is -- and should be labeled as -- this film does n't work . Even good performances by Bacon , Oldman and Slater can not rescue this stupidly stereotypical script . I have irrevocably lost respect for anyone associated with this film , as I have with anyone involved with Oliver Stone 's perverse exercise in the post-modern concept of `` mythic truth '' being more important than `` historical fact , '' `` JFK . '' It 's like asking me to excuse the fact that Leni Riefenstahl 's Nazi propaganda was commissioned by Hitler just because , in all honesty , she DID have great directorial talent.I believe in capital punishment for ALL violent crime , but I also believe that NO ONE , no matter what their crime , should be abused or brutalized in any way , shape or form , so , in that respect , I despise the prison system , too . But it was n't a piece of Hollywood propaganda like `` Murder in the First '' that led me to that point of view.It 's films like this that make it seem so disengenuous when people in Hollywood act shocked and amazed that they are seen as dogmatically liberal and leftist ...
 -LSB- I actually give this film a rating of ** 1/2 -RSB- Man 's inhumanity against man is one of the most powerful themes in drama . It is the subject that drives `` Murder in the First Degree , '' a film -LRB- supposedly based on real events -RRB- that tells the horrifying tale of Henry Young -LRB- Kevin Bacon -RRB- , a man sent to Alcatraz for stealing five dollars.While serving his time on the Rock , Henry suffers greatly at the hands of the sadistic Assistant Warden -LRB- Gary Oldman . -RRB- He is tortured , beaten , abused and kept in solitary confinement for three years . When he is finally reintroduced into the general prison population , Henry is so confused and frightened that he does , for him , the unthinkable
 The extra star is for Kevin Bacon 's performance . One of his best.Christian Slater 's acting was good , but there was nothing remarkable about it.Some courtroom scenes just seemed downright ludicrous.If R. Lee Ermey is going to play a judge , he should at least play one that 's been written realistically.Christian Slater 's yelling and theatrics in the courtroom got really old really fast.And now the ending
 Henry Young was a brutal kidnapper who enjoyed terrorizing his victims . He did not steal $ 5.00 to feed his starving sister nor was he sent directly to Alcatraz upon sentencing , no one was ever sent directly to Alcatraz from the courts.The associate warden didnt slice brutalize Henry and he didnt kill McCain because he was insane , he killed McCain because he felt McCain had botched their escape attempt.And finally , the funniest part of this whole movie is where Henry commits suicide in prison . Henry jumped his parole in 1972 . Whoever said that Henry 's case was one of the reasons that Alcatraz closed is also sadly ignorant of the facts . Alcatraz closed because it was too expensive to operate , pure and simple.Its an entertaining film , like the Birdman of Alcatraz . But its Hollywood hype , nothing more . If you want to see an excellent film that follows the truth of the story , see `` Escape from Alcatraz '' with Clint Eastwood . But most of you simpletons will probably be bored with a movie that attempts to tell the truth .
 I looked around online to find out where the evil warden in this film went in life after he was forbidden to work in the prison system . In the process of not finding this information , I found that 90 % of the film was totally made up . I saw this film and it A -RRB- gave me the sense that Alcatraz was a really evil place filled with evil people , inside & out and B -RRB- that Alcatraz got its aRRS kicked ! The former might be true , and I suppose some could argue that B is also true , but I do n't consider a building getting shut down due to its monetary expense any kind of victory for Good.From what I can tell , the truth in this film is that a guy - who was A LOT less saintly than depicted here - was locked in solitary confinement for 3 years and used that as the basis for beating a charge for murder.Obviously , a screenwriter is entitled to some leeway in translating a real life series of incidents to a movie . But there is a lot more truth in movies like TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD , 12 ANGRY MEN , TAXI DRIVER & A CLOCKWORK ORANGE than this film . Heck , even GHOSTBUSTERS is more substantial than this . Because those movies are n't about historical fact , they 're about people - they 're about how they connect & disconnect . Any lack of truth in those films is completely unintentional and I think most can agree that as portraits of society , they do a rather accurate job . This film just tells people what they want to hear so they can hate the bad guys with all their might & shout out loud with joy when the good guy wins .
 This is not the original R rated version I saw in New York City in 1977 . It is edited into mediocrity ! Sincerely , Wm Greenwood
 I knew that this film was a turkey from the get-go
 Too raunchy for my taste . Would not reccommend this movie . Still like Jennifer Aniston and Paul Rudd though - just not my cup of tea .
 There were some great characters in here but either the actors , script writers , or the director could n't bring it together to make it funny and entertaining .
 You know with a name like Wanderlust & with a star like Jen Anniston in it , I really had high hopes for this movie , like maybe seeing Jen half naked or something . Well if you 're wondering & have yet to see this bomb , wonder no more because there is absolutely no female nudity in this movie at all . Plenty of male nudity though , full frontal & everything confirming that the story was written by a female or male who likes other males . Lame storyline , felt more like a movie that was just thrown together in someone 's backyard . If it did n't have the stars in it that it has , it have gone straight to b-movie status in the discount area of the video store . I 'm disappointed that Jen would include herself in such a horrible flick , did n't even finish watching it . Avoid this one like the plague ...
 This was not an enjoyable movies . Sex and story line was not the type of movie I would like my adult family memeber to see . What ever happen to the nice clean movies where you do n't have to hear bad language or see ever body part ?
 This movie was a waste of some really great acting talent . Not funny or entertaining at all ! I wish I had never purchased !
 Remember when you first saw the preview for the movie and you thought , `` this is going to be hilarious ! '' Well , you were wrong ... and do n't feel bad , so was I. Thankfully , I had a coupon for this movie and it did n't cost me a penny . Do n't waist your time ... it really sucked . It was n't funny , and it was predictible . If you are looking for an excuse to waist two hours and not get them back . . this is the movie for you . And shame on you Jennifer Aniston ... I thought you had better taste then to do a movie like this . I guess the $ $ was too good to pass up .
 Interesting concept with potential . Unfortunately it did n't go far or deep enough and did n't really have the substance for either a social commentary or even a comedy . The acting was OK but I wish I could have used my evening watching a better movie . Hot Tub Time Machine is much better because it was a comedy that stayed a comedy and did n't attempt a deeper meaning .
 This movie does n't have much going for it beyond the great cast . I 'm a big fan of Paul Rudd and Jennifer Aniston , but this movie just plodded along . The jokes were contrived and there was nothing really driving the plot forward . A lot of the characters were pretty horrible . There 's a long scene where Paul Rudd is saying foul things into a mirror that just went on forever , and was not funny . I 'd skip this one unless you are a die hard fan .
 If it was n't for some boobage -LRB- tons of old lady boobage , tho . -RRB- , I would have given this movie only one star . A really bad movie and the Jennifer Aniston character is pretty weak .
 It 's hard to know where to begin with this movie . From a technical standpoint , the entire production has a home movie / reality TV feel . As if the production used a single Best Buy videocam with just the built-in microphone , and was filmed in the diretor 's back yard . Music is added in an amateurish and perfunctory manner.But the script is really what distinguishes Wanderlust ... and puts it into the ` Plan 9 from Outer Space ' realm of badness . There was not one funny scene -LRB- not one ; it was an ordeal to sit through -RRB- ... the movie waddled from one embarrassing situation to the next -LRB- I felt sorry for the actors , though Jennifer Aniston seems increasingly to be involved in such doomed projects -RRB- . Perhaps the scriptwriter and director are so in love with the 60 's and the arrested development commune life depicted that scripted situations seemed funny -LRB- or maybe you need a toke to see the humor -RRB- but for the rest of us there was no irony ... the script is stupid , uncomfortable and just awful.The DVD cover picture seems to suggest this is a comedy - but there is not one laugh in the entire movie -LRB- not one , I tell you , unless you think a hippy 's impaired memory is a hoot ... in which case you would be better off with Cheech & Chong 's or Harold & Kumar 's classics -RRB- . I was truly convinced that there were no retakes in the film , and that most of the dialog was ad libbed . But outtakes were shown during the credits -LRB- maybe these were the only retakes -RRB- indicating that the cast seemed to think that much of the script was funny - I guess there really is no accounting for taste , is there.When the ordeal of watching Wanderlust ended for us -LRB- all 1 hour and 30 minutes of it -RRB- we were left wanting to see a real movie -LRB- or take a toke -RRB- just to get this out of our heads . We downloaded ` Get the Gringo ' with Mel Gibson . Now there is a great script with the right actor , and super comedy ... but that 's another story .
 Theme-Urban YUPPIES get fired find peace in country retreat with society 's castoffs-yawn ! I thought they stopped making movies like this ?
 I think there is exactly 40 minutes of decent film here , the rest looks like they were literally making it up as they went along . You can tell that some scenes were being improvised on the spot and they made the final cut , which tells you something ... Like I said , there is 40 minutes of good stuff here , funny stuff , but the rest of the sheeyit that was interspersed into the film made it hard to watch . Literally . There were some scenes where my friends and I were asking each other `` what the eff is going on here ? I ca n't stand this anymore , can I fast forward past this to the next scene ? '' extremely disappointing , especially when considering the talent that was cast . Oh well , at least I did n't waste $ 12 in the theatres on this dreck .
 All right folks if you decide to view Wanderlust be prepared for dissapointment . This movie has all the components to be a good flick . You have two super hot female leads in Jennifer Aniston and Malik Ackerman , addPaul Rudd and this movie should be hilarious . The only problem is the plot is terrible , and the dialogue is worse . You never connect with any of the characters except for Rudds brother whos name escapes me at the moment but he is the sole reason i give this movie 1 star instead of a big zero . Do yourselves a favor and do not watch this movie because it stinks . After reading this you ca n't say you were never warned.Honestly Yours , Jesse from Jersey
 Glad I did n't pay a whole lot to watch this movie , it was funny in parts but did n't really enjoy it overall
 I hate to even give this one star.This has to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen . . Tried to watch , but had to stop after 15 minutes . Thought Paul Rudd , Jennifer Aniston I like them both , need some light laughs . Boy was I wrong . Crude , stupid `` humor '' . Paul & Jennifer should be ashamed to be part of this horrible piece of trash.If you truly want to waste your money and your time watch this movie . You will be sorry you did . Absolute garbage .
 A great cast ca n't save this stinker . Tired plot , tired jokes . Got it as a bargain rental and still contemplated asking for a refund . Just not funny .
 Maybe I 'm old-fashioned , but this storyline struck me more as cognizant infidelity than curious exploration . Aniston 's character abandons her inhibitions in record time and is suddenly deaf , dumb , and blind to her husband 's feelings . The story felt forced and as a result , lost much in the way of humor .
 This movie had so much potential and just fell flat at every turn . It was very weird and had some pretty stupid moments in it . I just did n't get it really , and I have a pretty open mind .
 This is one of those movies that seems like a great idea on paper , but mostly winds up making predictable and easy jokes . It leans on so many things we 've seen before that it just left a bland taste in my mouth . It 's nothing personal , as all the actors involved are mostly top notch , there 's just no meat on this bone .
 Horrible movie , it appears to be made by a bunch of teen boys that have never been with a girl . It really sucks and would never show this movie to anyone that is under age . Would have expected more from this cast.Not good .
 This was a really bad movie . We think Anniston made it so she could be with her boyfriend , but it was n't funny at all and we wasted our money by renting it .
 A man is shown in full-frontal nudity repeatedly in the movie -LRB- the man holding up a glass in the picture above -RRB- . Near the end of the movie , a bunch of old men are also shown in full-frontal . However , there is little female nudity in the movie.There is a scene in which the Jennifer Aniston character and a bunch of other women take off their tops at a protest to get the attention of TV news cameras . The audience only sees a blurred-view . More female nudity would have made the movie more entertaining . Especially that scene.Some of the humor is contrived . The writers seem to think going on-and-on with a joke makes it funnier , but it does n't . When the Paul Rudd character has a chance to sleep with a good-looking woman with the permission of his wife -LRB- wife played by Jennifer Aniston -RRB- he is so nervous that he keeps saying strange things until the woman changes her mind . It 's unclear why the Paul Rudd character , who is level-headed most of the time , and has experience sleeping with a good-looking woman -LRB- his wife -RRB- , would get so nervous that he says strange things.There is another joke which goes on-and-on in which male TV new-reporters harrass a female reporter while on-the-air . This also gets less funny and less believable as it proceeds.The hippie characters are repeatedly referred to as vegan , but the Jennifer Aniston character is taught by them to milk a goat at the start of the movie . Vegans do n't drink milk . This discrepancy is n't explained . Nor are we told much about the food eaten at the commune . A message of the movie is eat meat instead of unspecified vegan food.Near the end of the movie , one of the hippies physically assaults the Paul Rudd character , and the other hippies just stand by . A hippie woman says that they believe in non-violence and so ca n't interfere . As if they could n't grab the assailant . If you want to see hippies ridiculed in this way -LRB- and other ways -RRB- , then rent the movie .
 I 'll watch a silly movie every now and then ... . this was unbearably bad . I just do n't understand what Jennifer Anniston and Paul Rudd were thinking !
 Could n't even finish this movie it was so bad . It will be a long time before I try another Aniston movie .
 This movie was bad to the bone . I can not believe how low some actors have gone for work . Not funny , not cute , nothing ...
 This movie was so sexual graphic I would never recommend it to anyone . It was border soft porn . Horrible movie !
 Wanderlust is a lazy comedy about a New York couple George -LRB- Paul Rudd -RRB- and Linda -LRB- Jennifer Aniston -RRB- who find themselves unemployed and unable to pay for their too small-too expensive studio apartment - excuse me - microloft that they have just purchased . So they decide to abandon it and head south to Atlanta for a job that George 's unbearable older brother Rick has set up for him . Along the way , they make a side stop at a kind of hippie bed and breakfast called Elysium . The commune is populated with all the stereotypical characters you see in comedies that poke fun of hippie culture . George takes a shine to it at first with its feel good , let it all go philosophy . Linda hates it of course . But they must have money so they proceed to Rick 's house where poor George is subjected to Rick 's lectures and overbearing nature because Rick is the success and George is n't . So they decide to head back to the commune where the tables turn and Linda starts loving the place and George hates it.Why ? Because Linda has taken a shine to Elysium 's alpha male Seth -LRB- Justin Theroux -RRB- and the prospect of free love with him . George is put off despite the promise of sex himself with the very attractive Eva -LRB- Malin Akerman -RRB- . In a cringe inducing moment , George actually has to psyche himself up for it by talking dirty to himself in the mirror and then torpedoes the whole thing when he ca n't stop talking dirty to Eva turning her off . Of course why would any one need extra encouragement when it 's Malin Akerman ? Oh well.Then there 's some artificial drama concerning a big corporation wanting to take over the land Elysium is on . That leads to your typical plot twist about who 's helping them -LRB- hint
 This movie went from worst to just plain bad . Even with named actors they could not carry this movie as it needed to be .
 I must say not one Jennifer Anistons best and I consider Myself a great fan.The Teaser Trailer was much Funnier than the movie as a whole . .
 I could n't even make it past the 30 minute mark before I shut this off . The characters were stereotypical and not well developed . Each character from the brother to the brother 's wife , were one-dimensional . The plot could have been written by anyone and the dialog was -LRB- at least for the first 30 minutes -RRB- predictable and boring.I 'm okay with crude jokes but they need to be clever for me to like them.There was nothing clever about this movie .
 I was completely disappointed in this film . I consider myself a Paul Rudd fan but I find myself questioning his mindset when he chose to act in this movie . From start to finish the movie drags on and on . This is one of those movies where you just hope it ends as soon as possible . It really is that awful ! You are warned !
 This is the worst movie I have seen . I was about to throw the TV out the window . Dont waste your money on it . Wait until its on TNT !
 The blue ray is fine but the regular DVD was n't included . The whole reason I bought it was for both and I only got the one . Little disappointing .
 The first half of the film surprisingly had some creative novel funnies and not the usual spiel that has been pulled out of the writer 's file cabinet where it is filed as `` been done & said untold times before '' for the sucker born every minute . But the last half of the movie just dragged with a predictable and repetitive storyline . Another example of writers not having enough creative range to fill out and then finish their script.Movies about a return to hippie , commune , peace & love living emerge from either LA or NY writers about every five years so we were due for this rendition . This one had mostly an east coast vibe largely because of the quirky `` dumb blonde '' hook filled as usual by Aniston although , admittedly , she performed the role quite well . Now that I think about it , I 'm not sure if that 's a compliment or not . Subplot and foil to the quirky blonde was the usual income & status driven male love interest as counterpoint to her now stereotypic quirk portrayals . The hIppies , of course , win the day against the evil developers & bankers , in showing that veggies rule over bank accounts and portfolios . Well , until push comes to shove.Restricted Rating Warning : It 's surprising how rarely full nudity is found in film given it 's inherently curious we are about the subject . Must be effective lobbying from Christian/Islamic/Hebrew doctrine keepers to hide such evil from the public . Church knows best , and their resources/influences run deep . No models - just the body next door . Adding fuel to the fire are drugs and obnoxious , self-interested behavior -LRB- greed -RRB- .
 Paul Rudd must have a particular fondness for hippies because he seems to love either playing them or playing off them . They make for relatively easy laughs and breezy comedies , similar to Rudd 's performance as the free-spirited moron in last year 's Our Idiot Brother . Hippies are fun , and they make for relatively soft targets for a likable actor like Rudd . Wanderlust , the latest comedy from the Judd Apatow umbrella , has Rudd paired up with a familiar face in Jennifer Aniston . Even though the two have n't done a movie together since 1998 's The Object of My Affection , they spent plenty of time together on the set of Friends . Their chemistry together is on point , and the bulk of the film 's laughs come between one another . Separately , Wanderlust succumbs to a drowsy script that ca n't overcome the slight plot.George -LRB- Rudd -RRB- and Linda -LRB- Aniston -RRB- are a seemingly happy married couple devoted to the idea of setting up their lives in bustling New York City . He 's a businessman of some sort , while she just seems to be drifting from career to career . At this point she wants to be a documentary film maker ... about penguins with terminal cancer . It does n't go well . But their commitment is strong , and are pushed by a hilariously unscrupulous real estate agent -LRB- Linda Lavin !! -RRB- into buying a high priced `` micro-loft '' , which turns out to be a closet sized studio apartment . George almost immediately loses his job , whatever it was , and unable to afford the lifestyle , they find themselves headed to Atlanta to stay with his scummy but successful brother -LRB- Ken Marino -RRB- . Disaster strikes during the interminable road trip , in the form of a hairy nudist -LRB- Joe Lo Truglio -RRB- and his floppy man sack chasing them into a freak accident . Forced to stay at the ironically named Elysium Bed & Breakfast , they discover that it 's actually a hippie commune , or as its leader Seth -LRB- Justin Theroux -RRB- calls it , an `` intentional community '' . The big city folks quickly fall in love with the relaxed nature and the close-knit bonds forged among the denizens , and after a wild night of drinking , pot smoking , and being treated like beatnik royalty , George and Linda feel they 've found a new home.No more stress , no more reliance on technology , and no more barriers.Basically every hippie joke you can think of becomes an instant factor , whether it 's farm animals turning up in the oddest places , wacky acid trips , and shocking infringements on one 's personal space . It 's all stuff you 've seen before , but Rudd and an excellent supporting cast do their best to make it work . You know from the start that Seth has his eyes on Linda , who is acclimating to the group better than George ever could hope to . You know where it 's going , but Theroux shines as the manliest guy in a town full of pacifists.Rudd nearly saves the day , however , especially as George 's perceptions of the group begin to shift from enthusiastic follower to caustic observer . Tempted by a free lovin ' sex pot -LRB- Malin Akerman -RRB- , George is willing to give up good food , bathroom privacy , and his favorite local coffee to give the lifestyle a shot . If only Rudd help from a better script , one which was n't so devoted to skit show cliches . Too often the film feels razor thin , like screenwriters Ken Marino and director David Wain came up with the idea on the fly to do a hippie movie , but never got past the conceptual stage . Basically , it 's like they just assembled a talented group of comedic heavyweights and said `` Have at it '' . Not everybody is capable of making chicken salad out of chicken crap the way Rudd can , and unfortunately too many scenes do n't work for that very reason . It 's sad to watch the great Alan Alda wasting away with a one-note bit that is never funny , yet repeated over and over again as if we 'll suddenly change our minds about it . Sometimes that works , but not often.A look at the trailers for the film show a number of scenes that were apparently left on the cutting room floor , which makes the inclusion of some of the worst jokes utterly confusing . George 's excruciating , profanity-laden attempts to psych himself up for some guilt free sex is a serious low point . It 's only matched by a mother who gives birth to a baby right at George 's feet , then proceeds to lug the placenta around like luggage . Why is this funny?Nearly all of the offensively lame attempts at humor come in the second half of the film , when it appears that Wain and Co. basically threw in the towel . For the first hour or so , Wanderlust moves at a solid pace , letting it 's two charming leads tell what was a clever fish-out-of-water story . Too bad it all vanishes in a puff of smoke .
 Rudd has no leading man qualities . Few actors can make you long for the talents of Ben Stiller , but Rudd is one of them . As a second lead , great . -LRB- 40 yr old virgin , for example -RRB- But as a lead ? no way . Aniston plays a post-collegiate 20-something who is trying to find herself . Of course , Aniston is 40 + . And that 's only the start of the `` R U Kidding Me '' stupidity of Wanderlust . This movie will be remembered as one of the increasingly annoying films from the shallow talent pool of Judd Aptow 's stable of boy-men . A talent-less snooze fest .
 I thought this would be a great movie because Jennifer Aniston was in it . I also loved the title but the movie turned about to be weird . The character 's character changed abruptly and it was difficult to tell if they were being sarcastic or if they really changed -LRB- for a few minutes -RRB- .
 I was hoping it was going to be a funny movie . A lot of people from The State were in it so I knew it was going to be funny . Not so much . It had moments . I love Paul Rudd and thought he could be the reason the movie would be great ... he was n't . I enjoyed watching the movie but probably wo n't watch it again .
 It had a solid cast , a few jokes but overall I was rather disappointed in its drawn out storyline and failure to capture my attention . I think while watching it I kept checking Facebook to see if anything else was more entertaining than this movie .
 The only reason I had to watch this Movie was because it stars my Favorite Lady of Hollywood , Jennifer Anniston , and I was also curious about her new Fiance , Justin Theroux , who is by the way a HUNK , and he also made the Movie really funny . It is a Corky , Screwball , Left Field Foul Ball of a Movie but it had its moments . If your a die hard Jennifer Anniston fan then yeah , you got ta see it , if not then do n't waste your time . 2 StarsRobin , Athens , Georgia
 Only one word , awful . The only thing positive is that it shows just how screwed up the hippy movement was . I was in my teens when that experiment began and I was totally turned off .
 Not worth the time . Good actors but that 's about it - I expected more , especially after watching the funny preview . I stopped watching after a while ...
 I am not a prude . I watch lots of slasher movies including the first 3 from the saw franchise so I am not overly squeamish . Wanderlust however made me so nauseous that I lost my cookies in a big way . They kept describing smells ... and then when the main character started talking dirty to himself in the mirror I just lost it . Might just be me but I doubt it . In the outtakes he even said he was grossing himself out . Maybe if I had n't spent time in a commune myself back in the 70 's the descriptions of the smells would n't have come across so vividly for me , but I would n't watch it again . I am curious to know if anyone else reacted like I did .
 When a pair of New Yorkers are unexpectedly unemployed , they set out for his brother 's home in Georgia . There is an entertaining travel montage
 This movie was predictable from the beginning , crude and just plain bad . I would never recommend this movie or watch it again .
 The movie was funny and I liked it , but about middle ways it started acting up . It took a long time to get to the end . It would stop and start ... a lot
 That by far was the worse movie Jennifer every made . I watch the previews of Chelsea lately and they promoted it to be the funniest movie that year . Boy , were they wrong .
 Amazon.com Gift Cards - In a Gift Box - Free One-Day ShippingNot very original about hippies in a commune without the sixty 's music . My Grandpa might like it . How about something more up to date ?
 Not funny , bad story , ect . . Save your money ! You will thank me later :--RRB- if you wan na laugh look elsewhere . . its not here
 Ok so I love Jennifer Aniston 's work . Almost all of her movies have been enjoyable so I am really surprised that I did n't like this one , at all . Whom ever wrote the script for this movie knew what potentially could be funny but could n't execute . American Pie , hilarious and just as ronchy but it was executed well . This movie just left you staring at the screen going ... wow ... how much longer is this ? I paid $ 16 - for this ??? It 's a shame because I was looking for one redeeming quality about this movie , for instance , one liners that are funny ... like ` this one time , at band camp ' :-RRB- I was shocked that there was n't even that . Really sad that is movie was so poorly scripted and directed . Spend your money elsewhere ... sorry Jen . Also received Monty Python 's search for the holy grail ... now that is timeless comedy . Will be watching that tonight trying to erase the sorry mess this movie was .
 Unless you like foul language , a bad plot , and other unpleasant things , you might want to avoid this movie . I love Alan Alda , but this was a bomb . I had mute most of the movie because it was disgusting . Stopped it finally when I could n't take any more .
 not much to say about the movie not happy with the video download from amazon . I will not ever rent a movie from this format again
 I took a chance watching this movie starring Jennifer and Justin who appear to have an admirable off screen relationship . What a disappointment . I agree with all the 1-star ratings . These reviewers hit the nail on the head . The first thing that came to mind was `` B '' movie with a scholastic grade of D - for rotten storyline mixed with trashy dialogue . The best thing that came out of this movie must have been real life proposal . Maybe Justin will write a quality script and he and Jennifer can produce another movie to make up for this awful one as in
 Rented this movie this weekend.Comedies are supposed to bring you up not slam you down face first like this one did for me.You do -LRB- or at least I did -RRB- get attached to some of these characters and can relate to them.However , the cheating/open relationship part really blew the movie up in my face.They could have presented that scene any other way and it could have worked or even been funny but I just felt so gross watching that moment that I wanted to vomit.Comedies are not supposed to make you do that ... unless from laughing so hard , which I have before . -LRB- Not with this movie -RRB- . The only saving grace were the bloopers at the end reminding that I was just watching a movie , it was real and actually had me laughing . Too bad the rest of the movie did not.I think this was supposed to be a comedy but I think it was anything but.It was closer to a wild west movie or even a foreign film than it was to a comedy , that 's how unfunny it was.I give it 2 thumbs down , I 'd give more thumbs if I had any .
 Ir 's bad enough that you 'll want your 90 minutes back after watching this waste of Paul Rudd and Jennifer Aniston 's talent -LRB- assuming you keep watching after the ` mirror scene ' -RRB- , do n't make it worse by spending actual money on it . Wait for cable if you must .
 George -LRB- Paul Rudd -RRB- and Linda -LRB- Jennifer Aniston -RRB- are a pretentious NY couple . When their jobs go south , so do they , to live with Paul 's uncouth brother -LRB- Ken Marino -RRB- in Atlanta . Unable to live with him , they opt to go live in a hippy commune . As it turns out the members are not as likeable as George originally thought and one has designs on his wife.I kept waiting for the film to become funny and break out of its predictable mold . It never did . Perhaps the funniest thing was Aniston ranting about Penguins being killed by global warming and living with the seals and polar bears in the Arctic . I did n't know if it was intended to show Aniston 's character was stupid or the writer of the script was stupid . Penguins do n't live in the Arctic . And since no one at HBO caught the goof while watching her film , I bet it was a stupid mistake made by writers who are not smarter than a fifth grader.I was bored for most of the film.Parental Guide
 I had to stop the movie about fifty minutes in , I was actually becoming embarrassed for the actors , especially Theroux , his character was the cringeworthiest . The movie is great for film students wanting to learn how NOT to portray a romantic interest , because they made Theroux so foolish that I ca n't imagine how he 'll receive future roles or be considered attractive . Or maybe I 'm wrong , Aniston seems to star in failure after failure and works steadily , so ... Very , very unfunny and just plain strange movie , its shocking that they released it at all . And , though I was pleasantly surprised to see a few of the cast members from the ancient MTV comedy show The State -LRB- which I enjoyed , I think I was the only one -RRB- , I know that movies which they star in are usually not so great , so I was immediately suspicious , and my suspicions were correct.I have no idea if they -- The State members , wrote the script , and I do n't even care enough to find out , but I will tell you this ; I truly could have gone without seeing one of The State members in full frontal nudity scenes , I 'm not prudishly opposed to nudity , I just do n't want to see him naked , thank you very much , its just too weird . And finally , it was hard to watch an incredible actor like Alan Alda in this film , for a lot of reasons .
 -- And not even worthy of one star -LRB- but Amazon forces you to choose a rating , so hence -- my one-star feedback -RRB- . Oy . What a disaster . Unless , of course , you 're Ms. Aniston or Mr. Rudd who are laughing all the way to the bank with their this-script-beyond-sucks-but-holy-crap-you 'll - pay-me-how-much paychecks . This lame piece of junk is just a bunch of tired cliches tied together with continuous punches of look-at-how-vulgar-we-can-be that is being marketed as `` clever . '' I 'm no prude , but this is not even good bad humor . It 's just ... TOTAL BLAH . Bottom line
 It made me cry because I did n't want to keep watching it , but I felt I had to because I paid for it . Terrible acting , the plot was horrid and I feel like I got dumber from watching it .
 However , it was okay . But it 's one of those movies where stupid things just keep happening . Gets old after a while .
 First , there 's a sticker on the front that says &#34; DVD Now Kiosks &#34; Insert This Way , clearly indicating this DVD was stolen from a DVD machine . Strike one.Besides the fact that there 's no security tape on here , being that it 's stolen , there 's simply nothing &#34; like new &#34; about this . The top of the dvd has finger smudges , crumb-like particles , and unidentifiable crud . Strike two.If I could get past the apparently thievery of this dvd , I might be okay with it , if the dvd had at least looked like it was cleaned once . Did n't happen . Strike three.This product and purchase deserves a giant FAIL.Can ' t wait to re-gift this ... not .
 This movie was painful to watch . It actually was n't so horrible until a little bit in . For once someone in a Jennifer Aniston movie was more annoying than her character . Paul Rudd was horrible . In one scene he 's talking to himself in the mirror to pump himself up for sex and saying things like , `` I 'm gon na get all up in that vag . '' And then he repeats this and the like for what feels like forever in some of the dumbest voices I 've ever heard . Not funny at all . I 'm hard to offend but this was just BAD . It would be insanely uncomfortable to watch this with any older members of my family . God , it was uncomfortable just watching this alone . Would any woman sleep with this man ? The fact that two women in this movie wanted to seemed insane and just wishful thinking on the part of whatever idiots wrote this script . I kept praying some wild animal would eat Paul Rudd during this scene just so he would shut up .
 I was so disappointed in this movie . We never would have pegged 2 stars like Aniston and Rudd would be in such a low class , B type movie . At one point Rudd has a scene where he is talking into a mirror , he goes on and on and on and on , it is painful watch . So distasteful . Do n't waste your time or money .
 What a let down . What a waste of talented funny actors . What a terribly unfunny film . What terrible screenwriting . Unwatchable .
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen . Did I watch it to the end ? Well yes , I like my endings , but I fast fowarded it through about 20 minutes . It 's not that it was too vulgar or that I am a prude . It is just a really bad movie . I like the actors , just not this movie .
 I did n't like it . I saw that other reviewers said this movie was n't for the `` prudish '' . I would take this further to say it 's not for people with morals or expectations of a storyline/character development.The storyline seemed to be thrown together . The characters were not fully developed and consequently the plot seemed juvenile.There were several scenes where the director let the scene take much longer than it should have ... Paul Rudd psyching himself up , the nudist 's running . Pretty awkward scenes when no one in the audience is laughing.And that 's how the whole movie felt.Awkward scenes.Mouthy characters.Old Nudists.No one laughing .
 The video quality for this was awful , not even close to HD . Asked for a credit but got no response . One star for the quality , would give the movie as a whole 3 stars , it was funny .
 This movie started out good but somewhere in the middle it just lost steam and got boring . They tried to wrap in a flimsy plot but it just fell flat . I dont even think it was really all that crude or vulgar just not funny . I do not recommend it , the trailer has all the good parts in it . I wish i could get a time refund .
 The Wanderlust - movie Would not recommend this to anyone . It was vulgar and really not something I would want to see again .
 I LOVE inappropriate/FUNNY movies but this one is DISGUSTING !! there are some things that you cant unsee . DONT BUY IT OR RENT IT !!
 While there are some extremely funny scenes , there 's a lot of content that 's just so horribly put together . If you do choose to view this , fast-forward through the scene where George starts talking to himself in the bathroom mirror . It 's a never-ending scene of him saying things like `` I 'm gon na f *** the s *** out of you '' , `` I 'm gon na f *** you '' and ON AND ON in different STUPID voices . -LRB- It 's not the language , it 's the STUPID voices that I hated . -RRB- I think that was just the most painful scene of all , as it was just BEYOND horribly awful , and went on forever . Who writes crap like this?The movie is very disjointed - the `` plot '' does n't have a good flow . Some parts were very entertaining , most of it was really weird -LRB- but who 'd expect anything other than weird with a plot centered around a hippie like commune ? -RRB- - and a LOT of the weird was REALLY LAME.I wish we 'd have gone with a different movie .
 The movie was very strange but did get better at the very end . The comedy must 've not been my style but I usually can do just any type of comedy .
 mildly amuzing-that is all there is to say-acting-probably one of Jennifer 's worst-she must have needed a paycheck-was fun to see Alan Alda
 As much as I like Jennifer Aniston , this is a very bad movie.In order to fully appreciate how bad this movie really is , one has to watch it till the very end . At first , it seems that the wife of the couple is the stupid one , while the husband is just tired and unlucky . But at the end it gets clear that both are complete idiots -LRB- and that is why they are married -RRB- . There are only few funny jokes . Most of them are captured in the trailer for this movie.If you are still curious , watch it , but do not spend too much money . I spent around 20 dollars on DVD . It does not worth it .
 The acting is terrible . Can Jennifer Aniston ever play a role of some quality?This movie had weak characters and a weak story.Will the day ever return when we no longer have the need to show male and female genitals in order to sell tickets.I could go on forever , but please do not rent or buy this movie .
 This movie , for me , had so much potential . Paul Rudd is an incredible comedic actor , and I had high hopes for Justin Theroux . Jennifer Aniston , in every role since Friends , plays the `` Rachel '' - like character and frankly it is getting old . This movie is simply not funny .
 I had high hopes for this movie . The trailer looked pretty funny . I 'm a big Paul Rudd fan . He was actually really great in this movie , but the story line SUCKED . It had a bazar cadence , with disheveled emotions . The end is especially stupid . What turned me off the most , is how this movie played on the stereo type that all earth friendly , hippy types who live an alternat life style , are in a cult . The leader of the commune in this movie is an egotistical jerk - right from the beginning . This is just such a main stream , cynical view of free thinking , spiritual , alternative , vegan , type of people . This movie just leaves a bad taste in you 're mouth . The only reason I did n't give it 1 star , was that Paul Rudd and Jenifer Aniston were really good .
 Raunchy , vulgar , disgusting , and not all that funny . I like Jennifer Aniston -LRB- usually -RRB- , but this one was not so great .
 The setup of Wonderlust will be familiar for any couple who 's lived in Manhattan , battling to pay a mortgage for a closet-sized apartment and then wondering what happens if one or the other loses their jobs . Naturally , this happens here so the couple lose their apartment and then embark on a spiritual journey to find their purpose in life outside the Big Apple.The first 30 minutes are the funniest part of the film , with Ken Marino playing the over-the-top successful brother and Michaela Watkins hilarious as his drunk , unhappy wife . Unfortunately , this section is dispatched quickly and we 're rapidly dumped at the beginning of the unfunny part of the film - arriving at the commune.Think of every hippie cliche you can in 60 seconds and turn them into a series of SNL sketches - this is what the rest of the movie comprises . We have sharing bathrooms , sharing wives , nudists , talking to trees into the forest , hallucinogenic drugs , drums circles - you name it , it 's been shoe-horned into one sketch after the other.In the midst of this , the comedy quotient drops continuously and there 's an uneasy feeling half-way through that the plot has officially left the rails . Every joke feels overly set up and forced and it relies enormously on Paul Rudd 's reaction to the whole thing . There 's notably a truly weird scene featuring redneck dirty talk that feels strangely out of place . Towards the end , the ever-important happy ending is hastily thrown together to reset everybody back to a state where they were better for the experience.Wanderlust is neither funny nor dramatic . It 's like somebody neutered The Beach and replaced the dramatic intensity with half-baked SNL jokes . It 's s shame that with the strength of the cast there was n't any material hiding in the script to play off .
 I do n't know how anyone can say this was a good movie . I found it rank , STUPID , boring , lousy acting , lousy plot , not entertaining , and a waste . If it did n't star Paul Rudd and Jennifer Aniston then it would n't draw ANY viewing .
 Worst movie I 've seen in 5 years ! The police department should use this movie as an interrogation tool . After 5 minutes I would confess .
 The best part of this video is some of the outdoor scenes . The plot is rediculous and the acting is mediocre.I would not recommend it unless you like to see a naked man .
 I think it is stupid I have to write 18 words to rate a movie . I think the stars should be enough .
 Linda -LRB- Jennifer Aniston -RRB- and George -LRB- Paul Rudd -RRB- have it all -- great jobs , a wonderful marriage and a shiny new microloft in the heart of New York City in which to toast their success . Well , that is until George loses his job and Linda 's documentary is passed up on by HBO . So now what 's a hip , happening couple to do ? Taken in by George 's douchey brother , they struggle to find their place in the world . After a refreshing overnight stay at Elysium , the couple decides to make their home more permanently at the rural commune , only to find the free-spirited life is n't quite what it seems.You know those movies where the trailer looks absolutely hilarious but then when you watch it you realize that all the funny parts were already in the trailer and you 've essentially wasted your time ? Yeeeeah . This is one of those movies . Do n't get me wrong -- I 'm not saying Wanderlust was n't funny , because it certainly did have its moments , but those parts are very far and very few between . Overall , for the type of movie it was , it was conventional and generic . Again , this is one of those times where high expectations led to severe disappointment . Wain and Rudd 's previous collaborations -LRB- Wet Hot American Summer and Role Models -RRB- were total winners . I mean , the concept -- taking a modern , hip couple and throwing them into a hippie-style commune -- is comedy gold . So then where did it all go wrong?Let 's start with the casting . Aniston is n't someone you 'd expect to see in a raunchy comedy and I suppose since her stint in Horrible Bosses , she 's trying hard to break away from her rom-com typecasting . But I have to say , she just looked like a fish out of water . It just was n't a role that suited her . Rudd , on the other hand , was right at home with his composed-man-meets-crazy-antics act . He practically invented and perfected the dry wit and sarcastic humour bit and he 's about the movie 's only saving grace because of it . I feel like everything else was just too forced or over the top to be funny . Wanderlust was a let-down and in no way lives up to Wain 's previous credits . Yes , some of the characters are quirky but they grow to be too awkward and unbelievable for my liking . The plot was a mash-up of dull hippy clich&eacute;s and it got old very quickly . I honestly had a better time watching the trailer than I did the feature-length film , which is saying something.Food for Thought
 `` Wanderlust '' functions less as a film than it does as a series of comedy sketches stitched together . Starring two attractive and funny leads -LRB- Paul Rudd and Jennifer Aniston -RRB- and featuring even more likable and funny actors in supporting roles -LRB- Justin Theroux , Lauren Ambrose , Malin Akerman , Alan Alda , etc. -RRB- ; there is no shortage of talent here to mine . What 's lacking is a consistent , cohesive storyline and believable character development.Comedy Sketch 1
 I hated this movie . It seemed to have every cliche in the book . I expected it to be very funny , with Jennifer Aniston and Paul Rudd . It was n't .
 I love Paul Rudd , but this is not one of his best movies . Very Very low budget and not a lot to keep your attention .
 This dvd was in the ` used-very good ' condition category , but it skips the whole movie . It skips in some of the best parts , too ! Overall , horrible quality .
 Upon viewing the trailers , I waited in anticipation to see this movie . I have just seen it and the first thing I did was google the writer to see if maybe he is a wealthy personality , who once had his money stolen during an armored car transfer and maybe this script was now his closure and revenge ? This movie ought to be entitled `` How stupid can you be with 42 million dollars '' ? The subtitle should read `` Why did n't you just stay home '' ? Some of the other reviews here talk of `` predictability '' in this movie . Are we reviewing the same film -LRB- Armored -RRB- ? To the contrary , this movie is so depressingly unpredictable , that it breaks your heart . Some of the other reviews speak of a `` great story line '' , only if you are some law enforcement officer with an axe to grind , I guess . One review speaks of star power at it 's peak and `` everyone did a bang-up job '' . Again , what movie did you see , because this was a complete waist of star power . I do n't even know why Lawrence Fishburne accepted a script like this ? Jean Reno 's character seems almost catatonic . They did the best they could with what they had to work with script wise , but it was so far beneath what could have been . We all know that crime does n't pay and you will definitely reap what you sow , but a heist movie should be about the heist , a great getaway , the ensuing chase , the investigation and just maybe the icing on the cake of a total eluding of all who chase them ! I 'm sorry , if it 's not broken , do n't fix it ! Classic subject scenario 's require `` predictability '' . If the predictability is anticipated and enjoyable , then it 's a bankable asset . In a tangent comparison , people do n't seem to care if most popular music sounds the same these days and it does , to it 's most boring , mediocre ultimate ever . Society seems to be so tolerant of mediocrity in music , but so intolerant of a little predictability in films ; why ? It 's so backwards . Instead of screwing up the classic ingredient of just enough predictability of a heist movie to keep the enjoyability , it would be nice to bring real music back ; music that has interesting progressions , beautiful changes , deep rhythms , bridges and uniqueness -LRB- thanks for bearing with my momentary , analytic metaphor -RRB- . This movie leads you on to think that six blue collar guys , with bills and mortgages , get tired of transporting millions of dollars for their peanut paychecks and decide to cash in for a change , only to get caught up in the most ridiculous , needless , chaotic , foolishness that I have ever seen , in depressing reality . Instead , you end up waiting hopelessly for the scenario to somehow reset from chaos , back to the getaway , but sadly , it never does . The setback becomes the subject matter and spirals relentlessly downward . If you want to see someone -LRB- who makes a bad decision to steal -RRB- get caught before they even get started , watch `` Cops '' . Why not let them shoplift , or steal some ones wallet , or how about a convenience store holdup ? Something menial in comparison . Then let them get caught and do they 're time -LRB- with plenty of action , drama and intensity therein -RRB- , but $ 42,000,000.00 ?? Come on ! It 's heart wrenching and depressing to watch . I mean really , who enjoys seeing $ 42 million get blown up ? Where is the slickness , sophistication , smooth execution and intelligence of a well thought out plan , that takes everyone by surprise ? The kind that leaves you breathless , wondering `` wow , look at the way they pulled that off '' ! That is where the excitement , intensity and unpredictability is in a heist picture and this never gets old . It 's classic and can be enjoyed over and over . So what if it 's `` predictable '' in it 's basic story line ? SO WHAT ?? Some things in life are timeless . At least let them get home with the money James ! Spike Lee 's `` Inside Man '' -LRB- in reference -RRB- , is ingenious and a more enjoyable formula for meInside Man -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- . All that said , congratulations are still in order to James V. Simpson for selling `` armored '' , his first script . Just please do n't write any more about bank jobs and heists James -LRB- cause you do n't get it -RRB- and if you want to write about a hero , do n't make him a rat the next time . Really , if this picture was about true morality , then `` Hackett '' -LRB- Columbus Short -RRB- should have been held responsible for ever agreeing to go along with the heist ! He still was part of it and would have left with the money as well , if no one got hurt , right ? How does he just go home at the end of it , with a totally clear conscious and a possible reward to boot ?? He essentially -LRB- though inadvertently -RRB- caused his partners deaths , by being such a selfish punk . A far cry from the heart , guts and grit of `` Little Walter '' in Cadillac Records ... I am so sorry that I purchased this DVD ...
 While the script of this movie is so full of holes that it becomes laughable , the movie does have minimal entertainment value because some of the acting and action sequences are decent . And in fact , the underlying `` story '' is so mindless , so shallow , and so amateurish , that these aspects become entertaining in themselves , in the `` so bad that it 's good '' manner , reminiscent of the old Mystery Science Theatre 3000 shows . So I guess if you approach this film with low or no expectations , you will get some enjoyment out of it .
 This movie had a great concept . But in the end , the plot was just dumb.It made no sense . The `` good '' guy has a change of heart mid-heistbecause he wants no blood on his hands , only every action he takescauses more blood to be shed . It was n't realistic . I think given thesituation , he would have had to continue with the status quo once in asdeep as he was . Why cause all the chaos ? I never want to see the goodguy get killed , but as I watched this movie , I did . I enjoy a goodheist movie , and this one had an all star cast , but all I can wonder ishow this ever got funding . It disappoints on every level . The plot hasto be well developed , and this one was n't . Given the main character ` sfinancial dilemma , I also think it did n't make sense for him to turnagainst his partners . It 's the kind of movie where a guy like him wouldgo through with it , and perhaps have his conscience nag at him later.Then , some suspense could have been developed in that regard in termsof the other members of the team going to lengths to keep his mouthshut . I really wanted to like this . Instead , I ended up yelling at myTV in anger .
 Length :
 This looked promising at first . A great cast , interesting plot , and then after about 20 minutes it became predictable and boring . The fact that this movie could not make it past an hour and 20 minutes is a sign that the makers had trouble with this flick . I would n't bother -- to be honest about it . It gets a c - from me . There are better movies to pick from .
 Armored stars Mat Damon is Mike , the leader of a security team which comprises of Laurence Fishburne , Jean Reno , Skeet Ulrich , and Amaury Nolasco , and Ty -LRB- Columbus Short -RRB- who is also having problems on the family front as he has to take care of his brother facing problems at school . Mike dreams of a scheme to steal 42 million dollars from the security company . Ty is initially against it but when social services comes to door and threatens to take away his brother , he reluctantly agrees . The heist starts as planned but when a homeless man is accidentally killed , Ty has a change of heart and goes against the wishes of others . One could easily detect the movie and its ultimate end . The charaters are portrayed well but acting talent in Damon and Fishburne is wasted . I thought the movie was just okay and offered me nothing new / two stars 6/18/10
 I had moderate expectations for this by-the-numbers heist flick . I really like the cast , and was begging for some predictable but action packed entertainment . Is that too much to ask?Apparently so . This starts off fairly strong , as the group plan their act . Of course nothing goes smoothly in the life of crime.When people are placed in stressful situations , they inevitably are going to panic and make foolish decisions . I totally understand that . But this has some of the most ludicrous , incomprehensible moments that defy any sense of logic . Moments that would not even be attempted in a freakin dream ! It completely undermines the entire story . Your brain does not turn that far off . As long as people accept this kind of silly junk from Hollywood they are gon na keep dishing it out . Please stop!Say no to stupidity .
 Yeah , ARMORED is not a good movie . I had a pretty low expectation , and even that was not met . I was looking for mindless action done with some style ... and did n't even get that . For example , THE TRANSPORTER is , by most measures , a pretty bad movie . Yet it has a flash , a moxie and level of skill when depicting action that it 's actually pretty enjoyable . Turn off mind and just absorb some eye-candy . ARMORED makes you turn off your mind , and then nearly fall asleep.It 's about a group of employees for an armored truck company who decide that they are going to fake a heist so that they can steal the $ 42 million they will be traveling with . So we 're introduced to a very bland group of these guys , including Matt Dillon , Jean Reno & Laurence Fishburne . The obligatory `` new guy '' is played by Columbus Short . He 's a decent fella who 's run into some serious money trouble after returning from duty in Iraq . So he reluctantly agrees to go along with the plot ... because `` no one will get hurt '' after all.Nearly half the darn movie is taken up with introducing us to this gang and then making us wonder if the new guy will join the heist ... as if there was any doubt . There is no character development , just locker room scenes and bar scenes . The script is bland and we get literally no real sense of these men as people . They are devices.Finally , the heist begins , and if you think `` no one will get hurt '' then you are n't much a movie-goer . Things go wrong and then they go worse . Watching these guys make one stupid decision after another is amusing , I guess ... but to say it strains credulity is putting it mildly . And yet a movie with no brain CAN be fun ... if it has pace and momentum . ARMORED has neither . The men basically spend the final half of the film in one small section of an abandoned warehouse/factory complex ... yelling at each other and essentially proving yet again that there is no honor among thieves.It 's deeply dull , and everyone is wasted in their roles . Some major screen performers such as Jean Reno and Fred Ward almost literally make no impression . Each time you see them , you practically think , `` oh hey , I forgot he was in this film . `` It 's tempting to give just one star ... but I usually save those for films that actively anger me with their awfulness . This one just disappointed and bored me ... thus , a huge 1.5 stars . AVOID !
 A tale of a heist gone wrong with themes that if you want too much money in your life , well , you get the idea . It 's a basic tale with few surprises even if the cast is more than I thought it would be . The biggest problem with this film is that if you 've seen one or two of these types of films you wo n't be in for anything new . The characters are done better than the tale . This film cost about $ 20M to make and yielded a similar amount at the Box Office . STORY/PLOTTING
 so little joy . The cast is loaded . The plot falls apart , fast . The viewer can bemoan the waste .
 this movie did not deliver . not worth seeing . here i was rooting for the guys to get the money but some fool had to mess it all up . waste of time .
 This movie has problems that keep it from being good : - Stupid , lame characters who should 've killed the main character when they had the chance to . - It 's main character
 Terrible ! Just terrible . Over-acting , weak plot . I did n't expect much when I rented this On Demand , but it failed to meet even my low expectations . Do n't bother .
 I found this movie pretty boring with little to no story . It is hard to follow . I am under the impression its a cobbled together story about how certain people slowly become homicidle killers . It is all set in the same wooded national park setting , hence a super low budget filem .
 Do n't fall for the `` language unknown '' remark . It 's French and I do n't have the interest or time to read subtitles . Fast forwarded through it and did n't seem interesting enough to bother with subtitles .
 UNLESS YOU BUY THE MOVIE IN BLU-RAY VERSION UNDER $ 5.00 DO IT ! , OTHERWISE DO N'T WASTE YOU MONEY
 I confess I 'm usually a sucker for French films . Ever since seeing a young Gerard Depardieu in Tenue de Soiree back in the mid-80s I 've appreciated the irreverant edge often found in low-budget high-intellect French movies . So of course I was prepared to enjoy Hors de Prix.Unfortunately my expectations were defeated abruptly . Irine -LRB- the Audrey Tautou character -RRB- is so utterly without charm or redeeming features that one simply does not feel Jean 's love for her is credible - or , conversely , one feels that if Jean loves her he is a cretin . The sequence in which he seeks her out and apologizes for pretending to be rich , and in which she then bankrupts him by forcing him to buy her expensive meals and clothing , is n't funny - it 's just painful . Irine is an unpleasant grasping whore and Jean is a simpleton . Their love -LRB- if such it can be called -RRB- is n't inspiring or charming , it 's just unbelievable.Whereas Pretty Woman was unreal enough to create a fantasy world in which True Love could triumph , Hors de Prix is too real and so we never believe the central premise
 Stupid , Stupid , Stupid , Stupid , Stupid , Stupid , Stupid , Stupid , Stupid , Stupid , Stupid , Stupid , Stupid , Stupid , Stupid , Stupid , Stupid , Stupid , Stupid , Stupid , Stupid , Stupid , Stupid , Stupid , Stupid , Stupid , Stupid , Stupid , Stupid , Stupid , Stupid , Stupid !!! Did I mention it was S T U P I D !
 Travelscope is an interesting concept ... In theory . Unfortunately , after watching numerous episodes I have to say Joseph Rosendo comes across as a totally self important , tries to be cute egomaniac . I 'd pass on this very poorly hosted series .
 This is a fun movie . It really is nothing more than an R rated -LRB- and not all that R rated -RRB- tv movie . But it 's fun , harmless , and amusing . There are definitely worse ways to spend an evening than watching this pleasant movie .
 The plot of this movie centers around one of the most ubiquitous of human traits
 Despite game attempts by Tim Matheson and Kate Capshaw to generate heat , `` A Little Sex '' fails to ignite a single spark . With a script entirely devoid of situational tension or even tittilation , the viewer is left wondering why this film was made . When I first saw this movie , in a theater in the year of its release , I would 've walked out had I been the one to drive . -LRB- I later had the misfortune of producing a cut-down trailer for TV . -RRB- I had n't walked out on a movie since `` Juggernaut '' in 1974 or 1975 . The only recommendable thing about this movie is the fact that you 'll be watching it on video and will have something -LRB- the tape itself -RRB- upon which to vent your rage . You will be in a rage when you 've wasted time on what could possible be the most boring movie of all time . Do n't believe me ? Give it a try , but when you start feeling the life-force being sucked right out of your skull , do n't say that ralph@loop.com did n't warn you !
 The Bottom Line : A movie whose iconic nature has prevented many people from realizing that it 's actually a rather poor film , Dracula is only worth watching to see Bela Legosi provide the definitive version of the world 's most famous vampire ; aside from Legosi the movie has little to offer besides lethargic pacing , a complete anti-climax of an ending , and uninspired direction by Tod Browning .
 The acting was very putrid . However , Bela Lugosi is still the best screen vampire with that unforgettable smile of a bite . How he he puctures holes without fangs is still a mystery to me . The plot was drab and usual .
 This is quite possibly the most overated film of all time . It is not a good movie . Keeping in mind the time in which it was made , it is still bad compared to other movies of the time . The acting is bad , it does n't even come close to following the book -LRB- but then again , what Dracula movie does ? -RRB- , and the camera work is extremely shoddy . The only plus of this movie is that there is a pretty gloom and creepy atmosphere to it . But the fact that this version is so highly touted and the Coppola 's version , although far from perfect , is so bashed is a testament to how bad film critics are at thier job . Very dissapointing movie .
 I guess when this movie was made they were scared realy easy my favorite realy old horror movie would be phantom of the opera my favorite horror movie ever is the shining
 Okay , first off , my TV must have broke , because this movie has no color in it ! That 's inexcusable , as they had color back then . Not only that , but the special effects are like a high school play 's , and not even CGI . Plus this movie is all wrong with the assumptions about vampires . They do n't die when exposed to sunlight . They just sparkle.For a woman who knows about vampires , check out Stephenie Meyer .
 Lon Chaney was booked to star in the title role of this film , but unfortunately died just prior to shooting . Bela Lugosi , who had starred in the stage production of Dracula was brought in right before shooting started . The movie suffers for this . Lugosi does not have time to learn how to act for the camera . I do n't know what kind of plans director Todd Browning had for the Chaney version , but the final Lugosi version looks like a mere filming of the stage play . Set up the camera in front of the proscenium , and flip it on , and then leave it on autopilot . There is no innovation , and no significant script changes made to take advantage of the film medium.This film is still worth seeing , just do n't go in with the high expectations this film 's reputation may lead you to have . If you are expecting to be overwhelmed by the drama , you will be disappointed . If you are expecting to be scared out of your skin , you will be disappointed . If you want a good , scary vampire film , try either version of Nosferatu , or the Frank Langella version of Dracula .
 I have the older version of this wonderful old horror classic and it it truly great . For some reason the version here has been scored with the modern Phillip Gloss . The modern score is scarier than Bela Lugosi . In fact the modern drumming music is often so loud that the actors can not be heard . How could they ruin this fine old flic ? This is very sad indeed !
 I had seen the version with the Phillip Glass soundtrack on cable , and I loved it . I was hoping to show my wife , but it seems the streaming version is the original , without any soundtrack . Too bad , as I really enjoyed the new soundtrack .
 Universal 's triple-dip DRACULA -- the new 2-DVD `` 75th Anniversary Edition '' -- is the studio 's reply to fans who had complained that the earlier transfer was too dark -LRB- 1999 , re-issued in the `` Legacy Collection '' of 2004 -RRB- . However , it is a very unsatisfactory reply . Some background
 I am so sorry a modern score HAD to be plastered onto this wonderful classic of the cinema . The eeriness of the original is completely LOST . Some of Bela Lugosi 's first dialogues with his future assistant are `` covered '' and masked -- almost to the point of making the words unintelligible . Words that MUST be spoken in silence!The musical style is just not appropriate . This Glass score completely ruins the movie for me.One of the most wonderful essences of the mystery of the almost scoreless original is the bare silence of the scenes.Why must every darn single emotion be covered with music ? Glass has conceived of melodies that practically do not follow the feelings of each scene . I really believe that Glass should stick to scoring movies with no dialogue ... he does such a finer job when he does n't intrude into the action and words.Also , I believe the acoustically modern qualities of the digital recording of this score sound too crisp , wet and alive for the necessary more muted sound qualities which this action requires . It 's as if Glass were trying to make something of a movie-cum-ballet out this classic.Glass should consider another Prince 's recommendation for a musical score : Too Many Notes ! -LRB- I am going to sell my copy . -RRB-
 I collect vampire movies and books , which is why I bought this movie . I found it flat . It is not well enough done to be horror nor slappy enough to be good slapstick . The only engaging characters are the Carpathians and Reinfield , the rest are flat and boring .
 The definition of a classic is a film that still looks fresh years and years after it was made
 There was never a need for `` New Coke '' and the same goes for `` New Dracula '' . This film although a bit stagey , is a classic . Lugosi is Dracula , the film 's gothic legend and immortal star . Unfortunately someone at Universal forgot this basic fact and cranked up the new music so loudly it distracts you from the dialogue . What is the point of watching The Great Lugosi and Dwight Frye if you can not hear them!Whomever is responsible at Universal for this travesty , I can only wish that you take a coach to Borgo Pass at Midnight.By the way ... I am waiting with a stake for your heart !
 It 's a great film , but the new score plays non-stop and is very distracting during the dialogue . I strongly recommend that viewers seek out the original , music-free version .
 We recently ordered what we thought was the original Dracula movie . We 'd had a copy before , but had loaned it out and never got it back . It was an all-time favorite . Well , the one we received contained a new `` musical score '' that is obtrusive , distracting , and poorly , poorly done . It was the biggest disappointment . This was a classic ! The music not only is too loud , and inappropriate -- but it obscures the already-muffled dialogue . Old movies often have fuzzy dialogue , owing to the limited technology at the time -- I understand that . But this musical score adds nothing of quality to the picture . I only wish we 'd known this when we ordered it ...
 The 75th anniversary edition of this horror classic really disappointed me . While it 's true that the picture is crisp and sharper than earlier editions its too bright and the sound is disgraceful the famous monsters edition had much better audio I think universal needs to go back to the drawing board on this one If you have a previous edition dont waste your money on this one !
 Why oh why did someone let Phillip Glass run roughshod over this movie ? The score is trademark Glass -- repetitive , repetitive , repetitive -- and it fills every nook and cranny of this movie . There are probably only about 10 seconds of the movie into which Glass ' score does n't intrude , and it 's usually so loud that you ca n't make out the dialog . You 'll have to strain to hear some of the most famous lines -LRB- `` I only drink ... wine , '' for example -RRB- because of the intrusive , annoying score . Halfway through the movie , my daughter left because the music was giving her a headache . If you buy this version of the video , buy it only if you 're a big Glass fan . Otherwise , find a different edition of this classic film . -LRB- By the way , movies with little or no score can work just fine . The soundtrack does n't need to tell you how to feel ; Browning 's direction , plus the excellent acting by the cast of Dracula , will put make you feel as though you 're trapped in a bad dream without a single note being played . -RRB-
 I never got it . Cancelled the order after having a bad expierence with orderingmusic CD 's that I got , that were used and where case was broken & scratched up .
 The DVD of the English-language Bela Legosi version is FAR too compressed in my opinion . The picture is grainy and there is alot of digital `` noise '' -LRB- dithered pixelation in multi-hues -RRB- . The image quality is not crisp but is rather dark and very fuzzy.The Spanish-language version , by contrast , is a much better picture , obviously sampled at a higher rate and with less compression . Why would the producers of this DVD spend more time -LRB- and valuable disk space -RRB- for the Spanish version of the film is beyond me ! I mean , how many of you reading this would actually buy it for the obscure Spanish version versus the ultra-classic Bela Legosi version ? Put the Spanish version on a separate disk next time , or on the flip-side and compress the main feature less .
 So Universal turned up the contrast and brightness on the 75th anniversary DVD of DRACULA , and now expects us to shell out more money for something that we , the buying public , could easily do ourselves , with the picture controls on either our TV 's or DVD players , with the original DVD releases of the film.But , who 'd want to ??? As it looks now , everything is bright and cheery ; outside the inn , during sunset , looks like mid day in the dessert , inside the inn , lit only by a fire , looks like mid day in the dessert , Dracula 's catacombs , where there 's no desirable means of nature or unnatural light , looks like mid day in the dessert , Renfield 's entrance into Dracula 's castle 's antechamber , looks like mid day in the ... , well , you get the picture.And to make matters worse , the original mono soundtrack is impossible to listen to , where as in the first DVD version of the film , there is some tape hiss and crackle , most noticeable during talking , during silent parts though -LRB- of which there are many , seeing as the director started out directing silent films , and thus relying more on mood and action then dialog , to tell the story -RRB- the hiss and crackle are almost non existent , but in the new mono track for the 75th anniversary DVD , there 's this constant waterfall like noise going on in the background of the film , that is the constant during silent and talking parts.Oh , but the sound on the track with Philip Glass 's new score is perfect , with no tape his or crackle , but instead , you have the crappily intrusive score to take the place of the previous hiss and crackle -LRB- and it ai n't any better then the hiss and crackle , let me tell you ... -RRB- So , other then another commentary track by a guy who sounds like he 's reading excerpts from an upcoming book that he 's writing , and who 's only claim to Dracula fame , is the mildly amusing , Dracula , Dead And Loving It -LRB- if you want to see it done right , check out , Love At First Bite -RRB- and a clips documentary on Universal monster movies -LRB- which if you own all of the Universal monster DVD 's , you do n't really need -RRB- then there 's no reason to fork out the extra dough to pick up the newest version of this cinematic classic .
 The original negative for DRACULA disintegrated from overuse -LRB- over-printing -RRB- in the 1940s , so any hope of a real restoration is gone -- meaning that there is no adequate source material for an HD version down the road . For the `` 75th Anniversary Edition , '' Universal took the same mediocre film elements as before and brightened/sharpened them to make the details more visible . Not a good idea because everything looks glary and washed out now , as well as losing all feeling of day/night contrast . The brightening exaggerates the already terrible graininess and print damage of the source material , making it pretty unwatchable . They also re-cropped , re-sized , and reframed the image relentlessly , so the original compositions are no longer really represented . Although no audio fragments are erased like earlier DVD versions , the sound is the worst yet , * very * distorted
 I appear to have a differing opinion then other reviewershere , but this is what I saw : I just picked up the 75th anniversary edition of Dracula & was a bit surprised at what I found in comparison to theLegacy box set of a couple years back . Amazon 's listingstates that `` as befits one of the legendary titles of Hollywoodhistory , Dracula looks noticeably cleaner and brighterthan in its previous DVD releases , and the soundtrackalso seems improved . '' Based on that I thought it wouldbe an upgrade.First the good news
 The great Lugosi Dracula is a classic and I was delighted finally to have an opportunity to purchase the film . My memories of its power were closely connected with what I can only suppose to be the director 's conscious use of silence behind the scenes of dramatic horror -- for example , Lugosi 's silent passage from the window to Mina 's bed in the evocative interplay of light , shadow and silence . The insertion behind this powerful silence , sixty years after the fact , of Philip Glass 's no doubt well-intentioned , but repetitive , monotonous and essentially unpowerful fiddling with that silence has , in my opinion , made the film unwatchable . Personally , I would rather hear even the old-film scratchiness than have to listen to that jittery wall of noise that attempts to cover it . It is as though an attempt has been made to protect the viewer from the wonderfully horrifying silence with a curtain of horribly unwonderful noise . I would be interested in hearing the opinions of others
 I liked the movie but the ending really really ruined it . It was like they discovered there was n't much movie budget left and they needed to quickly wrap things up and close the story : ********** Major Ending Spoiler ********** - Kevin convinces his FBI colleagues to start a rescue operation - Ziggy has FBI inside information and knows there is a rescue operation coming - Archie Green , the person Kevin is torturing is killed off and his body is dumped in a bag under the torture room - Ziggy takes plastic surgery to take Archie 's place at the FBI rescue operation - Ziggy let his three henchmen get killed by the FBI , somehow this fits in master plan - Ziggy can somehow predict the future and knows in this FBI operation he is n't going to get hurt first by Kevin before he gets rescued - Ziggy can also predict Kevin 's dad takes them three to another place where he can steal a gun from Kevin - Ziggy then like all criminal masterminds do explains how he had this planned for years , even watched Kevin grow up - Ziggy wants to shoot Kevin in front of his dad 's eyes , just to get back at Kevin 's dad for killing his daughter - Kevin 's dad jumps in front of the bullet that was meant for Kevin - Ziggy then tells Kevin how the are alike and how Kevin should join his evil empire - Ziggy can predict and plan all these things but somehow he ca n't predict that he ca n't convince Kevin and that Kevin will want to kill himThe writers knew this was a ridiculous ending and try to save it by a mysterious ending
 I loved the first Night of the Demons , I expected cheese and what I got was a scary and memorable movie.This movie ruined everything the first one was.This is basically something I hate , Freddy Krugerish horror/comedy . Angela was truly a terrifying and eerie horror villain.So much more frightening than all the cliche , big money , overly comical ,80 's horror franchise villains like Freddy.But in Night of the Demons 2 she did not maintain her aura of evil and gloom she started having one liners and jokes and all the things that ruin good horror villains.Then you have the plot!Oh no what a joke.Okay you get a nun in love with firearms and a school dance and the throwing of holy water balloons.I could go on and on.Basically if you take horror seriously you will hate this movie like me but if you are not looking for any real or dark horror and want a little bit of fun on the weekend you may like this .
 I really enjoyed the 1st one but this one just seemed flat . It used a lot of leftover scenes from the 1st movie , `` Angela '' floating in the halls , to name one thing . I guess the religion thing kind of made this movie less desirable . It had potential , but it could n't quite do what the first movie did . It did n't really create that Halloween ambiance like the first , the house did n't seem as creepy to me , and the kills were a bit BLAH . It 's not a bad movie but ... the first is better and why in the world this one is MORE EXPENSIVE is beyond me . It 's worth adding to your horror collection if you can pick it up for like 5.00-8 .00 or something , maybe . I 'm more of a zombie fan anyhoo , not a demon/ghost movie type person . I guess I thought since the first was really good that this would be too , wrong .
 well i was so excited today when i got my dvd of -LCB- night of the demons 2 -RCB- . its been 13 years that ive had the VHS.well ... i was soo dissapointed when i saw this dvd transfer today cuz its just AWFUL ! . its is JUST if not a `` copy '' of the VHS version , wich i mean `` quality wise '' . i was hoping a nice clean , clear picture dvd quality.but nope thats not the case folks !! if you own the vhs or have seen it . it is the same EXACT quality !!! very soft like picture with some flickering throught the movie and also no dolby digital 5:1 surround sound . all you get is 2.0 stereo audio . the vhs if i recall was just hifi stereo so not much of an upgrade.as for the aspect ratio its NOT widescreen it is FULL screen . so no extra views on the sides or a wider angle.im telling you this dvd is not worth buying.if you have the vhs . you can burn yourself a copy on dvd-r dvd-rw and it be the same exact quality as this dvd is . NO joke!i know i have a dvd-r copy of the vhs , and i swear it is the same.so please Lionsgate or whoever bought the rights to this film.release ANOTHER dvd of this cuz this one sucks.oh and yah theres NO extras not even the movies trailer very bare bones dvd .
 I saw the first one a long time ago and it was excellent . Sometime later I found the second one and thought ` Hey cool ' ha what a joke . After watching that I wanted to cry , it had made a complete mockery of the first one and although I did like a couple parts , mostly it ... . The house in the beginning was ... because instead of a wall they had a picket fence ! Man if there was a picket fence the first one would have had just a few less casualties . Anyway , if you liked the first one do n't bother seeing it , it 's not the kind of thing I 'd want to submit really anyone to . Well , hope I was helpful .
 AFTER VIEWING THE ORIGINAL , I IMMEDIATELY RUSHED TO THE STORE TO RENT THE SECOND . BOY WAS I DISSAPOINTED . THE MOVIE BASICALLY TAKED ALL THE GREAT ELEMENTS OF THE FIRST AND CRUSHED THEM . THE PLOT IS HORRIBLE , SO IS THE ACTING , AND THE NUN REALLY AND I MEAN REALLY DESTROYS THE MOVIE ! ANOTHER THING THAT SET THIS ONE APART FROM THE ORIGINAL , WAS THE EXCESSIVE USE OF T&A . NOT THAT THAT 'S A BAD THING , BUT IT WAS PRETTY EXCESSIVE . ANYWAY , THIS MOVIE IS FAR LESS SUPERIOR TO THE ORINAL , AS MOST MOVIES ARE . SKIP THIS ONE , UNLESS YOU ARE A TRUE FAN TO THE ORIGINAL . BUT EVEN THEN , YOU 'LL STILL BE DISSAPOINTED ! RATED R FOR : VIOLENCE-GORE , A TON OF SEX/NUDITY , AND LANGUAGE .
 You know what they say - the sequels always suck , and in this case , that is correct . The first one was awesome , the second one sucked , and the third demons installment really bites the dust ... hard ! Do n't be fooled by the box cover - it looks like it 's going to be really good ; and possibly even better then the first , but it really sucked ! The first one was and IS the best out of the three `` Demons '' movies . This movie brought in a REALLY STUPID character -LRB- the nun -RRB- , which ruins the whole damn movie . You should rent this movie first before you buy it . I do n't suggest you even rent the third one at all ...
 ok , we got the dumb original 's plot , now we get the dumb sequels plot . this one has a supersoaker slinging nun , which is pretty funny if dumb and the huge snake turning thing at the end is cheesy , plus with the lipstick in the final shot is uproarous . good ideas fellas
 I dint received the package i went to the post office and everything but nothing can you please message me back or something i do n't wan na loose my money and not get the item in my hands
 I have watched all episodes to date and I 've enjoyed the show until `` Forgive us our trespasses . '' I 've appreciated that this series has NOT been a living , breathing response to whatever the current political climate is , but this week they blew it . :-LRB- If they continue to do this , I 'll stop watching and stop recommending it as a decent drama .
 Just as the Stock market Crashed , Episode 4 crashed a few days earlier!The 4th episode was a JOKE . No man is going to kill his own flesh and blood son to make his ex wife mad , thats STUPID ! If anything you 'll kill the ex wife , she 's the one you cant stand . Just horrible writing , absolutley horrible . Maybe it will get back to where the show is capable of being at.Already I see the negative comments and all , I mean come on People ! I love the Closer too but lets be real , when an episode sucks ... it sucks ! Why be so fake to always give it 5 stars .
 I just viewed the episode 12 , of Season 7 and it was the worst bit of writing , acting and directing I have ever witnessed.What a waste of time ! I know it is difficult to remain fresh after so many years , but why not just show reruns instead.Yuk ca n't even begin to express how awful it was .
 hi ! the closer is in its 7th and last season , now we know why , here 's hopeing they come up with a ending that meets the cast skills .
 Poor visual quality . I was hoping for HD , but it looked more like VHS . Maybe I should have order the DVD instead .
 At a time when we know the series is coming to an end they make an episode centered on Fred Willard with lots of camera time for his drunken , barfing , nasty character rather than letting us in on what 's going on with the lawsuit , Fritz and Brenda Lee , and hints of how the other characters will fare when the series ends . I have watched this show because I care about the regular characters , so much camera time of the drunk Santa was an insult . Unfortunately this is absolutely the worst episode of the entire series .
 I absolutely adored The Closer . As far as procedurals go , it was top of the line . It had the best ensemble cast I have ever seen on television , an absolutely fabulous central character , great writing , interesting plots , good directing ... And then came Season 7 , or to be more precise , the second part of Season 7 . After developing this fiercely dedicated , no-nonsense , iron-fist-in-a-velvet-glove main character , the writers suddenly ditched it all and came up with the most overworked , tired , dreadful 1950s ending of them all - `` Professional woman suddenly sees the light and decides to spend the rest of her life doing something boring and taking care of hubby . '' You really ca n't get much more sexist than that . -LRB- Notice that while Brenda `` discovered '' that she needed to quit working in the field so she could devote more time to her husband , Fritz is still very much on the job in the lackluster sequel to the show , Major Crimes . -RRB- There was simply no excuse for this abysmal , unwarranted castration of Brenda . She should have gone out with a bang , not a whimper .
 I was not able to download it on my samsung galaxy 2 10.1 tab . thi needs flash and the tab will not allow it so I can not view any of my digital downloads .
 SORRY ABOUT MY BAD ENGLISH.I BUY IN 2012THE COMPLET SIXTH AND THE SEVENTH AND FINAL SEASON FROM THE SERIES THE C L O S E R.WHEM I BUY THE MERCHANDISE SAY SUBTITLES IN PORTUGUESE.I DONT HAVE TIME TO ASSIST , WHY I WORK TO MUCH.BUT NOW I BEGIN TO TRY TO ASSIST THE MOVIES , SO I SEE IT WAS SEE ONE DESONEST MERCHANDISE BY THE SELLER.BOTH SERIES DONT HAVE SUBTITLES IN PORTUGUESE.SO I COUNDT SEE AND BOOT SERIES . SO I LOSTA MY MONEY.I AM A GOOD COSTUMER FROM AMAZON AND COUDNT UNDERSTAND WHATA HAPENNEDE.AND IF YOU LOOK AGAIN IN THE AMAZON OFFERS YOU SEE AGAIN THE SAME THIG.THE ADVERTISING SAY SUBTIYLES IN PORTUGUESE.SO I ASK WHAT CAN I DO WHUTO MY BOOT SERIES.ONLY LOST MY MONEY?THANK YOU AMAZONM ANDA I WAIT FOR SOME KIND OF ANSWER.PLEASE DONT LET ME HAVE I BAD AND DESONEST BEHAVIOR FROM AMAZOZON , NOW IN BRASIL UNDERSTANTHENRIQUE LINDENBOJM
 Even for one of the very best written , acted and produced shows in the history of television , this price is unbelievable and a non-starter . I 've read how cheap it is to make DVDs , so this feels like highway robbery . Too bad . I 'll just have to wait and hope it comes down to a more affordable - and reasonable - price .
 Since I ca n't watch the episode , this is a review of amazon . I just downloaded the last episode and paid for it on amazon and ca n't watch it . What gives ? I 've never had a problem watching an episode on Tuesday on my IPad .
 I have heard there were going to be two more episodes to really wrap up the show . I think the show has suffered enormously this season by dissembling Brenda from the death of Terrel Baylor . There was not `` shot caller . '' It went down because Brenda made it happen.It has also suffered because in an effort to build a spin-off with the remaining characters , each show features one of them & it 's just so awkward & obvious , the integrity of the script is gone . I love these characters but without Brenda , they ca n't hold up the show . If `` Raydor '' takes over Brenda 's position it still wo n't help.I love this show . I have every episode on tape & all of Season Seven from Amazon . But it needs to go away & it needs a proper burial . I 'd love to see Brenda get pregnant at her age & for her & Fritz to leave the show.One season . That 's my prediction . Without Kyra Sedgwick , the show can go one bad season .9 *
 I thought the series was back on track with the shooting in the drug house ... . Then the Deputy Chief has to be rescued by one of her detectives ... I guess her blond hair got in the way ??? Then as if that was not bad enough she gets a confession out of the blue ? ... And this time instead of the Closer crying ... Another woman cries at the end ??? Who is writing this crap ? The series was a hit because of strong female character ... Blah ! My 10 year old nephew can write a better story !
 I have been a Closer fan for years for all the reasons most reviewers here cite . The writing is exceptional . The characters finely drawn and individuals rather than props , especially the ones that move in and out of villain or troublemaker status for our heroine , Brenda Leigh Johnson . The storylines are intricate , well-thought out , often surprising , and fullfilling.Until Season 7 . There was n't a bad show in the lot until this season . Some episodes were better than others in the preceding seasons , but never was there a season consisting entirely of mediocre , bad , and worst . The cast of superb characters and foils around Sedgwick has been reduced to sullen walk-ons . The elan has disappeared . Worst of all , Sedgwick and the writers appear more than ready to wrap the series . I hope the last 5 episodes they are holding over for Summer 2012 finish this otherwise outstanding series with a shows worthy of the standard they created in 2005 and maintained till 2011 .
 Let me start by saying that I really enjoy The Closer and I have continued to watch for six , now seven years . I have never been moved to write a review for anything , but I have to warn anyone who has n't yet purchased the episode , `` You Have the Right to Remain Jolly '' -- this is an AWFUL episode ! If you 're purchasing episodes individually via Amazon Instant Video - definitely skip this one . It has nothing to add to the story arcs of the season . You wo n't be missing anything except another drunk , pathetic , vomiting Santa which , for some reason , still passes for humor with writers and producers who are obviously completely drained creatively . The second tired story line involves all the guys lusting after Buzz 's attractive sister -LRB- really boring character -RRB- . This episode is the worst of the worst and a LAME waste of time !
 The drunken Santa was unwatchable and nothing else happened.The writer of this episode must also have been on the sauce.The series regulars who I like a lot should have boycotted thisweak attempt at humor , and I will watch future episodes in thehope that they can save the final season .
 I 've been waiting to write my review of the series finale to make sure what I say is not some backlash after taking a superficial look at it . In all , I think this episode was extremely mixed in terms of quality.Even though it was written by James Duff who is the brilliant mind behind the series , & even though he always said he had the last scene written before he even got the show on the air , & even though producer Greer Shephard lobbied for the show , which was written for a male lead character , to feature an older , childless woman instead , & all the other `` even thoughs '' I could add , the last episode was incredibly unsatisfying & not up to the standards it set for all other crime dramas.There are elements of this episode that were really great & smart , but I 'm going to talk about them after I list my complaints . First , having all her colleagues abandon or dislike her in this episode is cr ap . I absolutely hated how Pope ended up relating to her . She was an amazing interrogator who , in seven years , brought virtually every suspect to justice & the way Pope & other characters were contrived to want her gone is just insulting to her & entirely unbelievable . More importantly , it was unnecessary to the resolution of the series.In these last few episodes the Brenda character has been diluted to the point that she 's unrecognizable . I watched old episodes as bookends to this episode , including the Stroh episodes . Brenda was not Brenda anymore . This was entirely unnecessary . Many people here have posited plot lines for the last few episodes that were much better than the one James Duff & Mike Berchem ended up writing.Fritz , who 's never been able to keep his hands off Brenda , did n't kiss or hug her once in this episode . Even when they were in the bedroom & Brenda was crying , he did n't touch her . To me , this speaks to the device applied to every other relationship in this last show -- as if the people who loved Brenda suddenly could n't touch her , support her or care about her , as if everyone agreed suddenly that it was time for her to go , to be FIRED , of all things . This is unbelievable.If you visited the TNT site in the last two months & saw the photos of the cast lineups for MAJOR CRIMES , noticing that Pope & Gabriel were both gone & Fritz was still there -LRB- which everyone said was not going to happen , indicating that Jon Tenney had some kind of HBO deal that would take him away from the show , which would have been better -RRB- , you knew there had to be some kind of big change that each of these characters could have had , showcasing their true personalities . But in the end , they were given short shrift & that is just insulting to them & to everyone who has put this show on a pedestal for so many years.Worst of all is the absolutely stupid way Gabriel was turned into the leak by suddenly having this whiny girlfriend appear who somehow fakes him out for a year . This guy 's a detective . He would have figured it out long before that.But he never should have been the leak in the first place . Fritz was the only person who could have been the leak & it would have made perfect sense for him to be it . You could watch his fears for Brenda grow over the last few seasons & he made comment after comment to her about not wanting her to put herself in danger so many times . He may have expressed his fears most pointedly in `` Fresh Pursuit , '' when he said , `` Baby , you 've used up your nine lives , '' or words to that effect . If Brenda could forgive Gabriel for being the leak , she sure could have forgiven Fritz & understood his motivations . Gabriel did n't know every detail that was passed on to Goldman . Fritz did . You can see him coming into the squad room or being in the squad room or being anywhere that anything happened that Goldman knew . Only Fritz would have known every single thing Brenda feared or suffered . No way would it be Gabriel or anyone else . Her relationship with Fritz is the one that meant more than anything else . He 's the only person she completely trusted.The contrivance of including Raydor in every scene , standing in Pope 's office for one reason or another , was lame . I like the Raydor character & even liked the way she softened up over the years . But having her tacked on to these scenes so she could head up MAJOR CRIMES was lazy & uncreative.The emotions expressed by Brenda 's team as she was saying goodbye were uneven & unfair to her . It was obvious that Phillip Keene & Raymond Cruz were really crying & had been crying in real life , on the set , during shooting . Tao & Provenza were the next most-emotional of the characters . But Gabriel & Flynn -- what was up with them ? `` Not a wet eye in the house , '' as Provenza said about Flynn 's eulogy for his old partner.But I cried during this scene just like the more-sensitive detectives because I felt the way they felt . This was a real goodbye by real people to real friends with real love.There are other things I could get picky about , but I come to praise James Duff , not to bury him.I thought the resolution of the Philip Stroh story line was brilliant . It was nothing like anything I could have ever imagined . As self-possessed as he has been throughout the years , it was completely logical that his character cracked when pushed past the breaking point . Rape is not sex ; it 's about power . But rapists are cowards who can only have power by devastating their victims . Stroh was a coward whose vulnerability was finally exposed in this episode . For him to be unable to control his urges to the point where he was self-destructive enough to come after Brenda , then to beg for his life & bargain with promises of truth & details may have been a little neatly tied-up , given the time frame , made perfect great sense to me . I loved the fact that Brenda did n't need to kill him , but as always , was true to herself & her own true sense of justice , of right & wrong , that she had from the day she decided to be a cop . She wanted the confession & she wanted to see him brought to justice & dealt with by the justice system . Way to go , Brenda . Way to go , James Duff.Billy Burke was also amazing in this episode . I liked the first episode he appeared in but not the next . I have seen him in GILMORE GIRLS & in RIZOLLI & ISLES but have been unable to get very excited about him as an actor . This was a bravuro performance for him & I hope , if nothing else happens , that he is nominated for & wins an Emmy for it.How could anyone not love Brenda firing her gun through her purse to bring him down ? Symbolically , this was maybe the best thing that could have happened . Of course , she could have gotten to her purse faster & she could have pulled the gun out & aimed it in the same time it took to just get her hand around it , but the more I watch this episode , the more I like that bit . & of course , how could any fan not just lose it when her squad replaced that purse & asked her how it looked & she replied , `` Looks like love , '' which was the first line she ever spoke in the first episode of this stellar series . I was sobbing by this time & ca n't believe Kyra kept it together long enough to say those three words.Speaking of Kyra , I have been amazed so many times by what a phenomenal actor she is as she played this character for seven years . I 've always liked her since the moment I saw her but she really shone in THE CLOSER . She 's my hero , keeping her eye on the ball as people talked about Wall Street bankers who destroyed lives , knowing how she & Kevin were taken to the cleaners by Bernie Madoff . There are other moments where she stayed in character during scenes that touched on real events in her life but I 'll forgo listing those . Let me just say she 's a class act & a great actor who will probably never be given the due she is owed.But I have to say I 'm disappointed -LRB- though my feelings are mixed -RRB- that Brenda did n't get pregnant in this last episode . The transition from death to life , as she loses her mother & her career , would have been perfect . After watching how loving she was with Kitty & her baby kitties -LRB- you have to watch the outtakes on the DVDs to understand that last line -RRB- , with Joel , with Charlie , with Gabriel , with Flynn , with her decision to marry Fritz , with her father & just a few others over seven years , creating a life out of love would have been the perfect way for Brenda to accept the final changes of her life as THE CLOSER.I support anyone 's decision not to have children so I feel very torn saying that . But it would just have been a great ending in Brenda 's case.The kid , Graham Patrick Martin , is a talented actor & I wish him great success . But I would have liked it more if Duff & the producers had decided to give other actors who gave great performances over the run of this series an opportunity to reprise their roles . I was especially sad to read an interview with Kyra where she was asked if Jason O'Mara would appear one more time as Bill Kroelick & she said it would n't happen . That character would have been fascinating to delve more deeply into because there was nothing of substance in the arrests & acquittals to prove he was an arsonist & a murderer . He was n't . He could have been a hero but he never got the chance.Speaking of not getting a chance , I guess we 'll never find out who this Chinese guy is who 's in every episode of this series , in the background , in the squadroom , slinging the bullhorn during the bomb threat , smiling at Brenda & Fritz 's reception . I might not have paid him so much attention had he not also been in almost every episode of GILMORE GIRLS , in Luke 's Diner , busing tables & serving burgers . He 's the `` Where 's Waldo '' of the television world . If I watched more television , I 'll bet I 'd see him in other series as well.Now that I think about it , would n't it have been hilarious to have HIM be the leak in Brenda 's squadroom?Anyway , I 've gone on a long time but I wanted to say much more than this about one of my favorite shows ever . There are only a few shows whose DVDs sit on my shelves or VHS tapes are cataloged in my boxes . THE CLOSER might be my favorite of all.Endless thanks to James Duff , to Kyra Sedgwick & to TNT for this astonishing gift of episodic television . THE CLOSER will truly be missed .
 Like the previous reviewers said
 This is my favorite show ever since Monk went off the air two years ago . I really love the quirky humor paired with the serious situations , the fabulous acting and directing , and the relationship dynamics within the squad and their families . I like the fact that the crime scenes are n't gory , the actors are -LRB- most times -RRB- not too immodest , and the murderers though violent and angry are n't totally depraved.Since the beginning of the season the writers have obviously been trying to show what the strain of the impending civil case is doing to the squad and to Brenda especially -LRB- culminating in her emotional breakdown at the end of this show -RRB- . However , this strain has not been offset by any real humor -LRB- except in the last show -RRB- , there have also been major power upheavals that I feel have n't been written well -LRB- the new chief of police 's sudden death and Pope 's promotion to fill that spot , Taylor 's almost-promotion to assistant chief -RRB- , and Pope 's poorly explained betrayal of Brenda to the audit of Cpt Raydor -LRB- in the face of years of faithfulness on his part -RRB- . In fact there is betrayal all over the place , almost all the murder cases so far have had as one of their main motives a betrayal . Betrayals of trust , fidelity , friendship , etc. . In this recent show , the squad believes Gabriel has betrayed them by taking a deal or talking with the prosecuting attorney , even though it was a scheme concocted by the attorney.Besides the ongoing background tensions , this particular show was another in a long line of shows designed to show the hypocrisy of a Christian minister and his family . Some may applaud this . And I will admit that there is a lot of hyprocrisy and sin in the American pulpits and even in the main body of Christians today . However , I challenge anyone that thinks this is a fair rendering to find even one show -LRB- aired on the major networks -RRB- that takes the other side and shows a likeable , faithful , God-honoring minister -LRB- or person -RRB- . In short , the season up to now has been mostly depressing to watch . I still have hope that it will turn out alright in the last part of the season , but I fear the writers will continue down the same track and will leave this season and subsequently the show depressing and disatisfying to watch . Please change course !
 I never understood the plot of the movie , and 90 % was subtitled and the writing was n't on the screen long enough to read . I would n't recommend this movie . I 'm a huge Patrick Swayze fan , but this is the worst movie of his I 've seen .
 Patrick Swayze worst movie ever you hardly ever seen him in the movie , Forest Whitaker scene 's may been the the best thing about the movie pluse you had to read the whole movie it may been better if it was n't in a letterbox verson i gave it a 2 star instead of one just because it was base on a real war
 Patrick Swayze worst movie ever you hardly ever seen him in the movie pluse you had to read the whole thing , Forest Whitaker scene 's was probobly the best thing about the movie maybe This movie would of been much better without the Letter box Verson and that 's a big maybe
 I do n't know what beach manny rich went to , but if I perved on the females dressed like Greg Brady talking to an ugly doll ... yo , I 'd suffa a serious beat down ! keep it real
 It did n't work in either of my 3 DVD 's . However I will continue to use Moviemars . I love their service . I 'm definate this is an isolated incident .
 i love this movie and bought it so that I cold retire my VHS copy . unfortunately , it does not work in my DVD i am i the process of returning it
 This dvd was a Xmas gift for my granddaughter because her mother was in the band that performed in the movie . There was absolutely nothing on the dvd and we both were very disappointed . I sent a complaint via email and thus far I 've heard nothing back . This event will certainly cause me to think twice before ordering any other dvds . I tried to not give this review any stars at all but that was not allowed .
 What could have been a wonderful coming-of-age film dealing with many issues -LRB- relationships , conflicts , growing boys , disappointment , psychology , etc. -RRB- was absolutely sidelined by the unsuccessful attempts at over-the-top humor . Never have I seen adolescent boys behave the way the group were portrayed . It was simply another Fat Albert-style farcical attempt to make the boys and feuding brothers-in-law appear utterly ridiculous . The director/producers did n't know whether to make an outrageous comedy or a drama with moments of good humor . Regrettably , they made neither.Such a shame , because many moments in this film were truly enlightening and poignant . This could have been a tremendous drama ! A remake done correctly would be wonderful !
 Being that I was 12 during the Summer of 1976 when this film took place , I 'll agree that they got some of the period flavor of the era correct -LRB- outrageously fake afros aside -RRB- , but this movie stinks to high heaven as a whole . Not only for the atrocious acting and meandering story , but for the ending with the father -LRB- Glynn Turman -RRB- congratulating his young teenaged son for bedding down a GROWN MARRIED WOMAN !? What kind of MESS is that to show in this day and age ? This one needs to be outta here like `` London After Midnight ! ''
 The 3rd disc out of the four was so covered in dirt -LRB- ? -RRB- , that we had to clean it several timesbefore it would work . Am shocked that it was sent to a customer in that condition .
 The DVD arrived in the time frame promised and was nicely packaged . However , it is n't in a format that I can use with my DVD player . I understand ... it has n't been released state-side , yet -LRB- as I write this -RRB- . However , the product description should 've been more specific .
 The entire script has a fabricated make believe , unreal feel to it . Starting with a stereotypic scenario of a female piano teacher -LRB- Shin-ae -RRB- with a misbehaving child and recently deceased husband , suddenly having her car breakdown and is rescued by a mechanic who later becomes her stalker . Thus begins her process of moving to a small town to start life over again . Only to encounter almost cartoonish characters in the townspeople who spend their lives gossiping ; women practically living in beauty salons and gorging on snacks while gossiping ; males smoking and checking out the genitals of females ; and everyone embracing the evangelism of Christianity through cleansing control of everyone else 's lives . Shin-ae loses her son to a kidnapping/murder by the local teacher who suddenly after 40 years decides to be a murderer - sure ! As a result Shin-ae vacillates between theft , vandalism , sex , God and no-God in a too cartoonish fabricated manner . Bizarre that the stalking , most self-serving individual may have turned out to be kindest person . Not clear.It may have been the director 's intent to showcase an entire town in such a fashion - as if there was a dark undercurrent to their fallacious facade . A common theme , but there are better ways to show in a clear and poignant manner the roles and interplay of belief , skepticism , love , loss , self-greed , materialism and evangelism without resorting to such cookie cutter figurines as portrayed here .
 I found the movie way too long . The sound quality was very poor and the movie repeatedly became disconnected I also think there are better Bette Davis movies out there . In any case , it is always nice to see Miss Davis act . Will try to see some other Bette Davis movies on Amazon Instant Video .
 I ordered this item -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B001707XBQ All This , and Heaven Too -RSB- on June 25th . As of today , July 30th I still have not received this item . Very poor customer service !!
 I recently bought this dvd , since many consider it a classic from the late 1930 's . I doubt that Charles Boyer would make it as a star today . And Hedy Lamarr is good looking , but not that good looking . Her acting was also just so so . And the quality of the dvd just did n't hold up . Very dark and sound was pretty bad - but it was made in the 30 's . I just found the movie real boring .
 This movie is 1930 's history . It 's always fun to see a great cast like Boyer & Lamarr . But this print that was put on DVD is unwatchable . Grainy , jumpy , inaudible , faded - and this is being kind . At one point , there was even a double soundtrack being heard . I strongly advise - let 's put a stop to this type of DVD being offered to the public . DVD 's are a marvel to watch . It 's a crime when you are subjected to this type of mess !! DO NOT BUY IT !
 First , 4 stars for the film , 0 for this version ! This Alpha Video version -LRB- DVD -RRB- has a dreadful 20 minute sequence where some stupid Sci-Fi movie 's audio dominates this movie 's sound . Alpha should not produce/sell any more of these unless they correct the problem . Amazon sells another version , ASIN
 After reading the EXTREMELY bad reviews here of this DVD copy , I bought the other version -LRB- ASIN
 Boy , that other reviewer was right about the lousy production quality of this movie . It 's such a marvelous film . Charles Boyer does a fantastic job as the master criminal who possesses panache , intelligence , and a desperate need to escape the casbah that is both refuge and prison . Hedy Lamarr is luminous . Such a classic movie deserves restoration , and those of us who love good movies enough to purchase DVDs deserve better than this . Okay , I 'm used to the faded , grainy , jumpy aspect of the typical AlphaVideo DVD , and am willing to put up with it just to have this film . But the sudden intrusion of another movie 's dialogue -- including a man screaming -- right in the middle of the story line is inexcusable . I nearly came out of my chair in startlement . At times you can barely hear Pepe le Moko 's dialogue for this other , loud overdub . If this is the only copy of this film you can find , it 's still worth having , but be prepared for a really stupid production mistake .
 I love the movie `` Algiers '' . For those who know , there are some authentic touches through gestures and through music of old Algiers . And , any fan of the Charles Boyer/Hedy Lamarr foreign intrigue/exotique film genre will enjoy it immensely . But , this copy might as well have been bought on the streets of Shanghai . The quality of the copy is extremely poor and even more offensive , midway through the film another conversation keeps taking over , what is it ? `` DARK SHADOWS '' . No mistaking the `` Dark Shadows '' music or Joan Bennett . I recommend that Amazon drop this vendor .
 The best acting job in the whole movie , was Dean Cain himself . The telling of his back story could have been more detailed . It tended to be a bit disjointed in some areas . The action was pretty good though .
 One reviewer wrote the review about the `` Super Ants '' ... this is not that movie.This movie staring Dean Cain bites big time , unless you like movies about chases ... there are several car chases , car chasing man , man chasing man , helicopter chasing car ... Get the point?The plot is strained through out the movie in dribbles ... if you can make it through the endless sceens showing actors walking around doing nothing , walking or staring blankly -LRB- probably wondering if this movie will ever be over -RRB- . *** Fast forward special ***
 Since the description page included a link that said `` buy this DVD with Empire of the Ants '' , I thought this would be the old Phase IV about ants . I was very irritated when it arrived and it 's a DIFFERENT Phase IV with Dean Cain ! There is no product picture , no actor names , nothing that let me know it was n't the movie I wanted . VERY displeased .
 I was shocked when I bought this dvd for my kid and watched it with him the first time . HIT or whoever put together the disk , took the liberty of changing the timeless ending recap of the theme song to a rap song . My kid always waits for the end to hear this . Now he has to ask me why whats wrong . Why does everything , be it kids commercials for toys or cereal , or whatever , have to have rap in it . Its forced down everybodys throats from hollywood and families that dont want their kid exposed to that style of music are subjected to it . Well , I am ashamed of HIT for this decision . It could have been placed in `` special features '' and to top it off , it loops over and over until you do something with the remote . If I cant burn this onto another disk or rip it to my PC and then to a blank DVD , its going in the trash . I for one do n't want my kid to grow up as a thug . I dont even feel like commenting on the story .
 DVD came with broken case and DVD had too many scratches on it . it skips too many times . i was very disappointed with this purchase . this dvd is now in my trash can .
 I bought this show and a couple others dvds . I find thomas and friends are always insulting each other and are crashing all the time . This is why my child will not watch these shows .
 The original BBC television series THE SINGING DETECTIVE , written by Dennis Potter , is by any standard one of the milestones of television . It was a weird but spectacularly successful blend of hospital drama , film noir , psychological thriller , and surreal musical that managed to strike the right balance between its disparate elements to create something utterly unique and magical . Michael Gambon was perfect in the lead , and he was complemented by a first rate cast , including Bill Patterson and Joanna Whalley.Now we have a very odd thing indeed
 Despite supporting roles from the very talented and beautiful Carla Gugino , and screen legend Mel Gibson ... this movie seemed very weak to me - like Carla and Mel were in it just to lend some credibility to Robert Downey Jr. -LRB- who I guess is really tarnished by his drug abuse -RRB- I 've never seen the t.v. series that this movie is loosely based on , and so I ca n't draw comparisons . I can say though , it was a very , very , very strange movie . One minute the tortured patient -LRB- Robert Downey -RRB- is surrounded by doctors , the next - they 're all singing and dancing ` the hop ' while the hospital room morphs into a dance floor . It then goes into some distasteful scenes with more Robert Downey as he investigates who he is - a patient or a detective from his own novel . Mel Gibson 's tiny role as the psychotherapist was to help explore that . Carla Gugina 's tiny role was as his mother in his earliest memories - whom he thought commited suicide , but is now figuring out she was murdered . If you 're a fan of Mel Gibson or Carla Gugino , I would suggest strongly that you pass on this one .
 I picked this turkey up in the frozen food aisle of my local supermarket for a few bucks , though I would have been a better shopper buying a frozen pizza & bean burrito instead . The DVD gave me more indigestion . From the cover , I thought it might be a low-rent L.A. Confidential , being set in the 1950s with very pulpish cover art . I love noirs set in Los Angeles , but this is certainly no Double Indemnity . They must have blown the budget on Downey 's skin disease , because you really have to see it . Hey director , ever hear of `` establishing shot ? '' Made me wish for my old low-def analog 19 '' TV . It really does stink like a student film from a really troubled student . A real howler is the hospital operating staff from '50s L.A. supposedly . They look like a `` diversity is our strength '' poster from a community college . The black woman has a '80s style hairdo , though it does n't really matter . Hollywood ca n't make a decent movie , but you certainly know who 's voting for Obama in 2012 . Yiiihaaaa ! It 's on its way to the landfill .
 I was all set to really enjoy this movie after watching the mini-series of the same name for the 2nd time -LRB- a rare thing for me -RRB- . I thought the original was one of the finest works ever to grace the TV . However , the movie was a real disappointment.I knew going in that the story had been changed somewhat to a different time & place with different music . But unfortunately , the differences between this movie and the mini-series were all for the worse.The story has been changed in some subtle and not-so-subtle ways . One big difference is that the lead character is in a private hospital room , which takes away much of the give-and-take dialog and atmosphere of the original . The original 's use of sex scenes , while provocative for the TV , was quite mild compared to the much more flagrant incestuous and Oedipal scenes in the movie . The movie is much more dark and unredeeming in general . Finally , while I like R. Downey , he was a very poor substitute for Michael Gambon in this part . He was really completely unbelievable as a frustrated author - not that a better acting job would have made this a decent movie - I got the sense he was reading his lines off a teleprompter.The cast in general looked good on paper , but again , they were n't enough to save this stinker.I do n't know exactly why this version was so much worse than the original . Whether the author 's rewrite , the shorter format , the director , or Hollywood in general are to blame . But it is hard to imagine anyone liking this version anywhere near as much.I actually had to stop watching this movie before the end -LRB- another rarity -RRB- - it was painful . I 'm using the time I saved to write this review and try to help others avoid my mistake . What Hollywood did to The Singing Dectective was a crime .
 Because of the strong list of actors in this movie , `` The Singing Detective '' could have been an absolute gem , but it was simply bogged down by the writing . From start to finish this script seems confused , as though the writer was trying to cram way too many things into one simple film.This movie is about Dark , a novelist laid up in hospital with a severe skin condition . Here he hallucinates about being a private detective in the 30 's or 40 's , where the story is even more muddled by strange musical lip-synching that hardly advances the plot.The acting here is strong , as Robert Downey Jr. is in his usual fine form , going from a film noir detective to a bitter patient in the present day . Katie Holmes and Robin Wright Penn also deliver strong performances as a nurse and Dark 's wife , respectively . The true achievement in this film is the performance of Mel Gibson , who plays an eccentric psychotherapist for Dark . He plays the doctor with an impressive quirkiness that I thought was not possible from the usually wooden Gibson.I think this movie could have really been great , and there are elements here that glimmer with hope , but it all falls flat because of the overbearing script . Had the writer been more focused , or sure of what he wanted to see up on the screen , then this movie would have been alot better than it was .
 This was no great movie . After suffering through the first half hour -LRB- but determined to see it through -RRB- , I managed to do my ironing , balance my checkbook , and finish a crossword puzzle while this film droned on -LRB- and on , and on -RRB- in the background . Even the lovely Katie Holmes could n't save this movie . I was disappointed , to say the least , after reading all the glowing reviews . The cuts between reality and musical/fanasy were handled much better in `` Chicago . '' I would n't recommend this movie to anyone as it it tedious and horribly uninteresting .
 I 'm a huge Robert Downey , Jr. fan , but this movie did not live up to my expectations . I found it tedious and boring for the most part . I guess every great actor has an occasional bad movie .
 Adults Only ! Contains sexual content . Hyper film noir.I guess an actor must once in a while do a film that helps pay for the house and the therapist . Robert Downey Jr. did `` The Singing Detective '' . Downey plays `` Detective Dan Dark '' who is in the hospital with a horrible skin condition all over his body that has lasted for three months . It is so bad he is losing his mind . he flashbacks to the land of 1950 's film noir where he is a singer -LRB- lip-sync old 1950 's tunes here -RRB- . He also has written a book full of pictures which his psychotherapist -LRB- Mel Gibson -RRB- believes contains clues about his life.He has a problem with women , especially his wife -LRB- Robin Wright -RRB- . It goes back to when he was a child when adults would have sex in front of him of near him.His wife has found his screenplay without him knowing about it . She plans on typing it herself and cashing in on it for herself while her husband is in the hospital.That is Robert Downey Jr. singing `` In My Dreams '' during the end credits.Some scenes were filmed east of Lancaster , California and north of Antelope Acres , California .
 Dan Dark , writer of noir , Raymond Chandler-esque Detective fiction is suffering from a severe skin condition that has made him virtually a prisoner in his own body . Mentally , he dwells in the realm of his novel , The Singing Detective , where he is a suave , hard-boiled yet sensitive PI . When forced to interact with the real world , Dark is obnoxious , angry and abusive . When his condition fails to improve , his doctor prescribes psychotherapy . Using his book as a key to his past , his therapist hopes to unlock Dark 's subconcious and set him on the road to healing.There were several good things about this movie . The concept had a great deal of potential to be depthful and interesting . The film-making was pretty interesting . The performances were remarkable and Mel Gibson 's make-up job was astounding . But the movie as a whole did n't work for me because the overall story lacked a coherent dynamic structure . The pieces worked , but they did n't fit together and I felt that some of them were missing . I do n't mind having to fill in a few blanks in a movie , but in _ The Singing Detective _ I had the constant and unpleasant feeling that I was n't quite sure what was going on.The movie moves through three storylines
 Okay , I 'm obviously in the minority here since the other reviews are glowing . They ca n't spell and they talk like shills for Gordon -LRB- director -RRB- , but hey , everybody 's entitled to an opinion . Point is ... this is a bad movie . If you 're some kind of wannabe film student who sits in Starbucks all day debating the state of Hollywood or how big bad corporations are ruining it for creative minds like yours ... then you might like this movie . It is pretentious enough to appeal to your sense of `` getting it '' even though you do n't , but for the rest of us ... well , if you have no life then go for it . If your refrigerator needs cleaning , or your toenails need cutting ... do that first ! Your time will be better spent . The movie has an identity crisis ... is it a musical ? A noir ? A neo-noir ? Crime Thriller ? A comedy ? Black comedy ? Here 's the joke ... Amazon has it categorized in just about every one of these ! Nobody knows what this is . If you decide to watch this after all I 've said , let me pass on a hint to enhance your viewing experience
 So many reviewers so far point out that ` The Singing Detective ' is inferior to the 1986 TV mini-series starring Michael Gambon . On the other hand , there are some who defend this newer Robert Downey Jr. version on the ground that it has its own charms , mostly about its quirky nature . I happened to be interested in the film after seeing the cast without knowing the background history of the film including all about Dennis Potter . Now I 've seen it , and I was intrigued with the unique world at first , but sorry , that did n't last very long.Actually , I 'm impressed with certain things . No matter what people say , Robert Downey Jr. is a fantastic actor , and he shows it as Dan Dark in a hospital bed . His pains hiding behind his arrogance can be easily felt thanks to his powerful acting and good make-up jobs . I have nothing against the other cast which is also impressive -- from reliable Robin Wright Penn to Mel Gibson with a bald wig on his head . Even Katie Holmes is good , but perhaps the truth is , she can be good if she wants to.But even if you have not seen the original TV like me , you would soon realize the defects of the film . Im short it needs more time . So many characters are made to appear in Dark 's two worlds , reality and fantasy , that they are all reduced to insignificant cyphers . Alfre Woodard appears fleetingly , and is gone . Adrian Brody and Jon Polito appear as Hoods , and ... what did they do ? Nothing that I can remember . Jeremy Northam ? Where is he?But more fundamental trouble is the relation between Dark and the doctor played by Gibson . For all Gibson 's good acting as oddball Dr. Gibbon , Dark 's psychological process to find the true problem about his over-aggressive mind through his ficional noir world looks too contrived here , and is given too short time to convince us . Even the musical sections , though themselves good , look mercilessly cut short . Director Keith Gordon does his best , but if you see too short musical parts -LRB- Danny and the Juniors ' hit ` At the Hop ' for example -RRB- it is obvious that the film 's budget was limited.I 'm not telling you ` The Singing Detective ' is a bad film . Rather , it is an example showing that with a wiser decision of the filmmakers , this could have been much better . Why not longer version instead of just 110 minutes ? But perhaps , like Billy Bob Thornton 's ` All the Pretty Horses , ' the exectives would not allow that .
 I 've never been much of a Robert Downey Jr. fan . All I heard was praises for him in this film , and I must say I was disappointed when this movie never came to theater when I first heard about it over a year ago . You would have thought with a movie with this kind of cast including Downey , Mel Gibson , Katie Holmes Wright Penn , and Adrien Brody would have made this movie shine . It 's anything but that.Dan Darko -LRB- Downey -RRB- is an author . He 's in a hospital for some kind of skin condition that they never explain how he got . He is stuck in the hospital and he hates every minute of it . He starts to hullicinate and live out the novels that he 's written . He 's not sure what is fake and whats not except for the visits from the few people he sees.Dr.Gibbons -LRB- Gibson -RRB- is the closest thing that Darko has to a friend . He really does want to help him out , and the two really do play some interesting mind games out with each other . Gibbons is trying to help him overcome his illusions and get himself back into the real world.The real world is n't what Darko likes . His nagging ex-wife -LRB- Wright Penn -RRB- is hanging around with ulterior motives . He does however enjoy his daily rubs with skin cream from Nurse Mills -LRB- Holmes -RRB- . However it 's up to Darko to overcome his problems . He 's living out painful memories from his life and he must make the descion to solve the problems and get back to reality or stay in the dream world he hates.The worst part of this movie is the organization of it . It 's really messy at times . You do n't know what is going on and the jump to reality and fantasy is non stop . It 's to much of an effort to try to keep up with it . It 's not thats it to complicated but it 's boring and stupid.I enjoyed parts of the script . I loved some of the conversations between Darko and Gibbons . Gibson and Downey are both great in those situations . The rest of the script is a waste.The acting is n't bad in the movie , but it 's nothing to write home about . There is so much wasted talent in this picture . This movie is really a waste in something that could have been so much better . I really only enjoyed one part of the movie and that is the scene and dance sequence with Katie Holmes . The rest of the movie really is crap to me.You definetly want to rent this one before you buy it . Not even hardcore fans of these actors can enjoy this one .
 I thought this might be a fun movie - a cross between the detective genre & a musical , Robert Downey - but was very soon offended by the portrayals of women -LRB- all 1-dimensional sex objects stripping in cabarets , boring ... -RRB- , the egregious constant sexual references - for God 's sake , do n't watch this with children ! - and the predictability of the characters . Some boring old-fashioned sexist male idiot 's fantasies , I could not watch more than 10 minutes . Too bad Robert Downey allowed himself to be talked into this one.The Singing Detective
 In the world of writer Dennis Potter -LRB- PENNIES FROM HEAVEN , LIPSTICK ON YOUR COLLAR -RRB- , upbeat songs are used to contrast the gloomy lives of Potter 's downbeat characters . Keith Gordon 's adaptation of Potter 's THE SINGING DETECTIVE stands in the mighty shadow of the acclaimed 6-hour BBC television production -LRB- 1986 -RRB- . I suppose Gordon 's effort should be judged on its own merits , but since I saw the BBC miniseries first , it 's impossible for me not to draw comparisons.Robert Downey Jr. plays a writer hospitalized for an extreme case of eczema , a skin disease that results in inflammation and scaliness -LRB- in real life , Potter suffered from the same disorder -RRB- . During his stay , Downey , a miserable misogynist , frequently escapes into the fictional life of his alter ego , a singing detective . In these fantasies , he finds himself confronting many long-suppressed emotional issues.The BBC version had the luxury of exploring its protagonist over a six-hour duration , allowing lead actor Michael Gambon to infuse his character with the sort of subtle shadings that are nowhere to be found in this remake . With only 108 minutes to cover the same ground , Robert Downey Jr. turns in rushed , one-note performance , though probably not through any fault of his own . But he 's still one cranky jerk and after a while , even the most indulgent viewer will lose interest in him , and begin wondering why they should care about any of his whining . Without the key ingredient of audience sympathy , Gordon 's film implodes.In Gordon 's defense , Dennis Potter 's work is notoriously tricky to adapt ; Potter 's writings are populated by unappealing souls and his technique of allowing songs to convey a character 's suppressed emotions is a conceptual conceit that can -- and often does -- grow tiresome . When it 's done correctly , however , it makes for compelling , disturbing entertainment . For that reason , I advise you to skip this film , and check out the BBC version of THE SINGING DETECTIVE and the underrated Steve Martin film PENNIES FROM HEAVEN .
 Only a devout fan will want to view this mess to the end . To be honest , I fast-forwarded through much of it .
 Robert plays a severe burn patient that is having flashbacks ... I think this is one of the worst in his career as it makes him look like a nut that wants to die ... Very strong content is involved in terms of sex and violent content . . I expected to see Robert as a detective out solving a case and not some wacked out musical ... The only saving grace is the classic music sprinkled throughout the movie ...
 It was n't terrible , it really was n't . Yes , it 's got the usual sub-par production values and theater-like acting custom from the period dramas of the time , but I 've thoroughly enjoyed other adaptations made in the same way . Despite its length , it made a few changes to the story -LRB- such as making the Dixons a couple who wanted to hire Jane ... ? -RRB- that puzzled me . And it felt slightly boring and draggy at times as well . But I think the main reason I could n't connect with it was the actors . Or really , one main actress - Emma herself.She was my main problem with the series . I just could n't connect with her at all . She came off as much older and more mature than the Emma of the book . I was shocked to read she was only 22 at the time , because I would have guessed her to be at least 30 . I think it was the way she spoke - a very clipped , fakey aristocratic accent . At least I hope it was faked and that she did n't really talk like that in real life ! I never saw any real emotion from her - it was all so artificial.This is really one adaptation that I found so boring a lot of the time that I could n't even find enough to say about it . I ca n't really recommend it except to complete a Jane Austen collection .
 Anyone who knows the book knows that Emma is susposed to be about 20 years old so why do they have an acress playing her that looks like she 's between 40 to 45 years old?Isn ' t this actress in this 70 's BBC made version a little too long in the tooth to be playing a young woman in her early 20 's ? Buy or rent the Gwyneth Paltrow or Kate Beckensale versions instead . They act good in their versions and are young enough to be believable as Emma.PS
 Honestly , I 'm shocked that this production has received such high praise . I enjoy the book , but this ugly , drawn-out thing bored me to tears ; this production proves how important it is to * adapt * a book to the screen , rather than pedantically act it out scene-by-scene , word-by-word . The sets are bad , the sound is worse , and I 've seen better-looking costumes at high school productions.I enjoyed Donald Eccles as Mr. Woodhouse , Fiona Walker as Mrs. Elton , and Debbie Bowen as Harriet Smith , but loathed Doran Godwin as Emma . Emma is supposed to be 21 and beautiful , not 31 and weird looking . I know that that sounds a bit shallow , but movies are a visual medium , and poor Godwin has a long , scrawny chicken neck and is slightly pop-eyed . She just creeped me out.Austen fans should probably watch it , just so they can say that they watched it , but I recommend borrowing it rather than paying money for it .
 painful . Neither Paltrow nor Beckinsale were perfect either , but this one was appalling.This movie is packaged in 2 cassettes , and I could n't even make it through the first one . Where do I begin ? The hair was awful -LRB- especially Mr. Elton 's -RRB- , the casting was awful -LRB- Jeremy Northam will always be Mr. Knightley to me -RRB- , the costumes were awful -LRB- zippers , anyone ? -RRB- . I hung in as long as I could to see what they did with Frank Churchill , but I just could n't go on . So sad ... My feeling about a good adaptation is that it should make you want to run out and buy the book . I 'm glad I 'd already read Emma 4 or 5 times because this movie certainly would not have made me desperate to read the book . I probably would have run screaming in the other direction.I did like their take on Mr. Woodhouse though . Thank Goodness for small favors !
 Doran is the worst Emma ever . She 's completely cold and looks like a preying mantis . This was distracting because I kept expecting her to rip off Mr. Knightley 's head and eat it . There is no chemistry at all between Emma and Mr. Knightley in this film . This version was very close to the book , and many of the other actors are quite good , so it 's a shame about Doran . Watch A&E 's Emma instead , with Kate Beckinsale . This version is not be as true to the book , but Kate does a much better job of portraying Emma 's complexities than does Doran or Gwyneth .
 While this version of Emma is probably the most faithful to the book , the Emma we get is a woman whose face is frozen in what seems to be a perpetual startled stare . What a distraction every time she was on screen . And Harriet Smith was a cowering country bumpkin who was simpering and cloyingly annoying ... ugh ! It is only because the rest of the cast was so good that I give this version of Emma 2 stars.If you want to see an Emma worth watching , buy the Gwynneth Paltrow or Kate Beckinsale version .
 This version of Emma is just all swrong.Emma is susposed to be about 20 years old and the actress playing her in this movie looks like she 's between 40 to 45 years old.Definitely too long in the tooth to play a young woman!Get the Kate Beckinsale or Gwynith Paltrow versions instead ! They act good and are young enough to play Emma and the costumes they wear are way better !
 Tedious , with inferior casting , costumes , and sets .
 I have seen several versions of Emma and enjoyed them . However , this one is my least favorite . The actress who plays Emma rather grated on my nerves and I did not enjoy her performance at all . I would not recommend this one .
 Will not play on sony media player although it has the amazon prime application . Whats this all about ? Please advise if this can be corrected . Thanks loyal amazon member .
 I love Pablo 's act on Comedy Central . This one does n't even touch it .
 It graphically shows us -LRB- in all ugly and shocking details -RRB- how people are dying for nothing . The crew could abandon this `` can '' to begin with and all be saved , but stupid captain wanted them to be heroes instead . The captain preferred explicitly to send 6 of his comrades to terrible death for so called honor of the Socialist motherland , instead of saving all their lives by simply abandoning the ship . This captain -LRB- whom H. Ford played -RRB- is a brain washed communist criminal , not a hero , not a wise leader.Technically , this movie was very well done , but its setback in moral is severe . This movie took 100 million dollars to produce , and it brought back only 39 million . No wonder , it became a financial failure as well .
 K-19 THE WIDOWMAKER is certainly earnest in its attempts to show the loyalties and courage of a motley crew of Russian submariners , but director Kathryn Bigelow -LRB- Near Dark -RRB- shows no imagination in her limp and flaccid handling of this adventure tale . Since it 's obvious the characters are Russian , why did n't she just let them speak in English instead of having reputable actors embarrass themselves with horrible accents . Peter Saarsgard as the noble Nuclear Reactor dude is the only performer who brings life to his role . Harrison Ford and Liam Neeson are abysmally ineffective , and by the time the movie reaches its overly sentimental ending , I was glad my investment of time in this klunker was over .
 1 . I 'm not an expert into the actual historical events that took place but via the various reviews on this movie , this movie is another in a long list of Hollywood movies in which the `` based on a true story '' idea is extended beyond reality .2 . With the above being said , I can accept the semi-fictional account and just sit down for a good movie , but the problem with this film is that it 's just not that good of a movie in the first place . Ultimately , Harrison Ford 's portrayal of the Capt of the sub is just lousy and unconvincing .3 . Anyway , it 's decent enough to rent , but nothing beyond that . For a good sub movie that actually written and acted well -- > go for the classic Hunt for Red Oct. .
 This movie was painful to watch , most of the actore in the movie have the cheesest fake russian accents I 've ever heard . Harison Ford fades from cheesey fake Russian accent to cheesey fake Irish accent to his normal accent and it ... . Liam Neison fades from I do n't know what to his normal accent . These are both actors I had respect for and that respect has been weekened because of watching this movie , they should be ashamed . However I gave this movie 2 stars because I really do like the story despite it being far fetched in some casees , but far fetched is Hollywoods specialty .
 I am a great fan of both Liam Neeson and Harrison Ford , and was looking forward to watching this movie when it was released on DVD -LRB- I missed it in the theaters -RRB- . Unfortunately , it ended up being a waste of time.The acting was incredibly low quality . Harrison Ford walked around in a stupor for the last half of the movie . His character emoted no emotions , nor did it create any empathy for the situation . Liam Neeson was equally ineffective ; at one point he is hating Ford 's character , and at the next he is proud to have worked under such an excellent captain.The plot is slow in moving , and had nothing to hold my attention . While it is understandable that a story should n't unfold everything in the first five minutes , both my wife and I got bored waiting for the plot to lead to anything of interest.The music is overbearing . I am finding that music is increasingly being forced upon the audience . This is one of those films . Apparently , whoever wrote the score did not have any knowledge of how to build up the suspense via music , nor did they know when NOT to use music . There is music in literally every second of this film , and I find it distracting when a film uses music in passages where there is `` nothing to say '' . The sets were fine -LRB- neither good nor bad -RRB- , the cinematography was so-so , the effects appropriate . Also , since Liam Neeson is as qualified an actor as Harrison Ford , and his part was as big , why did his picture not appear on the poster and box?Finally , this was not really a submarine movie . They could have done the same thing in a movie on Chernobyl.I think I 'll watch a real sub movie tonight
 the film is not good . the director says in dvd feature , that the sacrifice of the sailors who prevented the meltdown of nuclear reactor were the heros and saved actually the world . so , we do n't see it in the movie . it 's very boring with all kinds of already seen images and sequences of sub-marine-movies . harrison ford produced and has a leading role . this is another factor which destroyed the oppurtunity to tell a good story . the story becomes to an ego fight between the captains -LRB- actors -RRB- etc. . Yes he needs a comeback and has to destroy the true theme of the story . sacrifice of the regular men who died . we do n't see no real emphasis with those men , where they came from , their women and how was the life under this system . too much ? no they just should n't focused on every screw of the sub but on the life of those sailors .
 why would russians speak in broken english ????? that alone ruined it for me .
 The film is based on a story that actually took place during the Cold War in the early 1960s . The acting is uneven , and we do n't fully understand how the situation in the submarine could possibly have an impact on Soviet-USA relations . We wonder what motivates these soviet soldiers to risk death , they just do it .
 There is something basically wrong with this film . For those who know the real story of K19 , the film should have been a scathing indictment of the Communist system . Instead of that , what the film conveys is feelings of horror about the Cold War and nuclear energy . It is true that , from a technical point of view , the accident is shown as it happened , and the submarine itself is shown as it was . However , the two strong , courageous , communist captains , played by Liam Neeson and Harrison Ford , simply never existed . The real captain of K19 , a Captain Nikolai Zateev , was an irresponsible , devil-may-care officer.He started the reactor ashore in conditions that would never have been tolerated in any Western navy - not even bothering to have pressure gauges installed for the vital primary coolant system . As a result , as the inquiry later determined , the coolant pipes were overstessed and one of them ruptured at sea , as shown in the movie . As in the movie , the captain did not radio Fleet Command immediately - but not , as in the movie , because the radio was broken . The true reason was that he hoped he could fix the problem at sea and avoid an inquiry that could send him straight to the gulag . It was only when it became all too clear that the accident could not be hidden that he radioed Fleet Command . As in the movie , seven sailors died in the first few days back to base , and many others later . It was only the first accident of K19 - in 1972 , a fire onboard killed 28 sailors -LSB- yes , the Soviet navy did not decommision K19 ! -RSB- - and another good movie could be made about the real facts.As for this movie , the submarine is well recreated , but the movie is simply too biased .
 Other reviewers have mostly covered it . I just wanted to add my vote to the &#34; too depressing &#34; side of the reviewers .
 There is something basically wrong with this film . For those who know the real story of K19 , the film should have been a scathing indictment of the Communist system . Instead of that , what the film conveys is feelings of horror about the Cold War and nuclear energy . It is true that , from a technical point of view , the accident is shown as it happened , and the submarine itself is shown as it was . However , the two strong , courageous , communist captains , played by Liam Neeson and Harrison Ford , simply never existed . The real captain of K19 , a Captain Nikolai Zateev , was an irresponsible , devil-may-care officer.He started the reactor ashore in conditions that would never have been tolerated in any Western navy - not even bothering to have pressure gauges installed for the vital primary coolant system . As a result , as the inquiry later determined , the coolant pipes were overstessed and one of them ruptured at sea , as shown in the movie . As in the movie , the captain did not radio Fleet Command immediately - but not , as in the movie , because the radio was broken . The true reason was that he hoped he could fix the problem at sea and avoid an inquiry that could send him straight to the gulag . It was only when it became all too clear that the accident could not be hidden that he radioed Fleet Command . As in the movie , seven sailors died in the first few days back to base , and many others later . It was only the first accident of K19 - in 1972 , a fire onboard killed 28 sailors -LSB- yes , the Soviet navy did not decommision K19 ! -RSB- - and another good movie could be made about the real facts.As for this movie , the submarine is well recreated , but the movie is simply too biased .
 This movie tells an amazing story
 This film has its moments , but they are few and far between . I 've rarely seen a film that is this lifeless from beginning to end . I actually admire Hollywood for making a picture based on the true story of a Russian submarine because , after all , heroism knows no single nationality . However , the film does stereotype Russians more than a little , and , worse , it never really hits its stride as a movie . It drags on and on , and by the time the end credits roll , there 's really nothing to talk about . It 's already forgotten .
 I can think of few things drearier than living in communist Russia , or having to do submarine duty . This is probably only exceeded by living in modern day communist North Korea . But getting back to our story , doing submarine duty while living under the rule of the old regime . A party movie this is n't . The movie takes the Russian point of view , or at least the Russian point of view that Hollywood would like us to have . In the not-too-distant past , the Commies have developed a submarine that can launch nuclear missiles while under water . As this country has a perpetual fear of being invaded , even while still in the business of invading other countries ... the successful completion of this mission will allow Vitali and Irena back home to sleep much better at night.So with a mission as critical as this , the commander for this mission seems to do everything he can . The Russkies have chosen Indiana Jones himself to run the operation , and he seems to want it to fail from the beginning . When his crew pleads with him that more time is needed to safely prepare the ship , he tells them they will leave in two weeks whether they drown or not . Can you imagine the leaders of the Space Shuttle taking this stand?Then , of course , there is the problem of unifying the crew . With a mission as important as this one , we seem to have a rag-tag group of drunks operating the vessel . It might be a stab at the way the country was in those days , but once again , with a mission so critical , do n't you try to have everything right before proceeding ? Indiana Jones answer to this is to take the boat so deep that it actually damages the ship in order to make the crew fear for there lives , and in this respect , somehow grow closer . I do n't buy it.But the biggest problem is that if you 've seen one submarine movie , you 've seen them all . They all have lots of men with constant worried looks on their faces . We have a lot of somber music . And you have those well-placed creaking sounds designed to make you think the whole egg might break at any moment . `` The Hunt for Red October '' worked because the submarine action was PART of the whole plot . But with virtually all the action taking place here , I 'm not sure how it 's possible to break new film-making ground with this kind of movie .
 K-19 , where failure is an option , is an extremely boring movie . However , if you like endless , pointless , stress-filled submarine drills , you 're in for a treat.There have been a lot of Soviet Naval disasters , and some were actually pretty interesting and dramatic . K-19 however , starts out and ends badly . It does a good job at showing how a beauracracy can mess up the decision-making of a military leader . I 'm glad I did n't serve in a navy where the torpedo crew left buckets full of fuel sitting around , or that has captains who value the ship - not the crew - but the ship , over the lives of the crew . Forget the ship , it 's a hunk of metal . The crew is your utmost priority . The core is going to melt through the ship 's hull , so just get everyone off safely , and scuttle ... But no , they had to stick guys with no radiation protection into a chamber filled with radioactive coolant liquid . For what ? Ugh!Also , the movie 's science was pretty bad . There 's no way the nuclear fuel was going to explode . Nuclear fission is not a nuclear chain reaction . At worst , the core would drop out of the ship 's hull and sink in the ocean , where all the whales and fish can have fun with a few hundred pounds of enriched Uranium . Why we put nuclear subs into the ocean in the first place is beyond me.This movie is instructional in showing how bad the Soviet system was . The supply trucks drop off the wrong medicine . They get supplied with chemical suits instead of radiation suits - on a nuclear submarine ! Wait a second : We have a nuclear submarine . We are isolated out on the lone , cold ocean , dependent on ourselves for repairs . We do n't have radiation suits.Nuclear submarine . No radiation suits.Nuclear subs need radiation suits . Ever heard of the Boy Scout motto `` Be Prepared ? '' Well , maybe the Komsomol 's motto is `` Let 's be dumb and unprepared . '' Deploying a nuclear sub without those suits is a scenario that embodies the height of irresponsibility and disregard for the most basic safety and survival procedures , not to mention crew welfare . They were in an untested nuclear sub without radiation suits . Soooo stupid . Then , they make a movie about how brave the guys were to go and expose themselves to the core and the heavy water coolant without those suits . Well , an ounce of prevention , pal . The only smart guy in the movie was the sailor who jumped ship and started swimmng for the American destroyer , part of a Navy that supplies it 's nuclear submarine crews with radiation suits . Hey , he might have jumped into the Arctic water to make a break for freedom and life , but he was a lot better than those guys who got irradiated and shipped back to the Soviet Union , where they were punished by the authorities for no other reason but going on a stupid mission in a crappy sub without the right gear.No wonder the Soviets failed . They have inept nuclear fission crews who do n't report problems to their superiors . They get a captain more concerned with his reputation than the ship 's crew . They get doctors who have no training in radiation sickness . The whole system stunk , as this movie shows.Also , there were many loose ends . Where did the test missile go ? What happened to the crewmember who made a break for the US destroyer ? I hope he made it to the good guys . I guess we 'll never know.Also , the Russian accents were distracting . I wish they had just spoken normal English , or Russian with subtitles . And the endless drills almost made the movie look like a self-mockery of submarine movies.Overall , the movie was impressive as far as the sets and realism goes . But , besides showing how bad the Soviet Union 's Navy was , I ca n't think of any reason to see this movie in the theater or rent it . Wait for it to hit HBO or the ABC Monday Night Movie . -- JJ Timmins
 I thought Harrison Ford would be this film 's undoing , but in the end he 's the best thing about it . He becomes more convincing as the film progresses , and by the end you can almost believe in him . The problem here is the story . As historical fact it 's an intriguing , sobering and sometimes sickening tale of Communist pride defeating common sense , and it might have worked as a documentary . But as a dramatic story , at least as imagined by Louis Nowra and Christopher Kyle , it 's unrelentingly boring . The problem is n't so much that a film telling the true story of a nuclear disaster that was narrowly averted wo n't play because we already know how it ends . `` Thirteen Days '' made an admirable tilt at the Cuban missile crisis , and it worked because it told the story from a new perspective
 Came Aspect Ratio
 Harrison Ford was ridiculous trying to portray a Russian naval officer . Talk about miscasting . Movie just terrible with absurd , but hilarious dialogue .
 Very high quality movie . Action - almost to none . Play - outstanding . Overall - average movie , that will be forgotten in a few months . The `` Hunt for Red October '' in a million times better movie . I feel , like waisted -LSB- money -RSB- ...
 You know it 's bad when the most exciting part of the movie is n't when the battles take place , but when the action breaks and the guys get to see their wives and loved ones.Never have I sat through a war-based movie more abysmal than this one.I was nearly sound asleep before the end.Cover Art
 Harrison is for `` regime change on both sides '' . Buy something else .
 This movie is a wretch . I actually spent money on seeing it in the theater . Quite a mistake as hours later I felt like I was robbed not only of my money but my time . This movie claims to be based on real events but is so obviously -LRB- and overly -RRB- dramatized that I felt sad for the Russians who were ACTUALLY involved with the incident . Poor acting -LRB- Harrison Ford at his lowest -RRB- , poor directing -LRB- this movie DRAGS -RRB- , and a poor script -LRB- blatantly Hollywood -RRB- . So in essence , buy just about any other submarine movie BUT K-19 , as there are some good ones out there . This one is the epitomy of stinker -LRB- or SINKER -RRB- .
 By the time an aged Harrison had reached the cemetary reunion I had decided to switch off , so I guess you can chalk this film up as a failure . I have seen the story done before in a drama documentary starring Rutger Hauer , which was shorter and therefore more compelling . Since the stricken Russian sub is offered help by the Americans , we are never really convinced that the fate of the world is in the balance , so we are left with a lot of coming and going into a room that makes you vomit . Nowadays , also known as a cinema . Either way , not terribly dramatically compelling.Ford 's fee was apparently $ 25m plus a cut of the profits , before you think he may have been doing this film for art 's sake . I guess they knocked off the other $ 30m because he was miscast .
 As it stands , this movie is not bad.But , if you have ever watched Das Boot , you will probably agree that this movie is two things :1 . Inferior2 . The same thing , more or less.I mean , there are differences , mainly the sub here is nuclear -LRB- or nucular in Bush-speak -RRB- , but there are several things that make this movie inferior : * it came after Das Boot , reflecting Hollywood 's lack of creativity . * Harrison Ford 's Russian accent -LSB- is bad -RSB- . * The language is English , whereas my fav . Das Boot release is the original German with subtitles . * The main actors do n't even look Russian for the most part.There were certain scenes where I noticed a very obvious duplication of Das Boot scenes . All in all I consider this a waste of money ... I should have purchased a Das Boot DVD instead of renting this one .
 Bigelow 's worst movie is the turgid `` K-19 , The Widowmaker , '' where all was apparently sacrificed to provide another star turn for Harrison Ford . Unlike Bigelow 's other work , it is slow , plodding and heavy handed . There is n't a single artistic image or stunning visual sequence to be had . Set entirely aboard a nuclear submarine , one ca n't help remembering and comparing it to an earlier film , `` Das Boot , '' which handled the submarine world at war beautifully and artistically . The major difference is that `` Das Boot '' is about German submariners during WWII whereas the Bigelow film is about Russian nuclear submariners in 1961 during the Cold War . This is the only film of Bigelow 's that I consider a bomb . Like many who have gone before her , given a huge budget and a super star who had to be showcased throughout , the whole thing sinks under its own weight . The Russian accents by all these American movie stars are also atrocious , like chalk screeching on a blackboard to your ears by movie 's end .
 I could n't tell you how this movie was , as Lee Daniels Entertainment did n't bother to make it with subtitles or closed caption . Unfortunately I just rented the movie , but am unable to watch it . This is the 21st century is n't it ? I guess this segment of viewers is not important to Lee Daniels or Teton Films .
 Be very careful of this movie . The R rating is misleading , and it should be rated X. I was embarrassed watching this movie with my husband . Halfway through the movie , I removed it from the DVD player and threw it in the trash . In one scene , you can see a complete frontal view of a nude man . In several scenes , you clearly see the naked back side of a man . Also , naked breasts are visible in at least one scene . Several sex scenes were very explicit . In addition , the language included much bad language . The plot included assassinations , and the movie was bloody . Some of what was in the movie is too explicit to explain in this post . I love the actors and actresses in the movie , and I was very disappointed to find them in such a movie . In all the movies I have watched , I have never witnessed this kind of trash in a R-rated movie .
 Okay . Let me try to explain this peculiar movie to you . Cuba Gooding Jr and Helen Mirren play two hired asassins who do a job for their boss . The kill half the people in the house but decide to spare their boss 's wife , when they find out she 's pregnant . They take her with them in hiding from their boss who is peeved about now . Cuba and Helen Mirren also have sexual fling going on this movie and the twist is that she is his mother ! Hellen 's character also murdered Cuba 's character 's abusive father when he was a child ! The plot doesnt sound too terrible but the movie is worser than I 'm making it sound . The plot while strange is not what hurts this film
 I must have gotten a bad copy , I would like to receive another one because this dvd stops so many times during the movie and you ca n't fast forward it will start at the beginning again . The movie is great one you do get a chance to look at it .
 But this movie manages to do it . Two decent people became hired killers , and the motivation is unconvincing -LRB- they do n't seem to need the money that badly -RRB- . Also , this is the kind of movie in which a doctor with a lighted cigarette in his mouth examines a new-born baby -- and no one seems to think it 's strange.You might want to rent this movie to see Cuba Gooding Jr. -- he 's the very essence of cool in a scene in which he picks up a woman in a bar , intending to kill her to fulfill a contract .
 This was one of the worst movie I have ever seen , we had to fast forward through some very boring stuff . Ok , I 'll sum it all up for you
 This movie is simply the worst film that ever existed in the face of this planet . By all means , if you are the type of individual that loves killer movies that make absolutely no sense then this for you . On the other , it only requires a fair amount of logic to realize this is THE WORST MOVIE ON THE PLANET . Plot makes no sense , acting is really bad , Cuba just sits there and wait to get his finger cut off so he can fight ... . man the nightmares goes on . Stay away from this movie at all cost ... . Stay Away ! It 's really that bad .
 This movie was slow and boring ! I mean boring with a capital B ! The plot was thin and silly , I mean the are hired hitmen and they dont kill this one chick because she 's pregnant , do they leave her ?? No , they take her along with them ! What a joke of a plot ! Even if your a fan of Cuba Gooding Jr. , this film will be played ONCE and then just collect DUST !
 Let me be honest at the risk of sounding shallow . I ONLY bought this movie because I love Stephen Dorff with a passion so I checked it out.This movie is not the worst I 've seen but it 's not the best either . It 's very disjointed and the plot is choppy and many things do not make sense . I think the unneeded violence and sex was thrown in to keep the viewers from dozing off . Dorff is wonderful and though he has some bad movie choices , he always makes the best of the roles given him . He does not disappoint and plays the perfect Clayton . Cuba Gooding Jr. is dry and boring . Helen Mirren is just as boring . Joseph Levitt , Monique and Macy Gray were entertaining and Macy should have been shown more ! She brought spunk to this dry movie . The lady who plays Clayton 's wife was n't the best actress and though she 's very attractive and her character is upheld as a decent person in the film , her colligen-pumped lips made her look like some sleazy porn star.There were too many unbelievable things in this film like the various couples ! I could not buy Helen and Cuba as a couple no matter how hard I try . Helen Mirren looks like an old bag . She is not an older woman who would attract a younger , fit man such as Cuba Gooding who could have any woman he wants . I think the director wanted us to buy that this romance was out of circumstance and yes , couples do fall in love because of that at times but there was no way that I thought Gooding 's character would look at Mirren in a sexual way . If anything he 'd think of her as a mother figure and that 's how it should have been written . It would have been more touching that way . Their sexual relationship was sickening and gross.Joseph Levitt and Monique were an interesting looking pair together but they did n't fit as well . Levitt looked like a twelve year-old boy and I could not see how he or Monique would be attracted to each other . Maybe if his role had looked more mature , you could see it . Also he 's too young looking to pull off even the `` young '' doctor character convincingly . The coupling in this film was plain silly and laughable . The only couple that seemed interesting and who fit together would have been Gooding and Macy Gray yet he had to kill her!There were too many characters which made the plot more confusing . Sometimes characters would n't be shown for a long time and it was as if we 're supposed to remember them . Please . A big problem I had with the plot is that as Clayton 's son grows up when the years go by , everyone stays the same and looks the same ! Could n't their appearances change ? The characters had the same hair styles and looked just as young years later as when the film began.If it had n't been for Dorff then this movie would have gotten one star . It 's just too confusing , boring and silly . The director tries to push this as a top notch , thrilling film noir but it does n't work . Better luck next time , Lee .
 This film stayed with me for at least a day after viewing it . I thought and thought about what the ending might ` mean ' -- my thoughts led me to this conclusion
 I took a chance on this and was disappointed that I did . The problem with this film is that it promises much yet delivers very little . For the most part , it 's a slow burner
 The movie had promise , and it certainly was artistic . Ludivine is gorgeous and naturally beautiful . But the ending was just too obtuse . Who was the other girl ? Was she a con artist ? Was she a figment of the author 's imagination ? Was the other manuscript real or part of the new novel ? The movie , while cinematic and unique , left me with too many questions . Did she write the sexy waiter into the murder plot of her novel ? Or did he really die ? It was just too strange .
 This story was a waste of time ... no one can figure it out ! Read most of the reviews and not one person says what needs to be said ... the French chick that spends some time in the nude is hot ... and that 's about it . I wish there was some really hot sex scenes in this mediocre film ... but there were n't . I also wished for a lot of other cool twists and turns but unfortunately for me , they never materialized . They should have used this hot young actress to do a re-make of `` The Story of O '' ... now that would be something to see!I am so disappointed by today 's `` adult themed '' films ... they not only miss the mark in the story catagory , they miss the mark in the most important catagory of all ... the `` boner factor '' ... or in the case of women viewers ... `` the wetness factor '' . All we erotic film buffs are left with these days are cheaply made video taped `` porno '' flicks that have no stories at all and are shot in L.A. by the underground sex mafia ! Very dissapointed in this film ... I had very high expectations ...
 Much of the discussion of this movie reduces to differences of enjoyment among people . Some like a walk in a park . Others perfer a roller coaster ride . Although neither is `` better '' than the other , I 'll have to say that this film was not unlike `` crawling through a park . `` Worse , though , it was a `` cheat . '' I could write a 1-line movie script -LRB- `` Mary woke up one morning , looked into her mirror , and did not recognize herself . '' -RRB- All manner of discussion could spawn from that `` script '' -- but that does not make it good.I suppose the point of this movie was that the English Author created a fictional version of the Publisher 's Daughter by writing her as a sexy and disturbed woman -- and that is the person we saw througout the movie until the end . There we see the real daughter . Or , if you want to torture yourself , you could take the Daughter at face value and that the plainer , non-sexy daughter is the way she is seen by her father.But does any of that make for good movie writing ? To me , the writer provided a few dots and left it up to the audience to either be bored by it or connect the dots into a movie that they could like . In my opinion , that is extremely lazy movie-making -- which is why I call this one a cheat .
 I 'm not exactly a fan of foreign films to start with , so this story seemed to have a strike against it to start with , but I thought , what the heck ? The ONLY saving grace for this film was that there was a plot twist at the end . Too bad the time it took me to get to the plot twist nearly had me sleeping . The acting was fine , the script and pacing of the story made you feel like you were moving in slow motion . Non-linear stories do n't bother me , as Tarentino movies seem to do it and not seem to have slow pacing -LRB- in fact Tarentino 's non-linear storytelling seems to speed up the flick , as does Guy Ritchie 's , though they 're also a different style of writer than the writer of Swimming Pool -RRB- . This does n't surprise me that the movie was in the $ 6.99 Dvd bin , as it seemed similar to any other B-movie `` suspense-thriller '' made in any other country . -LRB- Though I hardly found the movie either suspenseful OR thrilling -RRB- Everyone 's a critic and it looks like there 's a lot of people who really enjoyed this flick . I was n't one of them . If you like slow , `` suspense-thrillers '' that are n't really suspenseful OR thrilling , then , by all means , rent or buy and watch this movie .
 This is a much over rated film . Two stars is probably being generous.Throughout the film , I kept waiting for something to happen . Yes , sure there was some build up in sexual tension but the key dramatic event came late in the film when a murder occurred . However , this does not seem to fit in well . It almost seemed pointless from the point of view of the plot.Overall , the acting was passable but the plot was meandering . It was a long hour and a half .
 I rented this movie because of the reviews on this site . Unfortunately I was misled . For people who enjoy plot twists at the very end of the film go ahead rent this . If you like looking at a young beautiful woman go topless for much of the film , go ahead and rent this . But if you want something interesting and compelling to watch rent a different film . The acting is so , so . The plot is actually predictable , even given the twisted ending . And the stucture of the film needs a lot of work . Whoever thought that spending twenty minutes watching somebody get unpacked in a new house and settling into a routine was interesting film needs to go back to film school and start over.This film functions best as sort of a softcore pornography but it aspires to be hitchockian . It misses the mark .
 There are at least five minutes of ads at the beginning which you can not skip over , and not just film trailers . If I pay for a DVD I 'm not going to pay for mandatory commercials .
 This movie aspires to psychologically tense drama and falls well short of the mark in every way . The psychology never develops , and the `` surprise ending '' makes it clear that these characters -LRB- or their creator -RRB- are just as immature and shallow as they seem . As a result , there simply is no dramatic tension . I suppose that , in the right mood and context , on a big screen , this movie could cast a spell with its fairly good music and good production values . Still , one of the most disappointing movies I 've seen in a long time -- the only thing worse than the movie itself is watching the deleted scenes !
 I knew I would be disappointed when I bought this DVD , because I was in Europe at the time it was running in theatres there , and I knew it was a crowd pleaser , but I didnt think it was so bad . I was just curious because sometimes , what pleases to the crowd turns out to be a good movie -LRB- like Amelie , that one was really good -RRB- . But indeed , Swimming Pool is a bad movie , the play of the actors is bad , there is absolutely no originality in the treatment of the topic -LRB- lesbian attraction between a real lady and ghostly one , oh yeah Francois Ozon thought probably he was gon na have the same succes in cannes as Lynch 's Mulholland DR. did in 2001 ... -RRB- , and from a cinematographic point of view it is flat out ordinary . So if you 're curious , rent it out in some vidoe store before you decide to buy it .
 This was such a waste of time . I think the main reason it confused me was that I wanted there to be more to it than there was . I wanted there to be a point . I wanted there to be a coherant story . I wanted there to be more than wasted space and time . I wanted it to have one theory to work with , not hundreds . I wanted payoff for my time spent watching it.Now , up until the end , I was really into it . I was very much in to what was going on . I wanted to know why , I wanted to know how , I wanted to know who . What I did not want was the answers it gave to those questions . I am very lucky that there was no knife or sharp object near me when this movie ended cause I would have killed someone if there had been.I am soo sick of all this `` did it or did n't it happen '' crap that I could just scream . Well , in fact I did scream when it was all over . If you liked this movie I am not going to knock you for it , to each his own , but this was not in any way , shape or form a movie that I would recommend to anyone.There was never a moment in the movie that I would refer to as thrilling . There was nothing erotic about it . Yes , there was lots of nudity , but even that was rather lame and boring . The actress was not one that I would care to see naked.There was one moment of tension that quickly vaporized and went away . The only mystery was why did anyone make this movie.The only thing that made sense was that there was a swimming pool in the movie and it had a lot of screen time.If you want real mystery or suspense or Hitchcockian style then stay with a Hitchcock movie.I will not discuss anymore of the movie as there is really no reason what so ever to do so . If you want to see it , do . If you do n't want to , do n't . Do not use this as any reason to see it or not , I just hated it and wanted to vent this so that others who see it and hate it will not feel alone .
 I absolutely hated this film . I found no redeeming qualities in it at all . Most of my favorite films are art house and foreign but this was a pathetic attempt at intellectual film making . A minimum of dialogue and lack of plot development until the last scenes makes for an unnecessary long experience . The editors and director made use of long shots and pans like a first year film student . I almost walked out on the film after watching three consecutive panning shots in different directions . The director has failed when the audience looks at its watch . Anyone claming that the ending was anything but a trite example of meta-fiction I refer them to 8 and Curt Vonnegut for far more intelligent and well done examples . I find it hard to believe that this film claims to be suspenseful . I yawned my way thru the `` suspense scenes '' of the last quarter of the film in spite of the overly dramatic and at times corny score telling me how to feel . I felt like I was watching a `` made for TV movie '' that took its self too seriously . If you have seen swimming Pool you might agree there is a sliver of unintentional brilliance in the film . The author/protagonist was tired of writing commercial mass market throw-away books and despite how hard she tried and what the score told you , what she created -LRB- the plot -RRB- was just that , crap . If the director wanted to use the ending he did why not make the story INTERESTING . When I left the theater I heard one of the theater goers say `` I did n't understand it but I liked it '' . I did n't think that was possible . If your looking for something with subtitles that will make you feel smart and cultured try Igmar Berman 's The Seventh Seal , Thru a Glass Darkly etc. . Fedrico Fellini 's 8 1/2 , Vittorio De Sico 's Umberto D. , and anything by Akira Kurosawa .
 This is dull , dull , dull . And do n't believe claims of hot women and lots of sex and nudity . There 's really very little . Then , there 's the mind numbing pointless plot .
 I have no idea why this movie is unrated . It is so boring I had to watch it again to make sure I did not miss all the great stuff that put me to sleep in the first place . Seriously dissappointed ! This movie could be cut down to a 20 min tale . This copy will be going up for sale asap !
 I agree with the other negative reviewers . I 'm fond of suspense movies with plot twists , but this one moved to slow , was weak in dialogue and the ending was unsatisfying . Glad I only rented it as well .
 This movie was good but what just happened ? Why is Julie two different people ? One in braces and the one we saw all through the movie . Are they one in the same ? Why is she waving at both of them ?
 I was very hopeful , and even enjoying the interaction of the two main characters , but the ending was just out of the blue and very stupid . I wo n't spoil it , but the ending was stupid on the level of the the famous season of tv soap opera `` Dallas '' that was written off as a dream . From the murder on , it was all pointless , and had little to do with the beginning .
 WHY ? Well there is a swimming pool in the movie . There is also a house . Why not call it House ? Oh , that title was taken . No matter what title you give it , it 's still boring . Let 's see . . a woman goes to dinner , she walks around the house , she sits at her computer , she meets a young whore with nice breast , spys on her and her numerous male callers , then you get an unexciting conclusion and no rewards are offered . I saw the trailer for the movie and thought it seemed mysterious . It was n't what I hoped .
 and i thought their cheese was overrated.blech , i find more tension and intrigue sitting in traffic . 2 hours of my life I 'll never get back . I dove in for ya - the pool was empty .
 While I certainly like nudity and erotica , I found this tale to be only mildly interesting and kind of contrived and found none of the suspense or excitement discussed by others.Nudity - B-Plot - C+A cting - DBelievability quotient was nil to me and I wanted , really , to like it . Nice scenery -LRB- excluding the anotomy -RRB-
 The movie starts off very slowly , gathers a bit of steam , and then takes a plot turn that is totally inconsistent with the personalities of the two main characters , uptight writer Sarah and free spirit Julie.I 'd quote one of Sarah 's lines as she `` assists '' Julie with a task that they undertake , but it would be too much of a spoiler ... in any case , once that line was spoken , I lost all respect for the plot.Some of the scenery in the movie is pleasing to the eye . For that , I 'll give the movie two stars , rather than the one star it would have otherwise deserved.In any case -- do n't waste your time watching `` Swimming Pool . '' You 'll drown in the stupidity .
 This film was one of the top `` snoozers '' I 've been duped into watching . The portrayal of characters was only so-so , Rampling is not very convincing in her role and the dregs that are brought about for partners in sex scenes do not match the characters . I learned little about film enjoyment , was not thrilled at the snail 's pace of the story and found the overall story and film quite boring . To attempt to put this film on the level of a Hitchcock thriller would require some serious drinking beforehand . I recommend this one be missed unless one has `` nothing '' else to do and has not reached the peak of boredom .
 I am being generous in giving this film two stars . I saw a trailer for it , and while it looked intriguing , looks can be deceiving , much like the bulk of this would-be psychological potboiler . I think the photography work and acting deserve a minimum of two stars as both were excellent ; the general storyline , however , was drivel.Many reviewers have noted how the film fundamentally makes no sense , and there are parts where I agree wholeheartedly . I do n't mind thought-provoking films that leave you wondering what actually happened , but this was mostly in the shallow end from the standpoint of plot construction . It is inconceivable to me how the two female leads -LRB- Charlotte Rampling , and Ludivine Sagnier -RRB- could tolerate one another ; further , it is incomprehensible why Rampling did n't merely leave France when Sagnier started making her life miserable . To believe that Rampling would actually help Sagnier conceal murder is impossible . Yes , I know that the entire character of the daughter is ambiguous by the end , but inasmuch as the character was constructed in Rampling 's mind to be a murderess negates charges of cinematic intellectual superiority and holds Rampling 's judgment suspect.The entire movie is filled with characters that are excruciating to watch , and the only real reason for a two star rating is that the actors do an outstanding job in their roles . I considered briefly watching the film a second time to make sure I understood all the nuances , but I just hated it too much the first time to give it a second chance . This is one film that looks positively great as a two minute theatrical trailer , but looks positively awful in the light of day as a hulking 103 minute feature.I am very open-minded to unusual , imported , and avant-garde films , but while this movie had touches of all three , I was merely relieved when it was over .
 saw this movie in the theatre and demanded my money back upon leaving . a group of us were stunned at how bad this film was . strangers otherwise leaving the theatre were united in anger , frustration and utter amazement that the reviews were even close to good let alone raving about this movie . what a horrible waste . save yourself the trouble .
 This movie was not good at all . I do n't see what was so good about it that people are giving five stars . It 's about a writer who goes to her publisher 's villa to relax and work on her next novel only to find that his sexually liberated daughter is also living there . Most of the movie is just about the writer 's life in this villa and how the daughter always comes home with a different man every night . It 's not until about 1 hour and 20 minutes into it that it gets interesting and the end makes no sense at all . There is a lot of nudity in the unrated version , but nothing that good . Do n't bother with the movie , it 's very dull and pointless .
 Ok , so I thought that I would give this a try because everyone said that it is a great movie , well , I sure didnt think so . So it took like 30 min . until the movie started to take off and actually start to seem like it could be a good movie but when it ended I was so upset that I sat through the whole thing . This movie made no sense and it ended just like that , not explaining anything . I feel as though this movie was rushed and there was really no point in making this movie at all . I am so upset about this movie and I feel stupid for watching it . All it seemed to be about was sex and a writer and that is it . Really really bad movie .
 First , the director and studio should be sued for misleading us with the `` unrated version '' label . There is absolutely no sex in this movie ; there 's a brief oral scene but it 's totally bad . And there 's very little nudity of either actress -- more of the younger one , but still not much . And hidden eroticism ? None whatsoever.This is just a terrible movie . It tries to be smart but never develops into anything . I ca n't believe I fell for the `` unrated '' claim . I feel like the victim here.Anyway , here 's the story
 This film has no major plot line or story theme except major frontal nudity and the main character -LRB- Julie -RRB- frequently having sex and loudly moaning with many different men ... boooring !! I thought it was a pornographic English movie that tries to satisfy people 's sinful fetishes . Also I was really turned off by the characters constantly smoking cigarettes throughout the film . I mean come on , this is n't the 1960 's when smoking is considered sexy !! Do n't we all know that smoking can KILL you and makes your breath stink ? Anyway do n't waste your hard earned money on this piece of garbage !
 Who 's kidding who ? All rave reviews aside , this is pretentious art-house schlock at its most pointless . Since the ending could n't have been what was actually happening , was the whole thing in the heroine 's imagination ? And if it was , who cares ? If you 're looking for a more mentally-stimulating way to kill a few hours , hop in the pool and play Marco Polo . It 'll be time better spent .
 It is not the movie that you will expect given the description .
 This is the worst movie I 've seen in a long while . The plotlines are not developed , yet the movie feels so slow . I kept watching with the hope that it would get interesting -LRB- that , and I hate not finishing a movie -RRB- but it just fell flat . I 'd say do n't bother with this movie unless you want to waste 100 minutes of your life .
 This movie is an absolute zero.Don ' t waste your time because there is no sense to be made of it.You keep wondering where it 's going , then it goes nowhere.The ending made no sense at all , it does n't matter how many times you watch it.I guess you 're suppose to draw your own conclusion.Thank god i did n't buy this piece of crap .
 Just watched this movie last night with my husband . First thing is if it was any slower are lacked real clear drama , or if the only thrilling part to this so called thriller was so weak and only 2 scenes made it even in a thriller selection . Poor Plot , Slow and boring , waste of time and money and after it was over -LRB- could not believe we even put ourselfs through the whole movie -RRB- my husband said all it would be good for was target practice until it was totally destoryed !!!! I am glad I never bought it from amazon because I would not want to tarnish my good dvd collection from this site . Literally the worst so-called thriller ever put in the catogary . I also plan to return it and almost think it is false advertising . SUCKERED !!! It was also on the sleazy side as well as a movie I wish I never wasted time on . Simply horrible . A real loser . For sure it reads much better onthe sites but skip this one and do yourself a favor and save your money !!!!! If I could I would have given o stars and remember to if you buy it be ready to wait for any action or even any good acting . Our sdvice Just skip it ! so horrible and weak plot that even I could not believe it was made . Was it actually on at any cinema ?
 Swimming Pool is a thriller about a book writer -LRB- Charlotte Rampling -RRB- who goes to her friends house for a while and is at peace when her friends daughter -LRB- Ludivine Sagnier -RRB- comes and spices things up and then you get a bushel of nudity from Sagnier which is not bad by the way and the ranting and raving of Rampling . I just wanted to reach in the screen and strangle Rampling 's chracter cuz she was a biatch . Rampling then gets interested in Sagnier and starts to write a book different from the detective novels she usually writes and the book is intitled Swimming Pool , hence the movie title of course . Then there is a murder and yada yada yada , Rampling gets naked and it was horrifying and the end twist was lame . IT came off to me as one of those dirty movies that play late at night on digital cable .
 An aging female British writer meets -- or possibly imagines -- her publisher 's sexually liberated daughter at the publisher 's country home in the South of France . Nice photography and decent acting but the first half of the movie unfolds at an agonizingly slow pace , and the ending is muddled at best . You ca n't even call it a trick ending ; it 's more of a `` what really happened ? '' ending ... and you do n't really care!Ludivine Sagnier , the young French actress who plays Julie , is quite an erotic beauty and steals the show from tight-lipped Charlotte Rampling as the older woman . In fact , IMHO she 's the only reason to watch this lethargic movie .
 I remember back in the day when the presence of Charlotte Rampling in a film promised something classy . Wow ... I have to wonder what happened to her over the years . Maybe she just needed the work.I am a sucker for anything set in the South of France so I made myself sit through this pretentious wreck of film . One reviewer used the term `` Eurotrash '' and I have to agree . Again , I guess I 'm showing my age , but I recall when a film out of France was a treasure . There are still some good ones appearing but this is so bad that I can imagine Francois Truffaut and Louis Malle screaming from their graves.The plot starts predictably . The archetype sexually repressed Englishperson , in this case a woman , goes to a Mediteranean county to get liberated . Here poor sweet Charlotte , who was once so sulty and charming is now a frump who dresses all in tones of beige . Maybe she had her `` colors '' done and was told she was an `` Autumn . '' She seizes on the opportunity to spend some time at the home of her publisher , a dastardly charming fellow whom she has the secret hots for . She makes him promise to visit her there , but the cad does n't quite show up . He does , however , allow his out-of-wedlock young French daughter to show up . This interferes with Ms. Prissy Englishwoman 's plans but at the same time ... as we all know ... this is what she Really Wants . The daughter who is quite voluptous and who spends most of her time topless , introduces Miss Prissy to the wonderful ways of the flesh . Gone are the Pepsi and yogurt -LRB- argh -RRB- meals taken in front of the telly , now she 's drinking the daughter 's wine -LRB- and refilling the bottle with water -RRB- -LRB- more argh -RRB- and soon she 's gobbling down brie and then smoking a joint and dancing up a storm with the local young waiter she 's been making eyes at for a while . Later she even gets to show her private parts , too , to the aged gardener . -LRB- more argh ... -RRB- Those are the good parts . The really yukky parts are too gross to mention . So I 'll just say , `` If you value good cinema , stay away from this pretentious disgusting mess .
 Using a gimmick usually found in books by new authors or ones who have run out of solutions , this movie ultimately disappoints . The acting and plot hold you , until it shortchanges you .
 I usually pride myself on being able to understand and appreciate movies with dark , complex or subtle themes . True , the acting is good in Swimming Pool , but I failed to enjoy this DVD at any other level . Note
 This is not so much a review , as a plea for an explanation . I 'm not at all averse to a film that requires multiple viewings to be fully understood or appreciated . Take for example Christopher Nolan 's `` Memento '' or Alejandra Amenebar 's `` Abre Los Ojos '' ; both fantastic films that get better each time you see them . But it 's nice to have SOME understanding of what you 've just seen on the first viewing . Even after a 2nd try , and noticing the attention to reflections in glass , mirrors and pool water , I was still left with a jumble of perplexing possibilities , none of them satisfying.Sara , a British novelist , retreats to the unoccupied summer home of her publisher , John , to rejuvenate her imagination in solitude . Shortly thereafter , a young vixen claiming to be John 's daughter , Julie , arrives to stay awhile as well . Julie is an unwelcomed intrusion and the two do n't get along , even though Sara seems fascinated with watching the beautiful and sexually liberated girl.The story starts out slow and deliberate , which is not a criticism . But the pace never picks up ; I never got the feeling that anything bad OR good was about to happen . When the murder does occur , it seems silly and unmotivated . When Sara asks Julie why she did it , Julie replies , `` I dunno ... for your book . '' This makes no sense regardless of whether Julie is real or imagined ; John 's daughter or not.I get that some of what takes place is in Sara 's imagination , but that does n't help much . After reading reviews calling this film `` thrilling '' and promising that in the end , the mysteries would be `` fully and tantalizingly revealed '' , I must disagree . If you feel that you understand what the director was trying to say , wo n't you please write a review explaining it ? Just start it with a Spoiler Alert , but by all means share your insights with us dimwits who were dumbfounded as the end credits rolled . After seeing this and `` Hiroshima Mon Amour '' , I 'm about to give up on the French .
 Great acting , gorgeous scenery , anything with Charles Dance is a guarenteed winner . I had to replay the last half twice because I just could n't follow the plot . Maybe it 's just me . Yes , the film makes you think ... alot ! , mostly out of frustration , especially if you do n't understand what in the heck is going on . Finally I went online to see other reviews so I would be able to understand the story line and the ending . There was a time when I would claim to be able to see the emperor 's new clothes , but I 've given that up . As a consequence , I have to say , `` I just do n't get it '' . Interesting film , though with a wonderful soundtrack and beautiful scenery .
 Based on the many , many great reviews that `` Swimming Pool '' has been getting worldwide , I was perhaps expecting too much from this film . Maybe I was expecting something on the scale of `` Sex and Lucia '' , or `` Talk to Her '' , but I did not get it . What I did get , however , was an intelligent film about two women , seemingly worlds apart , coming together when the situation called for it the most.This movie is about an English writer who goes to France for a while , so she can escape the noise of the city and relax to work on her next book . She is the writer of crime fiction , which becomes important later on in the film . At the house , she is surprised and interrupted by the arrival of Julie , the daughter of the publisher who lent her the house . The two characters clash , as Sarah is the conservative Englishwoman , very reserved , and Julie is the relaxed , sexually liberated French girl . Cliches aside , these characters mesh well together , and the performances are strong from both women.I suppose `` Swimming Pool '' could be considered a psychological thriller , although I found that there were not too many thrills to be had . This film is definitely character driven , and to this end it is quite successful , but I 'm not sure it would warrant such rave reviews . Perhaps in time I will gain more respect for this movie , with a different perspective , but after first watching it , I feel dissapointed by what I saw . By no means is this a bad film , but maybe my hopes were simply too high .
 I heard this was a great erotic thriller . Maybe my expectations were too high . I found it rather dull and disappointing . I found nothing really suspenseful about the film at all . I never once thought either woman was in any danger from anyone or for what they did . The dialog and acting were good , I liked both leads , but nothing really captured me as being interesting or scary , or even that mysterious . I was disappointed at the end because I expected more . It never came . There is a load of nudity in this and some fairly bordering on hard-core sex scenes . That kept it a little more interesting . It was ok to watch once , but not something I 'd watch again . I was more interested in how nice that house in France looked and how it would be nice to live there .
 Dumb , just dumb . I had high hopes for this film . When the wife fell asleep for the second time I should have quit . Did n't really think this film had anything to offer in ways of originality . It was slow movie with no high points other than the ending .
 An intelligent female friend and I were mystified and aggravated by this film . What was actualy going on after all ? I like self-interpreation movies as much as the next smart viewer but I think the raves this movie received were based more on the raw sexuality of the young female French star .
 The movie is boring and complicated . And if you expect very sexual and erotic scene , it disappointing you . I think it is not thriller but drama . I hope that it help selecting the DVD .
 Okay ... yes , the movie is puzzling and maybe if you sit and think about it long enough , the gears will mesh and things might make sense ... but so what ? who cares ? The movie took forever to get started , and you can tell the director took himself way too seriously ... I love French films , in fact one of my favorites is With a Friend Like Harry -- but Swimming Pool has virtually no dramatic tension , with too many scenes that just take too long to make the point . . as for the great puzzle , go watch Fear X with John Turturro -- easily the best `` not sure what happened but it was great '' films ...
 I bought this movie because all the reviews indidcated it was a suspense/thriller with a twist . It has a twist all right . Throughout the movie you see these two women interacting , often in ways that make you wonder about their motives . What happened in their past to make them this way ? Why are they responding to each other the way they do ? Where will this take them and what will be the outcome ? All the makings of a great suspense movie . Except none of the questions are every answered . I feel like I read the Lady and the Tiger except at the end I chose the door and it said `` write your own ending . '' Very unsatisfying . I gave it a 2 only because it did keep you engaged until the ending .
 A British mystery writer is scribbling her latest pot-boiler while sharing a house in France with a blonde vixen . They get up to mischief , sex , and murder . But is it real?This movie is not as bad as watching grass grow , but only because of the blonde vixen .
 I know . This is a clever film . And one is supposed to like that . But seriously ... It 's not enough to offer a clever twist , when the story does n't really make sense to begin with . No it 's not that something is missing and it gets explained . It 's more like trying to cook a raw fish by pouring suger on it . Interesting idea , but it still is not eatable.A middle aged authoress goes to live in her publisher 's house in France in order to write her new book . She needs some peace and quiet , since she is rather tensed and uninspired . When the publisher 's daughter turns up in the house , the tensed but now inspired authress turns out to be quite asocial and unfriendly . Maybe that 's interesting too . The main character is not very likable . Unusual move.From here on , not much happens . Well , one big thing happens , but writing about that would be giving away the plot.Lots of uncalled for nudity . Of course , that 's belongs to a good thriller . Sex and murder are neighbours . When someone is naked you know that death is around the corner . ... even if nothing happens.If you want to see a film about a female detective writer who is under too much pressure and might be about to lose it , maybe this is for you . If you want a good thriller , there are lots of other options .
 My wife and I both watch with anticipation for somthing , anything , even a hint of excitement and when there seems to be a slight glint , it was proven to be quickly snubbed out . Some will say `` I did n't get the movie '' , I would say `` we got the movie '' . French 's obsession with eroticism and youth definately showed up here and nothing else . Soft porn drama would be a better description of this movie .
 OK , I have seen it all in movies and am not bothered easily by sex or violence , but I thought that this movie was overall a tasteless film which thought itself to be too clever desguised as an art-house flick.Charlotte Rampling however , was fantastic . Ludivine Sagnier was very good also , but I found it hard to enjoy her performance when she was making me down-right uncomfortable -LRB- which was perhaps , the goal of her character -RRB- . Rampling plays a writer who has a severe case of writers block . She is sent to her boss 's French home for some relaxation and inspiration for her next novel . All is well until her boss 's wild child Julie -LRB- Sagnier -RRB- comes to the house . A dissapointing mystery then takes place.I loved the film up until Julie showed up . The problem with this movie is that the entire time it sets up this mood of doom and apprehension . The trouble is by the time you figure out what is going on , you are just dissapointed instead of disturbed or scared . Heck , this movie did n't even make me leave the theater thinking ... it just made me wish I had gone to see `` Seabiscut '' a second time.Rated R for Strong Sexuality , violence and language , some drug use thrown in ... a bit of everythingKids should not see this movie as you have most likely guessed
 This is a wet T-Shirt film , ie the only reason to see it is the female nudity . The plot is ridiculess , even laughable . Photography and editing is home movie quality . The female lead seems talented , and lovely . A rewrite into a story of a teen with a father complex would be workable.Note
 The box fools you into thinking that there is a lot of erotica going on . You better like European type films or you wo n't get it with an American mindset . The writer and the young girl in the film create tension but nothing happens . Nothing happens in the whole film that surprises you . Dont be a Swimming Fool .
 The movie spends 95 % of its running time very effectively building mood and mystery . Everyone is terrific in it . The pace is slow and comfortable , like a good `` artsy '' movie should be . The sexuality is quite frank and erotic . That 's all good . When events turn violent , we 're ready for a powderkeg of some sort to go off.Then , the movie lets us in on its big secret !! What a rip off !!! Let it be know here and now , that I am a person who avidly enjoys `` artsy '' films or little `` independent '' movies . You can look at my past reviews to see the things I 've commented favorably on ... ALL THE REAL GIRLS , DIRTY PRETTY THINGS , SECRETARY , etc. etc. etc.If you though the `` surprise ending '' in SIGNS was a let down ... it ai n't nothin ' compared to this . My jaw dropped , literally , at the sheer stupidity of the ending . It was `` Bobby Ewing in the shower '' with a gloss of artistry and sex . The only reason the movie gets two stars is because the two lead performances are SO adroit and open . Certainly the stars are n't shy about their nudity . And it 's a beautifully filmed movie ... but that does n't excuse its creators from giving us SOME sort of payoff . -LRB- Sorry there is n't a plot summary ... others have already done it well , and I mostly wanted to vent anyway ! -RRB-
 If this were an American or British film made by an American or British director it would have been panned . Instead it is getting kudos ? If I were French I would be insulted . The bar is apparently much lower for the many French directors . Much better stuff has come from there . The Red , White and Blue trilogy were great ! It 's the same feeling I had after watching Brotherhood of the Wolf . Although BOTW was not bad , it was not worth all of the praise heaped upon it . Swimming Pool was terrible ! Sure there were a few well composed shots , but the movie itself was boring and pointless and at times very pretentious . Unless you are the type who goes for `` snob appeal '' stay away from this movie .
 Another example of a European `` Art '' film that shows a half way decent looking teen age girl in the buff and her sex life . With some older woman exploring her `` repressed issues '' thrown in for good measure . I was not impressed by this film except for the photography of the beautiful French Country side .
 Let 's face it , the real reason a movie like this has become as popular in the US as it has is because of nudity and sex . This movie has lots of it and not much else . The plot is thin , weak , and unoriginal , -LRB- ... -RRB- .
 This is not soft-core porn . If you are looking for that DO NOT but this movie . The chick is hot but there is only 1 sex scene and it sucks .
 For all their posturing , liberals are often sexually crippled , unphysical , unhealthy intellectual type slobs who simply hate to call things by their right names . In a typically unsanguine way they kind-of sort-of wan na see a porno and take a liberalized date to see it in the hopes of getting sort-of lucky afterwards . But to actually just get a porno and watch it ... no . That is too lowbrow precisely because it is too obviously interesting . What liberal intellectual types must do is go to the local art house theater whenever something vaguely foreign is playing . They 'll cue up with some other professorial types for any movie that seems to have come out of any country but the USA and seems to feature some nymphette getting up to some naughtiness ... but not too much naughtiness , mind you . Just a little T and A and this spaced out by plenty of stuff that is good and boring , just so you know you 're watching Art . This is the basis of interest in any foreign film . Look at the marketing of ANY foreign film . Either it is billed as a comedy - even if its not - or its billed as a stag reel - even if its not . Take any foreign film , the boys in the front office know that nobody is gon na see it if there is n't some kind of sex angle , or failing that a humorous-type routine . You know , for people who still have n't stopped horse-laughing about Jaques Tati . You get what I 'm saying ? `` Hey , Joe , here 's a new one outta the Ukraine about famine and freezing to death post communism . Should we pass ? '' `` Are you kidding , Fred ? Just put some bim on the poster with a good set of jugs and bill it as a magical blend of sex and comedy . You know , a real sexy sex laugh . '' `` But Joe , there are n't any nubiles in the flick . '' `` Like that matters . How long you been innis business ? ''
 Try to imagine `` Throw Mama From the Train '' -LRB- minus the scenes of the old hag - the only things that made that movie watchable -RRB- mixed with very unappealing sex scenes featuring an abominable , stupid French -LSB- woman of the street -RSB- who gives her crab-infested favors to every old pervert she can . You 'll pretty much have this awful , awful movie . Degrading and depressing as ever.If you feel like being entertained , skip it.If you feel like sucking on the receiving end of a rifle , tune in .
 this movie is incredibly disturbing , and i should know because i am the teacher of art and acting education at a very famous college . look all i am saying is that i do n't know who in their right mind would want to even think about watching this stupid movie , like they would have to be like foxy or something !!!
 Slow moving fantasy set in French countryside house begins and ends in London , where most of the real action seems to be.Get the un-rated version for the sex scenes . Look at the cuts for hints into the true story.If this is one of the best 50 French films , I will stick to Hollywood . For European thrillers grab PBS versions from UK TV !
 J'adore le cinema francais , but this was almost a parody of bizarre , artsy French films , with the added twist of a British mystery writer , an over-prissy `` Miss Marple '' -LRB- as Julie , the brazen , slutty , nudistic , nymphomaniacal `` daughter '' of Miss Morton 's British publisher , the flippant , heartless charmer played by the aristocratic Charles Dance , calls her roommate in one cynical scene -RRB- . Not since Burt Lancaster 's `` The Swimmer '' has the swimming pool been so featured on the screen . Here , it is an allegory of sexual freedom
 Swimming pool is a much hyped film that is reputed to be both original and enigmatic . The truth is , the film is neither original nor enigmatic , instead it is passable and definitely not captivating . Despite starting promisingly with an assured performance by Charlotte Rampling and an indeed atmospheric mood , the film goes down hill after twenty minutes or so as director Francois Ozone indulges in long takes and lethargic pacing while keeping the non-existent mystery at bay . So fans of Rampling , indeed give it a watch , her performance is commendable , but that is the only thing that is commendable about this pretentious and meandering thriller .
 Everyone 's got there own little theories on this movie as you 'll see . I believe mine is correct . First off you 'll note the main colors in the movie were red and blue . Couple that with all the white women and guess what you have ? You guessed it
 The only thing I can think of that would be a larger waste of time than watching this stunningly boring , simply pedestrian piece of haughty , psuedo-intellectual Eurotrash would be settling down in front of the tube for seventy three minutes of static . There were far too few sexual encounters to balance the mind numbing `` follow Sarah down the hall , follow Sarah into the kitchen , follow Sarah into the bedroom '' camera work and during the steamiest of them , the only emotion I could muster was an overwhelming desire to get up and make myself a ham sandwich.This film would be a lot more interesting if it were cut down to several still photographs of the young French beauty , Ludivine Sagnier , sunbathing in the nude and would have saved the film 's financial backers the entire cost of production .
 I found the movie to be painfully slow and boring , I actually fell asleep . Ludivine Sagnier is a beautiful young woman , but that is n't enough to carry this one . The two primary characters are so extreme and unbelievable , it really is awful .
 My initial review of this film was scathing to say the least . I still do n't like it and my feelings can be pretty much summed up above in my review title . I found out from another Amazon reader that the writer-director Francis Ozon is actually an out-of-the-closet gay male . I was surprised because I felt his film screamed `` heterosexual male wet dream '' . I honestly did n't find much in this film that was homo-erotic . Did I miss something ? I suppose there may have been some sexual tension between Rampling & the actress who played the daughter . And of course the filmmakers even go so far as to equate themselves with `` straight porn '' by making the male at the center of the film an unattractive mess . I may have to give this film another chance but it wo n't be any time soon . And I frankly do n't know why Ms. Rampling receives so much critical acclaim . I 've always found her acting wanting . But that 's just my opinion .
 Wow !! So we have a writer who literally involves herself in her fiction . And then we have a guy who concocts a movie of it all and forgets that being boring can get in the way of any story . Momento-like ? Not even close . Its obvious that for somebody the lightbulb went on after watching a double feature of The Usual Suspects and Mulholland Drive . But that 's OK . Nothing wrong with borrowing a premise , reworking it , and throwing in some nice breasts . Just remember to hire actors who are capable of depth and dimension . And , this is important , avoid wasteing the viewers time with vacuous gestures . How many times do I need to see her put the liquor back in the cabinet . Ohhh , she 's obsessed with order . Pleeease . The easily impressed will be impressed .
 I was really excited to see this DVD after reading all the praise it got . I found the actors interesting , but the film had no plot - none whatsoever . I thought that there could have been much more done with the actors and gorgeous setting the director/writer had to work with . Oh well .
 There is nothing thrilling or suspenseful about Swimming Pool . I kept waiting for something to happen and when it did , it was n't at all interesting . Granted , the nudity and sex help fill space , but even that ca n't save this movie from being boring . And I like twist or surprise endings as much as anyone but at least make them good . I waited and watched a hell of a long time for nothing to happen . For a truly suspenseful , thought-provoking and erotic thriller - buy Mulholland Drive .
 I 'm a bit surprised this is receiving so much praise . Its very well made - and the production values are high - and the interaction of Charlotte Rampling and Ludivine Sagnier creates moments of tention and interest ... But the script was poorly written.Charlotte Rampling is an author of detective fiction novels who decides to spend some time alone at her publisher 's house in France - only to have the daughter show up -LRB- Julie , played by Ludivine Sagnier -RRB- and create havoc by bringing home older men to have sex with , and go skinny dipping in the pool , which overlooks Charlotte Rampling 's room.The pair are not very fond of one another - and it does n't help that both of them have a nasty attitude at the beginning ... So whom do we side with ??? Since it is rightfully the daughters living quarters , does the author have the clout to boss her around ?? Is it right for the daughter to be sleezy around a guest ?? We see both points to each character - so we ca n't side with either of them . Its like waiting around for a cat fight to happen.Without giving away any more plot - the 2 decide to try and get along - but we are led to believe the author is only doing this to get idea 's from the daughters wild and troubled life for her next novel . This follows a most ridiculous last half of the film , and common sense is thrown out the window.Movies do n't anger me much - but this one did . The first half is so believable and intense , but then just gets ridiculous and confusing . `` Confusing '' is the key word here ... By the end of the film , we are supposed to make up our own minds about what had just happened , which I really enjoy doing in a film - but the script does n't give us enough information to figure it out . Any 1 of 4 points could have happened - and trying to limit them down to 1 is just not feasable . This is a true sign of a poorly written script ... and if more information WAS in there - its a case of poor editing.Great looking film - with an excellent cast - and superb direction - but a below average script really leaves the viewer all wet in the end .
 We watched the trailer after the movie , and were just stunned at how grossly misrepresented this movie was . No wonder so many people hate it . It was sold as some kind of thriller , which it is n't . I found its `` secrets '' fairly obvious , but that is n't my real complaint.Here is my problem -LRB- spoiler ahead -RRB- : So the whole thing is basically just the story the author was writing , and it is in some way a sort of warped revenge against the inattentive publisher she has a crush on -LRB- vaguely a take on James ' `` Turn of the Screw '' , but surely I 'm giving it more credit than it deserves -RRB- . OK , Here is my question
 Do n't get me wrong , this is a great movie . But by all means , borrow it , rent it , just PLEASE do n't buy it!Why am I advocating such a boycott ? Upon inserting the disc into your DVD player , you will be unfortunately assaulted by a nasty hybrid of the lastest marketing scam and technology ; THE UNINTERRUPTIBLE MOVIE PREVIEW.That 's right
 When the movie ended with the much anticipated `` twist '' - you 're left so confused you have to read reviews like this to make heads or tails of the whole thing . Friends that saw the movie all have a different interpetation of what happened but the only true explaination I found -LRB- and found it more confusing that I imagined -RRB- is from the directors website . Check it out if you want to be totally confused.Overall , not worth watching .
 This is a 3 - or 4-star movie that is adequately reviewed elsewhere . But if you are considering buying this dvd , you need to know this
 And then suddenly I woke up!Remember that whole season of Dallas where Bobby Ewing died , and how they eventually brought him back ? This film is n't exactly as annoying as that but it is n't much better either . You 'll wonder why you bothered for the last hour.Very forgettable
 In spite of the fact that hot , young French nymph Ludivine Sagnier spends half the film topless and the other half in a soaking wet bikini this is one uninspired piece of filmmaking . Charlotte Rampling is perfectly serviceable as the dried prune of a mystery writer on sabbatical in her publishers French villa . While struggling with a new novel her life becomes as contrived as a bad PBS mystery . The so-called twist ending proves only one thing - this is one Swimming Pool without a deep end .
 I 'm not sure if this the work of a David Lynch wannabe or what have you . As usual the French are light years behind the good old U.S. of A. when it comes to making a comprehendible movie . This movie made little if any sense , was not thrilling nor erotic and I 'd like the last two hours of my life back . The only good news is that it will not sit in my collection of fine dvds . I just wish there was a way to warn more people .
 This movie was more boring than In the Bedroom . Do n't rent it . Do n't buy it .
 Granted , I watched the movie while doing other things around the house , I 'm relatively intelligent , but I could not find the rational behind this movie . Quite frankly , it sucked . If it was n't for the analysis posted , I would have never understood this movie .
 In general , I found this movie plotLESS , pointLESS , and LESS than worthhwhile . This movie was the ONLY movie throughout my entire life that I found to be such a complete waste of time . In general , if a movie exists , I like it . I even came dangerously close to liking the movie , `` Glitter '' . But this movie was BY FAR the worst I have ever seen . The way I see it , if it takes you hours to come up with a reasonable explanation of a movie , it is n't very good . This movie was far to unclear to be understood and used nudity in a totally useless way . The entire movie , was in fact , more boring than the monotony of day to day life that it would , indeed , be more entertaining to watch your grass grow . A movie of this nature take as much energy to understand as it does to lift a car . A total waste of time !
 Pathetic , poor story , acting and anything else . Do youself a favour and watch some paint try instead . This refers to the unrated verion .
 THIS MOVIE HAD ALMOST NO PLOT , AND IT DID N'T MAKE SENSE . . IF YOUR LOOKING JUST TO WASTE SOME TIME BECAUSE YOUR BOARD , YOU MIGHT TAKE A LOOK . . BUT IF YOUR WANTING TO SEE A GOOD MOVIE DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME ON THIS . . VERY UNEVENTFUL , AND IT DRAGS ON .
 By the time the movie started I was already in a bad mood . Focus Films makes you sit through nearly seven minutes of trailers for their upcoming titles and they wo n't let you skip ahead or go to the menu . Thanks a lot .
 This movie starts out with a British murder mystery writer suffering from writers block . Her editor lets her use his vacation home in France to rest up and perhaps be inspired.She makes the trip , gets some inspiration along the way , and is able to start writing . Things are going well until the editor 's daughter Julie , -LRB- late teens , early 20 's ? -RRB- shows up unannounced . The young lady seems to be a spoiled brat , does n't pick up after herself , usually very noisy and brings a different man home for sex seemingly every night.As time goes on the author eventually begins to be inspired by the brat 's actions , even stealing her diary for material , and possibly even starts to like her a little . Murder enters into the story when Julie kills one of her men out by the swimming pool -LRB- was she goaded into it ? -RRB- , the author helps her hide the body.In gratitude the Julie gives the author a copy of an unpublished manuscript written by her late mother , -LRB- the editor had burned what he thought was the only copy -RRB- , with instructions to use it as she wishes.The movie pretty much concludes with our author submitting the resulting manuscript and getting a rejection . She then produces a copy of the thing , already published , telling him she knew he 'd reject it and took it some where else . She tells him I signed it for your daughter , give it to her , and leaves . On the way out the author meets the daughter going in . Here is where you learn that most of the movie was something like a dream sequence because Julie is Julia , not French and does n't look at all like the French girl did.I really liked the house where most of the movie was filmed , and even the nudity , most of it Julie , was well handled . Strip away those two components and this movie really did n't have much going for it . I saw Swimming Pool on pay per view , listed as unrated , if the nudity was removed this thing would put you to sleep it 's so dull .
 Absolutely vapid , pretentious nonsense that moves about as fast as an arthritic turtle . No tension , no suspense , unengaging , obnoxious characters and an interminable pacing , and those are the high points . Watching grass grow offers many more thrills than this flotsam , and is certainly less painful too .
 Swimming Pool is bloated self righteous tale of two underdeveloped characters poorly interacting with no story and some sex and murder thrown in to make men watch it . Incidentally , this movie bored me to tears . Wake me when it 's over .
 Big letdown . Slow as molasses . Uptight , unattractive , middle-aged British woman goes to the French countryside to write her next novel . Sneers at her housemate -LRB- her publisher 's teenage daughter -RRB- , who 's a bit rebellious and sleeps with some of the ugliest men I 've ever seen . Spends a lot of time looking out the window at the swimming pool and wandering around in an drab granny nightgown and brown slippers . The daughter was n't even pretty . Beautiful scenery , but story was quite uncompelling . Yawn .
 Murder , nudity , sex , France
 The editorial review states that `` In terms of alluring female nudity , Swimming Pool shows a lot '' , but it 's not worth buying for that reason , unless you 're interested in `` adult '' nudity . This movie contains adult nudity , sexual situations and adult language . I do n't know why it is recommended along with movies such as Beay Pere and others , which feature young teen and preteen nudity . The editorial review also states `` These two women , generations apart , share in Ozon 's delicate dance of trust , curiosity , and gradual understanding , until a twist ending that forces you to reevaluate everything you 've seen '' . This leads you to believe that there may be a lesbian twist . This can not be further from the truth . There is no lesbian `` action '' in this movie . There is just a lot of adult nudity . Gatekeeper reviews are concerned only with adult themes , sex , nudity and violence . Buy this move if you'e interested in adult female nudity . If you 're interested in other types of nudity then look elsewhere .
 Surprise ! They make stupid movies in French , too . This one was so bad I could n't stand to finish it . It does n't even have enough entertainment value to get you past its stupidity . AVOID !
 I 'm admittedly on a French cinema kick at the moment , and having hit pay dirt with my last two viewings -LRB- The Closet , A Very Long Engagement -RRB- I had high expectations forI Dobased on the 4 - and 5-star reviews here on Amazon . Unfortunately , I 've either set the bar too high , or I 'm unfairly comparing it to the aforementioned French gems . Either way , I 'm disappointed.Prte-moi ta main -LRB- the original French title -RRB- centers around Luis Costa -LRB- Alain Chabat -RRB- , the lone XY chromosome in a sea of female siblings . Luis is a nose , creating scents for a major cosmetics company run by a melodramatic CEO . His best friend is a skinflint co-worker who would rather starve than pay for coffee . Luis is pleased with his life , as-is , until an evening meal with his mother and sisters . The movie jumps the shark in the first 15-minutes when - without any real build up - his sisters turn on him all at once -LRB- they are tired of handling chores that would be expected of a wife , such as laundry -RRB- and inform him he will be married.Even if I believed they could dictate to a 40-something year old man that he was going to marry - and honestly , I do n't buy that part one bit - things take a turn for the bizarre when Luis decides he 's going to fake a marriage to get them all off his back . Enter the miser 's sister Emma -LRB- Charlotte Gainsbourg -RRB- who is currently single and jobless , but wants to adopt a child . It 's hardly unexpected that they do n't hit it off - otherwise the movie would be over in 30 minutes - and of course a series of comic high jinks and misunderstandings follow.There are a number of very funny moments , and to their credit the actors commit themselves to the roles . The problem is , even after 80 minutes there really does n't seem to be any reason for the two of them to get together . Friends ? Maybe . Love and romance ? Quoi !? Luis has consistently been a heel , and Emma 's expressed little interest beyond her possible adoption . Formula demands that the two get together , but much the way the movie started off with an unbelievable familial demand , it ends with a poorly engineered pairing . Discovering the other person is not a complete jerk transforms mercenary tendencies to true-love in seconds . It 's as implausible as ... having your sisters dictate to you when you 're going to marry.For me , compared to the wonderful fare offered by other French directors such as Jean-Pierre Jeunet and Francis Veber , this falls short . I wo n't say I regret seeing it , however I am thankful it was a library loaner .
 After reading many positive reviews on this one I took the plunge and bought it , that was not a good idea . What did I expect ? I really did n't expect much really , knowing the type of movie it was I just wanted it to be entertaining . I knew there would be tons of CGI and it would probably be pretty bad as well but I was ready to watch it anyway.The biggest challenge I had with this one is that it is more Sci-Fi than it is horror . The cover is definitely misleading as it looks like it might be a fun gorefest , but I did n't pay attention to the box and notice that it was a SyFy production , my goof . I would have avoided it altogether if I had known.The film is not horrible but it really does n't deliver the goods , sure there is a lot of CGI , but that 's to be expected in any of the Man Hunter series . Here are the pros and cons as I see them : Pro 's : Good PhotographyAn interesting story -LRB- it 's a little bizarre but fun -RRB- Great AudioPoor CGI -LRB- told you I do n't hate it -RRB- Con 's : No Blood!Slow PacingThe con 's really outweigh the rest of it . It starts off in the first 20 minutes moving really fast and then all of a sudden it completely stops all the action for 45 minutes of dialogue and science . I guess this part was for the Sci-Fi fans which I 'm generally not a part of and it completely destroyed the momentum the movie was building . The film also had no gore while the box art made it look like this movie was going to be somewhat explicit.It 's not terrible but I 'd rather spend another 90 minutes with `` Infestation '' which is a similar movie but really delivers the goods and is a fun ride as well.This could have been better with more action in the middle building to a great climax .
 The Hive -LRB- Peter Manus , 2007 -RRB- Five minutes into The Hive , I knew it was going to be awful . I propose a new unwritten rule of film reviewing
 Everybody gave a long description about the movie already I wo n't tell you not to watch it but for me PERSONALLY it pained my eye to watch it it was a D list movie at it 's finest . But omg I could n't I was watching it to kill time
 And that 's good news , of course , if you like video games.But if you want a movie -- even an action/adventure movie -- this one is n't worth watching even once.Between all the relentless barages of one-second meaningless images , however , they do manage to sandwich in some of the ethical issues concerning cloning , and surprisingly they present some of the pros and well as some of the cons . For this , I give the movie two stars .
 Sitting through this movie I felt like I was watching another Total Recall . I also felt like something major was going to happen and it never did . The action is pretty good , but the story is O.K. . If you like Schwarzenegger you will probably like this movie . If you do n't like Schwarzenegger , then you probably hate this movie . I recommend watching Total Recall again , unless there is nothing else to rent .
 I hate to be the person in a line of good reviews that has to drag everything down . But this time , it has to be me . Although , this is just my opinion . I 'm sure many of you might have enjoyed The 6th Day , but to me , it was a bit of a letdown . To begin , this is nothing more than an action movie . If you see this expecting that , you 'll enjoy it . But if you expect an intelligent movie , you 'll wind up like me . The plot was EXTREMELY obvious . Maybe I 've just seen to many movies like this , I just do n't know . I wo n't give anything away , but when the big `` twist '' occurs near the end , tell me you did n't know 30 minutes into the film ! As well , the script is typical hollywood action fare . I considered much of the futuristic setting to be a bit rediculous , comparable to seeing 2001
 ... to do this kind of stuff anymore . The story was intriguing , but no amount of panstick could hide the fact that the steroids had finally run out.It has to be said , however , that no matter how miscast Arnold was in this movie , he did a better job than his lousy efforts to be a Governor ...
 The 6th Day tries to clone the style of several Arnold Schwarzenegger movies . The film copies some setting elements of the contemporary Jingle All the Way and True Lies and replicates Total Recall 's near futuristic storyline . Unfortunately , like a real clone , this film looks the same on the outside but lacks the personality . warmth , and depth of any of the original films.The plot about a man being illegally cloned to cover up the death of an executive just does n't work . Ironically the 6th Day comes off like a PC clone of Paul Verhoven 's ultra violent superior 1990 film Total Recall . That film 's plot centers on the mystery of whether or not Schwarzenegger character 's memories are real or not . The 6th Day Poses a similar question asking the audience to question is Schwarzenegger a clone or not . Unfortunately , We get cheated out of what could have been an interesting mystery because this film answers that question by the half-hour mark . With the main question of the mystery answered , the whole film falls flat and turns into a Scene for scene cleaned up PC version of Total Recall set in the bland , boring suburb where Jingle All the Way happened . Watching the 6th Day I found myself missing Total Recall ; that film 's violence had a purpose in the plot and gave the film a dark , gritty feel of life in the big city in the near future . Best of all , the violence forced the futuristic details to blend into the backgrounds . In this violence-free film the futuristic details stick out like a bunch of pink flamingoes . The details such as Arnold 's jetcopter , RePets to a simdoll and a reference to the defunct XFL , and quarterbacks earning $ 300 million , do n't blend in the background to give us a picture of life in the era ; they come to the forefront and get in the way of the story and characters . The characters themselves come off too bland and boring , to stand out because they do n't have a personalities of their own like Total Recall 's gritty and sleazy characters . I barely learned anything about Arnold Schwarzenegger character outside of him being a pilot and a loving family man.Speaking of characters , this film `` clones '' Total Recall 's villains too . Unfortunately , the actors do n't give great performances like Michael Ironside , Sharon Stone , and Ronny Cox did . That 's because this film forgets to `` clone '' Total Recall 's villains story , personality or depth . I could n't hate them or care about them because I never got to know them . They had no personality or story to follow The only purpose of the villains in this film is to chase after Schwarzenegger in the PC , bloodless , watered down action sequences and shoot at him because the big boss told them to . And the big boss comes off like a used car salesman instead of an evil exec . I do n't feel any sense of menace or danger from any of the villains ; that made a lot of the action scenes in the final act come off as tedious.After watching this bland film I quickly forgot about it ten minutes after watching it . I guess that 's why it was the box office bomb that started Arnold Schwarzenegger slow road downhill . There was nothing memorable about the 6th Day for people to recommend it to friends . It just came off like a generic action movie . For an unforgettable real near future experience full of action and adventure , buy Paul Verhoven 's Total Recall or Robocop . Those movies are well worth the price of purchase .
 If this is entertainment then why did n't The Last Action Hero get an Oscar ? It had a lot more going for it then this tub of borrowed ideas . Cloning is without a doubt fertile territory for good melodrama or satire as evidenced by Fay Weldon 's Cloning Of Joanna May . I realize 6th Day is not meant to be taken as serious fare but even as an action/adventure flick it 's full of big black holes . To start with , what 's the point of killing & re-cloning the same people repeatedly?In this film the clones carry their individual consciousnesses from one clone incarnation to the next . -LRB- Except for Arnold , of course , who as the star gets to be his own concurrent clone . -RRB- Sounds more like the old vampire gimmick to me . In addition , these clones are digitally programmed `` blanks '' . What ? I thought those were called Androids & clones were DNA re-gens . All right , enough with the logic quibbles . Arnold , although looking somewhat uncomfortable as the family man , still manages to be a fair clone of Clint Eastwood , throwing out some fair simulated squints , scowls & glares.Boy , this flick sure made me miss Roy Batty .
 What I thought was going to be an intelligent Arnold film turned out to be too long and dull . The story did n't develop until it was too late . Thank God Predator and Commando are on DVD
 Well , all you reviewers sold me on this Arnold flick . Better than Total Recall ? I do n't think so . Maybe I was n't in the mood , but this movie struck me as old hat . The helicopters and some of the other hardware was neat , but the `` plot '' was tired.Arnold is yet another average schmoe , working at an average job -LRB- OK , he 's a chopper charter pilot -RRB- ... . Enter the bad guys , Arnold 's family is threatened , and the schmoe is transformed into a super-hero . We 've all seen it so many times , it 's hard to buy anymore.The only wrinkle is the cloning , so we get TWO aging super heroes instead of just one . I was literally nodding off on the couch during the finale . Unless you are a hard core Arnold junkie , I 'd recommend you pass on this one .
 Cloning is not a particularly new theme for science-fiction , but it is a theme that has n't been explored very fully . Most science-fiction uses it as a weak plot device -LRB- Alien
 ... this movie starts with biblical scripture and blends it with a current event or issue . In this movie , creation is blended with the issues of cloning . This movie gets us to ask ourselves the question of whether it is right or wrong and what other questions must be answered ... Unfortunately , this movie seems to be borrowing the basic layout of the previous films and adapting it to the new story-line . As a result , this movie gives you a feeling of deja vu . ...
 While this film attempts to be thought provoking and surprising , it is really just stupid and predictable . Throughout the whole movie , you can already imagine what is gon na happen in the next 5 minutes , it 's that kind of movie . Definetly Arnold 's worst , and speaking of Arnold movies , anyone seen Total Recall lately ? Recall Corporations ? Re-Pet Corporations ? Noticing a similarity ? There 's even more of them , from the opening bedroom scene to the big chase scenes , this is simply a rehash of a much finer work . Instead of informing the viewer about both sides of the cloning debate , this movie takes on the opinion that anyone who wants to clone is an evil megalomaniac out to destroy human kind . I myself am strongly anti-cloning , but since when did other people 's opinions become invalid ? Think about that when you are hitting the non-helpful button . Try Total Recall instead , or the almighty Terminator , some movies where Arnold does n't grin every 5 seconds .
 Columbia has just announced a rather surprising downgrade and street date change for the upcoming The 6th Day DVD . Poor Arnie , he just ca n't get a break lately , can he ? Columbia will be dropping `` The Future is Coming '' HBO First Look special , plus the 10 featurettes , the 3 storyboard-to-film comparisons and the 2 animatics . The remaining features still on the disc include the isolated music track with composer Trevor Rabin with commentary ; the `` Re-Pet '' infomercial , talent files , production notes , trailers and TV spots . Columbia is lowering the price of the disc to $ 24.95 , and will be removing the `` Special Edition '' banner from all advertising and the packaging . The street date has also been bumped to 3/27 .
 `` The Last Action Hero '' was a great study in what was wrong about Arnold breaking from type , and `` True Lies '' was a great study in what was so right about it . While the former was so clearly aimed at kids and families as to be somewhat unwatchable by adults , the latter was aimed at adults but done in a style that the whole family could follow and enjoy . `` End of Days '' was a great return for Arnold , faithful to his old style of action movie theatrics while delivering a decent plot and great special effects . While `` 6th Day '' has some good effects of its own , sadly , it is another departure from type that falls flat on its face . Arnold 's character is weak and uninteresting , the dialogue is poor , and the plot could n't have more holes if a Terminator shot it up . One is definitely left feeling that Arnold 's political aspirations have resulted in watered-down action films that lack any of the desireable qualities that made him popular to begin with.Action movie fans will be left wondering , `` Where 's the beef ? '' Those looking for more intricate plots and inspired dialogue will likewise be prompted to look elsewhere.In short , this is a movie which sadly will please nobody , leaving one to wonder why it was made in the first place .
 Schwarzengegger 's return to action did n't fare much better in this clunker about a regular joe named Adam Gibson who co-runs a helicopter business . Gibson learns that he 's been cloned and the `` replacement '' that is living out his life , means he must be exterminated by a prophetic businessman and his group of dastardly cohorts . This film , while not bad , just seems flat and uninspired . Schwarzenegger 's return to action does n't do much and it seems that the standard action sequences take place with at least one mandatory car chase . The only real amusing scenes involve the continual cloning of the businessman 's henchmen , and a scene involving two Arnolds at once , but rather than that , it just seems out of place .
 Being a big fan after a long day in the office of `` Sit and vegetate , no thinking required '' movies , I must say I was disappointed with this.Running alone the usual actions lines you expect from Arnie , this movie just did n't yield the same punch we have come to expect . Below are a few of the problems .1 . The movie is very slow to take off . This is particularly evident when our hero arrives back from work and sees his clone .2 . The movie itself is based on an exciting principle with which our writer could have done so much . The movie lacks substance with poor dialogue scenes seriously slowing the pace .3 . Our evil villains just do n't seen to grab your imagination as they have before .4 . The usual `` blow stuff up '' seems to have been abandoned somewhat as our hero is overly nice and conscientious -LRB- if somewhat bewildered -RRB- . Compared to Eraser and True Lies , this movie just does n't get off the ground . What could have been an excellent movie falls well short with no real empathy for our heroine and a complete lack of suspense . It is movie that having watched half of and then being unexpectantly called away , could easily result in you never bothering to watch the remainder . Not Arnie 's best .
 Were are the old Arnold 's movies like Commando , Predator , and Running Man ? This one was annoying . I did not like the story , and I did not like the action . No humor at all . Special effects alone are nothing . What I particularly like is Arnold 's humor . Red Heat is a perfect example of what I am talking about . While watching this movie I did not even smile . It left me with a bad feelings . Now , I am going to watch Commando to get my feelings back .
 And on the 7th day God rested , right ? Well , that 's what happened to me while watching this movie . They try to sell you this sfx-crafted , explosion-overloaded , Schwarzanegger-acted , ridiculously-scripted piece of crap like a high quality movie . It 's as good as Last Action Hero , if you liked that one , then you 'll love this one !!! If I 'm wrong you can kill me and clone me and in two hours I 'll give you a hand making sure the disc is REALLY DEAD !
 The later films schwarzenneger made towards the end of his acting career prior to becoming Governor of California werent too bad , I mean they were no Terminator or Predator , but they were watchable . The 6th day had some great effects and action and some kind of moral story about the dangers of human cloning in the future , but again pretty mediocre . As i 've said before in prior Arnold movie reviews if you 're a Schwarzenneger fan as i am and want to complete your Arnold collection , get it , if not you can do better for your money ... or worse , lol .
 If you 're a fan of Arnold , you 'll like this . I mean he 's the same in his roles ... and the action is the same ... and the writing is the same.GIVE ME A BREAK !
 From the cheesy script , to the state of the art -LRB- in 1970 -RRB- special effects , this movie has it all . when i saw the commercials on tv a while ago i was pumped because it looked like an excellent arnold movie , being a huge fan of him . but this movie was awful . i had a hard time keeping a straight face when i watched this movie , and ended up in a laughing frenzy at roughly the 11 minute mark . they dont even use guns in it , they use these oderiferous `` laser guns '' that are boring . the plot seems like it should be cool , which it may be , but the acting is incredibly sub-par -LRB- especially by the guy from henry & mallrats -RRB- i dont own this movie nor do intend on ever watching it again . i always look forward to arnold movies , and he always has those great one liners in his movies that are always hilarious , that is not the case on this poor excuse for a movie . those great lines are replaced with situations like the following -LRB- for anyone who has seen the movie -RRB- when the two arnold create some kind of explosion , right after fighting with each other , they look at each other and say `` cool '' hense the title of this ever so accutate review of this farse movie ...
 The people reviewing before me seem to have reviewed the quality of the DVD instead of the movie , which probably tells you the best part about it . The plot has more holes than a swiss cheese , the dialogue seems to have come from other -LRB- boring -RRB- movies we 've all seen before and Arnold is far from at his best . His age is showing , the moves are gone , and we 're just left with his acting ability - which says it all . The only remotely interesting character is the bad guy , played by Tony Goldwyn . When he 's not on screen you might as well go for that snack or hit the bathroom .
 Arnold Schwarzenegger in perhaps his greatest dramatic role ... I have n't seen a performance this rich , this nuanced , since the slobbering bulldog in that `` Turner & Hooch '' movie . Best of all was the scene between Schwarzenegger and Duvall ... a meeting of acting titans that was long overdue ... imagine what these two could have achieved opposite each other in the Godfather films if only Scharzenegger had played Michael Corleone instead of Al Pacino ... `` I know it vas you Fredo -- und now , I vill crush your szpinal column und then rezite my clever zinger , `` You szhould have had more backbone ! `` Anyway , back to this movie -- a little long for a movie version of a comic book , but kind of funny for obvious reasons . I would actually give it two and a half stars , but the grading system here wo n't allow fractions . By the way , male viewers take note
 Uninspired action sequences , but raises some surprisingly interesting questions and dilemmas about cloning .
 One hardly knows whether laugh or weep . This `` thing '' is so terrible on every level that I can hardly formulate a comment . But I 'll try . Horrible script , horrible casting , horrible direction , horrible production , shall I go on ? Arnold looks like a vain 70 year old lady ... thanks for going in to the political arena where people appreciate tasteless behavior , the fakery and falseness of material infused semi-conscious self indulgence and prositutionary greed based decision making ... Robert D. ... shame on you ! Any of you who think this awful `` product '' has any redeeming qualities whatsoever , should drop their remote and seek help before it 's too late . Thanks for your indulgence .
 Ill be back , the famous words of one Arnold Schwarzenegger and he certainly didnt help with this film . Not only was Schwarzenegger his usual bad acting self but he decided once again to act in a bad film , with a bad plot , a worse screen play and pure direction . I couldnt wait until it was over . I believe that Arnold Schwarzenegger 's career should die with a final Terminator as that was the one part he was able to play .
 This otherwise enjoyable futuristic action romp is cursed by the casting of a gratingly over-the-hill Arnold . And since it was released and Arnold has gone on to be an unsuccessful , ineffective , nastily prejudiced right-wing politician , it has become increasingly hard to watch his old movies and see him as anything but an unsympathetic person . The movie might have squeaked two stars from me back in the year it was released
 This is movie that has been well described already so I wo n't bother . But I wanted to warn you that the actors need to wash their mouths out ! I am a 30 year old woman who does not appreciate hearing people swear in movies , and my husband and I wish we had n't bought 6th Day because of the language . I do n't appreciate the `` F '' and `` S '' words like they must think I do . The movie would have been just as good -LRB- BETTER -RRB- without the profanity . There is also some rather graphic violence scenes for a pg-13 movie . I think there should be some kind of warning on the box for movies explaining the rating . If you buy this do n't say I did n't warn you ...
 Does Arnold belong to a religion that forbids him to take part in movies that do n't suck ? Well , I forgot about `` Jingle All The Way '' - a masterpiece . Oh yeah , and `` End of Days '' , totally thought-provoking . I think the Conan spoof said it best - one should take a `` stupid pill '' to enjoy this . I can just see the screenwriter coming up with the idea - `` Hey , cloning is gaining public interest , let 's make a cookie cutter sci-fi/thriller about it . But of course we 'll have to dumb it down , insert bad jokes , get Arnold and try to save it with special effects . SCORE ! ''
 claims to be another classic ... well it aint going to happen ... actors . . they aint . . sound quality isnt there lacks a lot of luster . . the director must have been asleep during the making of the picture ... if u want to call it that ... this is a film ... that should not have been made . . save ur money . . there is better films out there than this ...
 This is the worst movie I have ever seen . It is nothing more than a home movie with a family of amateurs as the cast . The acting is horrible - totally unbelievable . the plot is not much better . I fast forwarded through most of it to see if there was anything worth watching.Do not waste your money on this movie .
 Big Dice Fan . I know he is trying to make a comeback but this is not the Dice of old . I was disappointed . Sorry Dice , still love ya , especially the old stuff .
 I found this documentary to be extremely disturbing - Ron Holiday should go down in history as one of the all-time scariest `` characters '' in movie history . I 've seen a lot of disturbing films/documentaries/movies in my time , but this gave me the willies and still to this day . If anyone out there has seen the video `` CUIDADO ! '' -LRB- an extremely horrendous compilation of the most disturbing images/scenes that makes the entire FACES OF DEATH series seem like a Best Of Disney collection -RRB- , then you will know what I mean when I say avoid this documentary like a disease .
 not very interesting . Plot kind of borig and they seem to be interfering with the culture far too much . so
 This film is an hour and a half of insults to the intellect.Read all the reviews here , you know the story . Girl loses good luck to a guy she kisses . Now she has to find this guy and kiss him again . She kisses every guy around town . How pretty.But the thing about the film that was so annoying was they did n't play it right . Instead of switching luck , they should 've had the two characters switch utter stupidity . After Lohan gets the guys `` bad luck '' she becomes a moron . Apparently falling off of chairs , throwing electrical hairdriers into water and changing light bulbs while they are still illuminated all attribute to `` bad luck , '' when really it was just stupidity . The worst part is , just about every idiot will eat this stuff up and laugh at it . I spent the entire movie predicting what kind of stupid thing was going to happen next.This movie is written for morons . But at least Lindsay Lohan is in it so every adolescent girl will see it and crave the lifestyle of a rich , no work girl in a sweet studio apartment with her hot friends .
 I am not wasting too much time talking about this movie other than to say you would be better off skipping it and saving your money for a better movie .
 MMKAYY , THIS WAS THE WORST F MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN IN MY LIFE , LINDSAY LOHAN CANT ACT , THIS WAS A CHEAP PRODUCTION MADE BY A BUNCH OF UGLY CRACKHEADS WHO DONT KNOW ABOUT MAKING A MOVIE . GRRR THIS WAS A WASTE OF TIME . AND I DONT CARE IF THIS REVIEW IS PUT UP OR NOT , BUT I JUST WANTED TO VOICE MY OPINION . thanks . = -RRB-
 this movie sucked poor acting performances on both parts I think too generic feel and it was n't even funny but you ca n't too much from a romantic comedy i guess .
 Oh Lohan , did n't you learn anything from `` Freaky Friday '' ? You should never coy with fortune telling , because the plot device will just conveniently turn your life around and hope you 'll learn something from the nightmare . First , you were a 50-year-old Laurie Strode , here you became unlucky , and now you went from a career rise to a career splat . `` Just My Luck '' may not be as bad asher recent box-office disaster , but this is still ridiculously uncanny . The movie thought God likes to tempt fate with certain people , and so Lindsay Lohan 's character is livin ' the Mary Tyler Moore life while Chris ` James T. Kirk ' Pine happens to receive crap on a sliver platter every step of the way . Then convenience circumstances at a party happened when these two unknowns kiss after a warning form the fortuneteller , and their luck has switched . Then Lohan 's character faced the ` wackiest ' of unfortunate situations , like gettin ' splashed on by the road , getting her hair caught in a dryer , having her home flooded , and reduced to working in janitorial work , while Pine gets a high-paid job by a record producer and has a secretary/call-girl the within a day.There 's a difference between luck and stupidity , and the movie does n't quite get it . The character who had bad luck seems more irresponsible than unlucky , considering most of their actions caused them to be unfortunate . Pine picked up a dollar bill from a trash can , not thinking it could be dirty , and Lohan tried to replace a tube lightbulb while holding another one while standing on a ladder , these characters simply did n't think things through and I 'm suppose to believe this is bad luck ; come to think of it , I 'm surprised bad luck itself did n't kill them earlier on . Nevermind the whole good luck aspect which is handled absurdly and coincidentally , one has to be brain-damage to think they were n't graced with internal fortune.Everything here is set up like a Disney Channel Original Movie . All the jokes were cartoony , the cast overexert themselves with endless chatter , and the story is farfetched . I can understand it wants to be over-the-top , but it 's not really funny . The characters are so annoying , Lohan kept verbally defending herself every time she gets into a jam and Pine plays like a one-dimensional meat package . `` Just My Luck '' is romantic shlock , all bubbly and asinine catering to the young girls for sleepovers . To think the best moments were the ones where Lohan 's character is in prison and she got her face clocked -LRB- twice -RRB- . At least the movie did n't make that whole ` you make your own luck ' speech , which after how divinely controlled it 's set up , the message would be hard to believe .
 I liked Freaky Friday , but after that , she pulled a Courtney Love and screwed over her whole life.Ashley Albright is a squeaky clean , popular , pretty-in-pink , almost too perfect character.The guy is , well ... not very cute , and not very popular . He 's actually quite grubby.To say it in the least , I barely got through the first half-hour . -LRB- And I was watching it around 5:30 , so do n't question my credibility . -RRB- In one word , * BORING * . I nearly fell asleep . After much struggle , I managed to watch the movie for a whole 45 minutes without throwing a fit over what a waste of money this was.I could have done so much more with 2 bucks in Family Video!I guess if you like boring plotlines , 5 ' o clock shadow , and sugary sweet `` nice '' girls , then this movie is for you .
 Ashley -LRB- Lohan -RRB- appears to be some type of admin asst at a publicity firm . She lives in a luxurious apartment and wears designer clothes on her paltry salary -LRB- her two friends in the same job share a much dinkier apartment and have much less money , apparently -RRB- . Anyway , she gets promoted and everything always goes her way even though she does n't have much common sense . Jake , on the other hand , is a loser , also without much common sense . Jake sneaks into a party that Ashley is in charge of where everyone is wearing a mask -LRB- except Ashley - she wears some netty thing -RRB- . They dance and kiss . Their `` luck '' is switched . -LRB- What happened to all the other guys she kissed ? Hey , maybe she stole one of those guys ' luck ! -RRB- Ashley goes to jail and gets punched out . She gets fired . Her apt is flooded . She moves in with her friends and drops her contact lens in the litter box . She immediately puts it back in her eye . When her friends express concern , she says `` Hey , it 's my last one ! '' She must be out of contact lens solution also !! She gets an eye infection which lasts one day . Ashley also displays her vast stupidity when her blowdryer shorts out
 The story idea is n't totally lame but the dialogue and acting make this too torturous to watch . Lindsay Lohan actually looked like she was reading from cue cards at one point in the film , and the delivery was like she was reading it for the first time ... . horrible , horrible scene . In fact that scene was so bad I rewound it 3 times just because I could n't believe what I was seeing ! Do n't waste your time on this movie .
 The technical aspects of this movie are OK , and of course New York city looks bright and inviting . Success and failure are measured by the size of apartments and the ability to date rich guys or hot -LRB- pretty stupid -RRB- girls . The film is simply dumb , to the point where you can not ignore this quality even when watching in zombie mode . Also , it tries to sell a light-pop British boy-band with too much fury . Like a movie from the Disney Channel . What more ? , ah , Lindsey Lohan is extremely beautiful , all the time , and the deleted scenes are good and should have been included in the movie . That 's it .
 Poor Lindsay Lohan - it seems between bad choices in films and even worse choices in real life , she may be about to destroy her career before it even takes off . As an actress , she is falling into some very rough waters where she is expected to carry films on her shoulders before she has even had a chance to mature in her craft . As a child actress , she was a natural fit for her spate of Disney appearances , with FREAKY FRIDAY her crowning achievment . However , as a young adult , the pressure is much higher , as is the bar of success . And movies like this are NOT helping.But to be fair , one can not place the blame on Ms. Lohan . The fact is , she has already had a turn in a non-Disney role which paid off exquisitely . MEAN GIRLS offered us the first glimpse of Lindsay in a post-Disney world . The timing was on , the interaction with the cast was superb , and everything just fell into place . But then again , that film also benefitted from a knockout script by a knockout writer -LRB- Tina Fey -RRB- . JUST MY LUCK has NONE of these things going for it.Perhaps ironically , Ms. Lohan 's latest vehicle is quite an unlucky choice for her . We have a promising premise in the concept of a boy and girl with opposing luck . Lohan is lucky , Chris Pine is not . Inevitably through the courses of movie magic , we know that the two will end up trading places -LRB- much like Eddie Murphy and Dan Akroyd once did in ... what was the name of that movie again ? -RRB- The only mystery for the viewer is whether this will occur through a wise old Asian or a wise old Gypsy . -LRB- Spoiler - it 's the gypsy ! OK , I know , I should n't be giving these things away ! -RRB- Like I said , we all know this is going to happen . What we DID N'T know was that it was going to take THIRTY-FIVE minutes to get there ! So , we kill one full third of the movie being bombarded with example after example of Lohan 's good luck and Pine 's bad luck . By the time they make the switch , I had already lost interest and was planning my lunch.After the predictable bout of sudden bad luck , Lohan learns that an ill-timed kiss with Mr. Pine was what caused the change of fortune . Problem is , the kiss was at a masquerade party , and she does n't know whom she kissed . What follows is perhaps the film 's only somewhat enjoyable sequence as Lohan tracks down and ambushes 20 strangers with sudden and embarassingly public kisses trying to get her luck back.Sadly , this brief bright spot ends too quickly , and it is back to the formula as Lohan and Pine meet and fall in love anyway , not knowing that they are the ones who caused each other 's luck to change . If predictable hook-ups make you happy , you might find some charm in this final third of the film - that is if you can overlook the sudden need for Lohan 's best friend to become a song-writer in what was obviously a `` what do we do with the final act ? '' tacked-on storyline with positively no set-up beforehand.The problem with this film is that it comes across as very `` slapped-together '' -LRB- To borrow from Mad TV , it was `` JUST MADE IN TEN DAYS -RRB- . Is the director to blame ? While Donald Petrie has a few hits to his name -LRB- MISS CONGENIALTY , GRUMPY OLD MEN , and MYSTIC PIZZA -RRB- he also has more than a few duds -LRB- THE ASSOCIATE , WELCOME TO MOOSEPORT , MY FAVORITE MARTIAN -RRB- . Or perhaps it is the writing team ? To date , the two credited writers have yet to muster up a single true hit , and one gets the sense that a more competent writing team would have taken a better direction with the plot and have not wasted the obvious talent that Ms. Lohan does in fact possess . Personally , I would have liked to have seen the producers take a risk and make Lohan a much more loathsome character to begin with than she is . Her character comes off as too nice to hate , and yet too shallow to root for.Whoever is to blame , this is clearly a sub-par effort at best , and one I hope Lindsay -LRB- or her casting agent -RRB- will learn from . With four movies coming down the pike , she still has a shot at transitioning into a much more serious career . I like that she has taken smaller ensemble roles recently -LRB- such as PRAIRIE HOME COMPANION and BOBBY -RRB- . A very smart play on her part . Let 's hope she can steer clear of JUST MY LUCK roles for awhile !
 As one other reviewer pointed out , a documentary on Wrestlemania can not be released without some people wondering if everything in there is true . Although I 'm not going to go as far as one reviewer that claimed that there were only 78,00 people at WMIII , the backstory to WMVII being moved in venue is true . Would I buy this DVD ? Most likely not for several reasons.First of all , anything released from the WWE can always be accused of being biased in some way , shape , or form . Attempts to implicitly snubb former wrestlers that either left under questionable circumstances , or work for other competitions , is always going to be present . The WWE Top 50 Wrestlers of All Time DVD is a prime example and where certain wrestlers , notably Hulk Hogan & Ric Flair , obviously came as a result of their involvement in TNA.Secondly , the match selection was to be expected . You CA N'T have a Wrestlemania DVD without the Hogan/Andre WMIII encounter . The same is true for Savage/Steamboat from the same Wrestlemania , HBK/Razor Ramon Ladder Match from WMX , Hogan/Rock from WMX8 , and the Triangle Ladder Match from WM2000 . I will admit that one surprise was including Lesnar/Angle from WMXIX , which was a great match . Outside of that , I thought the match selection was weak and included too many matches already highlighted so many times , I can recite them blindfolded . A couple matches I felt did n't deserve to be in the set . Looking at the list , the two that came to mind immediately was the McMahon/McMahon match from WM17 -LRB- I think the Undertaker/Triple H match might have been a better choice -RRB- , and the Austin/HBK match from WM14 -LRB- Austin/Hart from WM13 was a MUCH BETTER match -RRB- Anytime WWE does a DVD like this , there is risk that it could go either way . It could be a great set , or it could be disastrous . I personally thought the WWE DVD in greatest Tag Teems would have been great , but when I heard the host selection , and then looked at the match selection , I was immediately turned away from it . Other DVD 's , like the one on Chris Jericho and Edge , turned out to be better than expected . I saw there is an upcoming DVD on the Best Cage Natches . I hope this will be a good one , since I love steel cage matches . However , who knows . Most WWE DVD 's are a mixed bag .
 2 stars is being VERY generous here . After reviewing the detailed information on the `` documentary '' part and looking over the matches with some advance information i 've received , its another big disappointment . The WWE continues to milk the same stories over and over and over again . There 's really nothing new in the documentary and most of these matches have been on other DVD releases 2 , 3 , 4 times and in some cases , more than that.The media dept. at the WWE instead should be focusing on putting together some high quality 3-disc sets on previous superstars that they 've missed -LRB- for example Andre the Giant ... my god , there 's not even a proper 3-disc set w/documentary on the incredible man and legend ... just an old VHS single awful release that has since been transferred to DVD -RRB- . Also , the Blu-Ray version of this is n't really a big deal either as most of the file footage is not high-def worthy and will look like standard DVD picture.I 've looked at the details of the documentary to try and find a new angle here , but its mostly re-hashed information that we already know . Another poor release from the WWE in now what is a line of sub-par -LRB- at best -RRB- discs . Hopefully someone over there in their media dept. wakes up and once again starts putting out worthwhile projects .
 This DVD COULD HAVE been a great in depth look into the secret behind the scenes life of Wrestlemania . But it eneded up being one huge Vince Mcmahon self glorifying DVD . I asked myself one question after I watched this DVD . What do I know now that I did n't know before I watched the DVD ... and the answer sadly is nothing .
 All you really need is DISC 1 considering you can watch the DISC 2 & 3 matches on Youtube or on the net . I was very disappointed . First of all , most of the interviews were just past clips from various WWE dvds in the past . Shawn Michaels , Austin , Rock , and Hogan stuff was from a documentary for Wrestlemania 19 called `` Mania of Wrestlemania '' . They did have some never-before seen stuff from Wrestlemania 9 in Vegas which was ok . Even Vince McMahon 's interview was disappointing . He says the same things in every dvd ... `` had my father known what i was going to do with the business , he would n't have sold it to me '' . . `` if Wrestlemania did n't work , I would n't be sitting here '' , etc. . I was really hoping for MORE . The beginning with the Rock N Wrestling connection was good . . the idea of closed circuit venues , and celebrity stuff . It got boring after 30 min .
 This may be the strangest entry yet in the WWE 's DVD pantheon . Does anyone out there expect the `` truth , whole truth , and nothing but the truth '' from the WWE , a company that 's been , eh , a little less than forthright over the years , particularly about their showcase , Wrestlemania?If Vince McMahon , owner of the company , actually does come forward and fess up to many ` Mania myths , such as the 93,000 people they claim were present for WM III , the most famous of the 26 shows -LRB- actual number :78,000 -RRB- ; or their sleazy claim that WM VII was moved from the Coliseum in L.A. to the Sports Arena because of ` terrorist fears ' -LRB- this was in early '91 during the Persian Gulf conflict part 1 , and the reason it was moved was due solely to slow ticket sales -RRB- ... then i 'll happily apologize in print for ever doubting the George Washington of pro wrestling himself , Mr Mcmahon . Or is he the Richard Nixon ? Remember , both Presidents are famous for ` not lying ' .
 I just got this DVD today and im disappointed the quality is good but it goes from HD to Regular screen and that just bothers me and i just cant watch it . I think this DVD would have been better if they really took there time with it and had everyone come in and talk about it not just take some off of other dvd 's . Im just all around disappointed and i hope they do something and fix it because i was really looking forward to this DVD .
 Uninvited -LRB- Greydon Clark , 1988 -RRB- While Greydon Clark was primarily a director of bad action films , that never stopped him from dabbling in every genre he could get his hands on . He made the cult sci-fi classic The Return , a blaxploitation flick , a godawful dance movie , and a western here and there . But the genre to which he kept returning was horror . He never quite got it right , but most of his attempts in the genre are at least stupidly watchable . The sole exception is Uninvited , the only Greydon Clark film that was ever direct-to-video . Given how bad Clark 's theatrical releases were , that ought to tell you something . I have now seen it , and I 'm here to inform you that it does n't tell you nearly enough.Plot
 The film is solid entertainment . Thanks to it 's overall silliness , nifty mutant cat puppets , and classic horrible dialogue , it never approaches boring . It 's well worth a purchase for b-movie fans , despite the vhs quality picture , lack of extras , and extremely shoddy cover -LRB- mine looked like it was printed on a home printer that was running out of color ink -RRB- . The whole package feels like a bootleg .
 This apparently was shown on the Science Fiction Channel , before being released on DVD in 2007 . The breaks for commercials are still obvious in this DVD production.I have to admit I was biased against the production before watching it , based on the description . American soldiers in Iraq have to face down a Manticore ? What bothered me about that was that -- despite anyone 's opinions about the fighting in Iraq , people are still dying over there . To turn the conflict into a backdrop for a science fiction movie seemed like it was almost trivializing or fictionalizing a very real conflict that is still going on.Anyone who watched `` No End in Sight '' , a documentary about the Iraq War which met with good reviews , may recall the looting of the Baghdad museum which scattered thousands of years worth of historical archives . This too is the backdrop for the story , as there is an ancient relic in there which can bring back to life the stone figures of 2 Manticora . The movie begins with a detachment of soliders trying to stop the looting and Iraqis looting the museum , including a pair intent on retrieving this artifact.Well , you have your good Iraqis and your bad Iraqis , your good Americans and your . . no , wait , there are no bad Americans in the film , only good guys.Storyline is mediocre , acting is mediocre , nobody is going to win any awards from this production . Though when I started out I thought perhaps it would be the worst DVD of the decade to date , I decided it was n't really quite that bad . Best character , of course , is the Manticore unfortunately . It 's a little sad when a special-effects creature makes for the highlight of an entire movie - length production . If special effects are your thing you might find the beast interesting . If you enjoy laughing at a really pulpy plot , then you can do that too . This should be rated `` R '' for blood/gore , but no nudity or sex .
 As most people say , this is obviously a Sy-fy original movie so it will be very mediocre . However , the cheap special effects still give me a good laugh and make the movie entertaining . You know you have found an enjoyable movie when you can talk about it for a while afterwards , whether good or bad .
 Manticore -LRB- 2005 -RRB- is a SyFy original movie , set in Iraq , involving a winged creature , with glowing red eyes , called the Manticore , brought to life in a ceremonial ritual . Journalist Ashley Pierce -LRB- Chase Masterson -RRB- and her cameraman , are among those trapped in a small remote village , where the Manticore has appeared . An army unit commanded by Sergeant Tony Baxter -LRB- Robert Beltran -RRB- , sent out to recover the missing reporter , engages and tries to defeat this supernatural enemy.Base on an obscure legend , the story is barely fleshed out , although the acting is passable , and there are some humorous moments . The special effects and CGI for the Manticore , is subpar , even for SyFy , with the beast showing up to best effect in the dark . Bullets do n't have much of an effect , but the creature has a strange vulnerability , that one of the soldiers -LRB- Heather Donahue -RRB- is able to exploit , just barely in time.If you are really intrigued , you can save yourself a few bucks , and catch this the next time it is featured on SyFy .
 This must be one the the crapiest , stupid dumb movie I 've seen in decades.Story is soooo boring ... no plot , no acting , nothing worth your time.This sucks big time ... pass on ... really .
 But we did n't laugh at all during at least the half of it we watched . Seriously , this film sucks , and only 1 of the 6 girls was at all attractive . Skinny , stereotypical brain dead cheerleaders .
 This movie is garbage . Do n't waste your time or money watching it . It 's ridiculous and has no plot whatsoever . The only reason we watched it is because we had a free credit from Amazon to purchase any movie and unfortunately this was chosen .
 This would have to be the worst movie I have ever seen , and I have seen some clangers . It would still be horrible if it was produced by a bunch of college students with no budget . I only gave it one star because there was no lower value . There are no redeeming features . The gore is pathetic , its not funny and there is practically no nudity - a few topless women - big deal . Do yourself a favour and look elsewhere .
 Do n't believe the hype about this movie . They wasted the talents of Jerry Lawler and others . There is plenty of T&A ; in this movie but the nudity just do n't cut it . None of the gals are really that hot not that I wanted all of them to be but it is like they almost wanted to turn you off with the nudity . I have to give the movie credit as it was well lit and the sound was perfect but unfortunately the dialogue got boring and annoying . The humor was out of sync . I mean if you want to watch a really bad movie with nudity thrown in and gore go for it but I laughed all the way throughPiranha DDcompared to having fast forward parts of this trash . I found it totaly unfunny and annoying . I say avoid , the nudity is n't worth it and I found no laughs not even at the bad acting or dialogue .
 This DVD comes from the States , which means it is prevented form being viewed on a TV set in the UK . I am very surprised that Amazon would sell a product that is not viable in the UKI would appreciate it if Amazon would reimburse me for this unusable productCarol Davies
 I was n't sure what to expect so I was n't too let down , the actors and the movie itself are alright but a cute movie is n't my type .
 The dvd was a gift for my Mother and was supposed to be format dvd . My Mother has just telephoned to say it will only play in a different region . I am very disappointed .
 I realize the Zombies are not your high energy power band , but much of this was lamer than Moody Blues &#34; B &#34; tracks .
 I 'm a big fan of horror films , but there has n't been much to get excited about lately . This film had some potential , but cardboard characters and a flimsy script kept it from being anything but a routine slasher . The idea is pretty good , kind of like ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' meets ` Last Action Hero ' , but it just does n't deliver many chills . The last quarter of the film is better than the first three quarters , but it does n't save this from being a `` by the numbers '' horror flick . The acting is decent for this type of film and the killer is pretty cool looking , but the killings are pretty mild for a slasher . It 's worth a look for fans of slasher films , but it 's pretty forgettable .
 This movie reminded me of something that I watched when I was a kid in the 80s on late night HBO . I would not recommend this movie to anyone above the age of 18 who is a horror movie enthusiast . I was expecting much more from this movie after reading the reviews on the standard DVD , but was completely let down . The one good thing I can say about the blu-ray version of this film is the sound and picture quality are extremely crisp , but unfortunately the concept , acting , and storyline were not . I realize it is a low budget film , but does that mean the dialogue and concepts have to be `` low budget '' as well ? EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED and DEFINITELY NOT SCARY !!!!!!! Gave 2 stars for picture and sound quality on blu-ray version , but the movie is t-r-a-s-h .
 I had read several reviews all over the place about how great this movie was so I rented the original version on Netflix . . the Killer Cut is not available there . I was severely disappointed with it but kept telling myself that the Killer Cut would improve on this because all of these people ca n't be wrong . So once I found out that Amazon had the Killer Cut for streaming , I jumped on it right away ... well , after watching it , I 'm still disappointed . This movie is a piece of garbage with some of the worst acting I have ever seen . The Killer Cut boasted improved special effects but the only thing that I could tell was that any time the killer appeared or disappeared , there is now a flame effect that has been added . I understand that this is a low budget direct to dvd movie so I am not expecting the production value to be outstanding , but still . This movie had such a great concept but it fell completely flat . I can only assume that all these people that `` love '' this movie are studio plants . I am an avid horror movie enthusiast and found this movie to be one of worst pieces of trash I have ever watched ... twice . I wish I could get my $ 1.99 and all the time I wasted back .
 This is one of the worst horror flicks I 've seen in years . I really had hopes , given the generally positive reviews . Avoid this movie !
 I could not stay awake during this dim poor excuse of a horror film . The new face of horror ?? What a load . This film was very boring , dull , stupid and pointless . I love horror film and this movie for me was a insult to all the great film I know and love .
 I 've been seeing a lot of films lately . One of which was Midnight Movie , which did n't really seem very new or novel . While I 'm not a very big fan of horror films , to me the film did n't seem very fresh . The killer was this demon with supernatural powers , sure he was scary but I did n't much care for the gore . At times the film felt claustrophobic and trapping , which I really did n't like . The music was really eerie and the louder it got behind the gruesome deaths the more it turned me off . It might be worthwhile to watch `` The Killer Cut '' to see if it was improved or what add ons the DVD has to offer , but for now that 's my opinion .
 Everything about this movie is horrible . Do n't waste your time . Horrible acting , script , story line . If I can give it zero stars , I would .
 If I could be so bold as to play a bit of the contrarian here , Midnight Movie is nothing spectacular . It 's not even good . It 's a banal , boring , and utterly forgettable film . You will not enjoy it . You will not be entertained . It would be an entirely amicable situation , yet still entirely unlikely , to find yourself sitting through it from start to finish without succumbing to the overwhelming urge to turn off , tune out , and go to bed all together . It 's a film that revels in cliche . This is a film you have seen a dozen times before , better or worse , though I suspect it would be quite difficult to be worse than this film without actively attempting to be terrible . Midnight Movie is n't afraid to set the bar low . Its premise , seemingly lifted from either the far more entertaining and gleefully stupid Demons or a much more watchable episode of Are You Afraid of the Dark ? , does n't make it any more original or exciting . The acting is perhaps average for a film of similar appetites at best and splintery , waterlogged wooden at average . The plotting is pretty bland , things just kind of happen and trah-la-la . The writing is about what you 'd expect , all things considered
 The only thing good about the film was that it was presented in Blu ray . Glad I brought it used !
 The actors were horrible . Alot of cheesy lines and effects were really fake . I know its a low budget flick ... . But the story wasnt even good !
 The Calling stinks , plain and simple . What initially had potential with a boy being possessed by the devil quickly falls apart thanks to a lackluster storyline and mediocre acting skills.Sure , you witness a few neat looking and terrifying deaths , but the majority of the film is amazingly quiet and does n't trigger any kind of suspense or fear from the viewer . This is because the storyline never takes an interesting turn so you eventually know what 's going to happen at the very end.Okay , one particular scene involving the mother taking her little boy to a river is a bit shocking -LRB- because it actually plays out in a way I did n't expect -RRB- but other than that , this is another example of predictable writing , poor acting skills , and lack of suspense ruining a supposed thriller .
 Laura Harris -LRB- The Faculty , Mighty Wind -RRB- plats Kristie St. Clair marrys Marc St. Clair , played by Richard Lintern -LRB- Syriana , Starlings -RRB- and winds up having a son Dylan St. Clair , played by Alex Roe -LRB- The Fugitives the TV Series -RRB- . The Son later soon possses greater powers beyond the eye can see and Harris is subjected to trying to find out what the hell is going on as things turn on her . Carmac , played by Francis Magee -LRB- The Bombmaker , Butterfly Man -RRB- tells Harris that there is something wrong with her son and so on and so forth . Not much here , lacks energy and interest with dull characters , bad acting and bad writing . By the end I knew that the Carmac character played her ... you could see it coming a mile away . This also wasted Alice Krige -LRB- Star Trek
 In the late 60 's Roman Polanski made a masterpiece known as Rosemary 's Baby . In the early 70 's , a masterpiece called The Omen was made . In the late 90 's , an okay movie called End of Days was created . This movie borrows shamelessly from all three . It is an absolutely horrific movie . There is no redeeming quality of this movie . It does have very brief nudity , graphic violence and is VERY Satanic . Avoid this movie at all costs .
 I purchased this video because my son LOVES the Eebee Adventures sample video made by Parents Magazine . My 10 month old has been watching the sample Eebee video while I shower since he was 8 months old . He loves Eebee -LRB- I think because he has a fun voice is and very colorful -RRB- . He lights up when we sing the theme song or when he sees Eebee on the DVD . The music in the Parents video is fun and upbeat . This video , however , is only so-so . It has cute moments and a few good songs , but they are no where are catchy or up beat as the Parents Eebee video . Had this been the first Eebee video we bought , I would not have purchased any more in the series . My son will watch this video , but does not stop in his tracks or get excited when it comes on like he does with the original video we have . Where as the Parents video keeps my son 's attention for a good 30 minutes , he is easliy distracted while watching this one ! I wish I had purchased one of the other videos in this series instead .
 Amy Nash -LRB- Briana Evigan -RRB- works at the St. Martin Animal House , but not in the part that has animals with cancer or mange , but the wing that only has cute Hollywood bunnies and kitties . Her husband David -LRB- Sean Faris -RRB- has just bought them a beautiful home . The electricity is not turned on except for the security system , outdoor lights , basement lights , and electronic doors and walls ... they all seem to have their own power supply . Like Ed Wood would say , `` Who will notice ? '' To make the evening more romantic they leave their cell phones in the car !!!!! The film digresses into a combination home abduction / `` Home Alone '' film . It turns out the house has drugs stashed in it and the owners want it back ... but it is not that simple . They also want the witnesses dead and there is something else in the house they want ... but what ? And how does this tie into the opening scene where a Colombian scatters his gray matter all over the inside of a confessional ? Dolph Lundgren and Jon Huertas play the bad guys.Most of the film is a cat and mouse game being played between the two sides with David being the punching bag for any stray bullet . The dialouge was boring and having Dolph recite lines that are already the pits , does n't raise the `` thriller '' level . At one point David , learning over a dead body shouts at Dolph , `` C'mon man ! '' That was my MST moment which highlighted the poor writing of this thriller . The overall plot idea was decent , the execution is not gripping . This would be the third feature at the drive-in . No-f-bombs that I recall , no nudity , brief `` Natalie Portman '' style sex scene -LRB- bra stays on -RRB- . C'mon man !
 `` I bet somebody $ 20 that you would n't find that stash tonight . I guess I lost . '' Dave -LRB- Faris -RRB- & Emma -LRB- Evigan -RRB- have found the perfect house in a great neighborhood with great neighbors . While on their first night there they discover a hidden closet filled with heroin . Thinking the best option is to leave and call the cops they walk outside and their neighbor tells them that that is a bad idea . Running back into the house they have no option but to toss out the stash to the people waiting for them , but that is not all they were looking for . So going into this I had low expectations because of the fact that this is a Lundgren movie . In my opinion he peaked in Rocky . This is another mindless action movie that is good enough to keep you watching but still a movie you forget as you are watching . If you are a fan of Lundgren you will like this movie . If you are n't I have to say I have seen worse from him . Overall , everything that a typical Lundgren usually has . Lame plot , acting and a movie that you forget as you watch . I give it a C - .
 The Mod Squad is n't a movie , it 's a void . That 's the most fascinating thing about it and the thing that kept me watching - I 'd never seen a film that offered absolutely nothing before . It 's a film without any reason to exist whatsoever , seemingly consciously designed to appeal to no-one as if made purely as a contractual obligation to someone the studio really dislike . There is no plot , there is no characterization , there are no set piece action scenes , there are n't even any scenes as such , just a progression of increasingly empty shots projected at 24 frames per second . I 'm not talking about empty as in dumb summer blockbuster but empty as in `` We have n't got the pages yet so just point the camera at something and stop when you 've got 90 minutes worth . '' It makes you appreciate the ` artistic achievements ' of the movie versions of Charlie 's Angels and S.W.A.T. that much more . What it does offer is far too much of Giovanni Ribisi at his most tediously execrable doing his bastard son of a thousand morons impersonating Marlon Brando method acting routine , Michael Lerner dancing with Omar Epps and ... no , that 's it . Oh , Clare Danes has a nice smile in one shot . And Dennis Farina has the sense to get killed off early . Genuinely the most utterly pointless film ever made , it 's like L'Humanite without the jokes but , you know , for kids .
 I could n't decide ! If this was n't one of the worst movies ever made I do n't know what is .
 -LRB- This film might put you to sleep . -RRB- Genre classifications `` action '' and `` thriller '' are both terribly misapplied in this case . The film 's pacing is slow , the character development does n't really exist with regard to some important characters , the writing is poor , and as such it is difficult to judge whether the acting is subpar because the actors are n't all that great -LRB- though Ribisi has proven his ability in some much better stuff -RRB- or because the script was n't worth producing . Add to all of this a sad lack of special effects and an unmemorable soundtrack , and you 've got an entire work of below-average film making.If you 're looking for an arcane suspense/action , `` Ronin '' might be a good pick , but even still , for blockbuster quality stick to the well-traveled paths of smash hits . There 's a reason `` everybody '' liked some films.ALong
 This is a horrible film . I bought it because it had Claire Danes in it ... . and the other two lead actors are n't quite that bad . But it just hurts to see them suffering to salvage this fractured nonsense of a script.The story is that these 3 Juvenile delinquents get a second chance by serving as a pawn of the police . One was a club DJ , who stutters , One was a gangsta , and claire danes was ... some prostitute or something ? Whatever . And they go against this huge drud deal or something that involves the police , that tries to get away by putting all the blame on the trio.But the three , never really does anything , things hardly develop , the DJ does absolutely nothing , the editing is really 3rd rate , and ... Ah , I really do n't want to remember it.Amazon.com had the nerve to recommend this thing to me , probably because I looked up other stuff that stars Claire Danes . Well , maybe your recommendation system needs a bit more tweaking ...
 `` The Mod Squad '' sucks . Does it had to suck ? No . It could 've been a fun , slick-jiving , unorthodox cop adventure for the modern age , much like what it apparently was on the original TV series . However , the producers wanted to be edgy for this film adaptation , but unlike Samuel L. Jackson 's `` Shaft '' , this is only edgy by appearance . It 's as lifeless and unneeded as the dumb triple-take shot the film did on a couple of scenes.If there are lessons to be learned from thatvisually-stunning-but-slightly-overrated movie , one of them would be ` you do n't reason with Ribisi ' . Giovanni Ribisi sure has n't changed much over the years , since his character in this movie is just as irrational , but then so is everyone else here . It 's a movie about three criminal jerks who were hired to do policework for the jerks of the law . They were watching over some jerk while keeping tabs to their superior jerk and avoiding the jerk officers who ca n't stand them . A tip from a jerk led these three jerks to find their superior jerk murdered , and now they 're on a mission to find the jerks responsible for the crime . Did I mention everyone 's a jerk in this movie , especialy Ribisi 's character as Pete ? Never had I seen a cop this loud , unbearable , and cantankerous quite like Pete sinceChris Tucker , except even less funnier.Somewhere along the plot , the jerks -LRB- Linc , Julie and Pete -RRB- would discover that the murder is conspired by mobsters and corrupt cops ; the ` twist ' on the latter is faceplantingly obvious that it 's not even a spoiler . But I got ta give props to the corrupt cops , who at one point just happened to reveal their crimes outside in the open , when anyone can just tape their conversation and use it against them later on ; not the wisest of the crop , eh?But all that conspiracy and espionage adds up to a minority of the movie . Nothing exciting happens in this film . It has only a couple of chases and one little shootout in the end , but the rest is just people talking , arguing , and moaning . As a person who enjoys a Guy Ritchie or Quentin Tarantino movie , the dialogue in this movie does n't hold up in lieu of action ; the script is uninspiring , none of the characters have anything interesting to say except quipping cliche quotes . I wish the actors were n't so tired with their roles , delivering lines in such a dry tone , except for Ribisi who just ca n't do the angry character quite well . With the possible exception of Claire Danes ' panties , nothing is worth my eyes and ears.And boy , my ears are in pain , because the score of `` The Mod Squad '' is just terrible . It tried to imitate the fly music from the '60s and '70s , but it got annoying by the fast percussions on slow tracks and random horn blasts in certain moments . The music is so dense , it actually killed the mood it tried to bring in specific plot point.Everything `` The Mod Squad '' wanted to be -LRB- pulse-pounding , humorous , clever -RRB- , it lacks . It 's a boring tripe of an adaptation , one that 'll soon be forgotten after being watched .
 There was really only one selling point for this movie to begin with , and that would have to of been the fact Claire Danes was in the movie . The fact that I only wish that I had slept through it is another matter . Save your money , go buy something else . I have no time to bash or flame , just to say that I am disappointed with a boring movie .
 `` As fun as it is cool ! '' said MTV News , at least according to the cover blurb here , which immediately begs the question as to whether they were actually talking about this film , and whether they were actually sober if they had watched this film . To save you a lot of time , let me assure you that I may have found a film that will knock Plan 9 From Outer Space off the perch as the worst film of all time . Okay , perhaps that is exaggerating just a little , but there is certainly not much here to commend this putrid effort as a film at all . Perhaps I am a traditionalist , but I believe films need to have certain elements to them in order to be successful
 Mod Squad is nothing to watch on purpose mind you . It 's one of those bad films that requires no thinking at all to get through . That 's probably why you could be watching it for over an hour and not even realize what anyone in the scenes are doing . This is the worst ripoff of a television series I have ever seen . The characters did n't act anything like the originals . Omar Epps rocked and as a black person I was embarrassed he even took a part in the mess . He is too good of an actor to even think of taking a role where he had so little to do . Ribisi was unnoticable as the '' dumb '' one of the group . His lines were supposed to be funny but he only ended up making me more bored . Claire Danes was stylish for once but she tried too hard to be sexy and once again her acting barely passed . With many more exciting young actresses out there I was surprised that someone thought Claire Danes who played Julie like a ditzy tramp could be smart enough to be a cop . This is the movie that proved Danes is not leading lady material . She does much better as a supporting actress . This was awful and unless you 've got the hots for any of these three people do n't waste your time . Poor Omar , thank goodness he went on to better roles . If you like new adaptations of old shows , I 'd watch the new Charlie 's Angels movies . They may not be perfect but at least they are n't boring .
 The TV-to-Film Curse Rears its Ugly Head once again with `` The Mod Squad '' . -LRB- `` The Avengers '' , `` The Beverly Hillbillies '' , `` Lost in Space '' , `` Leave it to Beaver '' and `` Dragnet '' are other such Cursed films , while `` The Addams Family '' , `` Charlies Angels '' , `` The Fugitive '' , `` Mission Impossible '' and `` The Brady Bunch Movie '' are the Exceptions -RRB- This Ill-Conceived Mess of a film stars Claire Danes , Giovanni Ribisi and Omar Epps as `` The Mod Squad '' , a title that may have fit the times of the Series , but it will be Lost on the films Target Audience , but not to worry , The Target Audience will be Lost after the films first 5 minutes as the film has Absolutely Nothing worth Hanging Around for . Even the 3 Talented Leads look like they are Cursing the day they signed on for this Debacle.Ok , now to the Plot ... Ok , we can Skip reviewing the plot as the Filmmakers forgot to Include one , they must have thought that the 3 stars Charisma would be enough ... They thought Wrong . Claire Danes might be a Great and Beautiful Actress , but only One of those Qualities are on show here and it does n't take a Brain Surgeon to figure out which . Omar Epps is downright Annoying and Giovanni Ribisi looks Embarrassed and hides behind Sunglasses for the Lacklustre yet Mercifully Short 80 minute running time . They are all Good , Talented Actors . There is Never Any Doubt that it is All the Filmmakers fault.Avoid '' The Mod Squad '' like The Plague ; It gives `` The Avengers '' a run for its money as the Worst Remake of a TV show Ever .
 Three young people on the wrong side of the law are given a chance to turn their lives around and become useful members of society by becoming undercover cops in `` The Mod Squad , '' a resurrection of the hit television series of the ` 60 's , directed by Scott Silver . Given their less than stellar backgrounds , and because of who they are and the people they know , Julie Barnes -LRB- Claire Danes -RRB- , Pete Cochran -LRB- Giovanni Ribisi -RRB- and Lincoln Hayes -LRB- Omar Epps -RRB- can go places other cops ca n't , so they are tapped by Captain Adam Greer -LRB- Dennis Farina -RRB- to infiltrate a seedy night spot suspected of being a front for a prostitution ring . For a start , Julie gets a job there as a waitress , while Pete and Linc just `` hang out '' to find out what they may . Julie quickly becomes reacquainted with an old boyfriend , Billy Waites -LRB- Josh Brolin -RRB- , who turns out to be involved with drugs , which are tied in to the shady dealings going down at the bar . Before it 's over , the `` squad '' is in it up to their necks , while also running afoul of a bunch of wrong cops who are also involved with the drugs , and consequently tied in with their investigation . From the beginning of the movie , there is a sense that you are coming in late ; as if it 's presupposed that you know what 's going on as far as the origin and workings of the squad . All you get here are brief mug-shot bios of the three that give you nothing more than a glimpse into their past ; there 's nothing about how this all actually came about . The thinking was probably that by doing it this way it would lead into the story quicker , get things moving along . While this is true to a certain extent , some added background would have made the texture of the story a bit more interesting ; the way it was done here merely depreciates the credibility of the entire proceedings . The plot is marginal to begin with , and any time spent on character development would have been well worth the while . What 's delivered , and quite unimaginatively at that , is a less than compelling story filled with one dimensional characters . The performances are satisfactory , but the actors get no help from the script , nor apparently from Silver ; Danes , Ribisi and Epps come close to fleshing out Julie , Pete and Linc , but given the time allotted them , combined with the lack of support , they still fall way short of giving these people life . Farina , a good actor who deserves better than what he gets here , comes off as nothing more than a caricature of the `` good cop . '' There 's a feeling that everything was given the once-over in this film ; some detail and nuance would have driven the stock up considerably on this one . The supporting cast includes Richard Jenkins -LRB- Detective Mothershed -RRB- , Steve Harris -LRB- Briggs -RRB- , Larry Brandenburg -LRB- Eckford -RRB- , Lionel Mark Smith -LRB- Lanier -RRB- and Sam McMurray -LRB- Tricky -RRB- . It 's a shame to see the acting talent involved here wasted like this ; a lot more thought and planning should have gone into the making of this movie . As it is , it comes across as ill-conceived and poorly executed . Danes , Ribisi and Epps are like Major Leaguers who got stuck playing for all the marbles at the local sandlot ; instead of getting a shot at the title , they all got hung out to dry . Like Terry says in `` On The Waterfront , '' `` You was my brother , Charlie , you shoulda been looking out for me . '' Well , it 's obvious that there was no Charlie to look out for them here , and after `` The Mod Squad , '' they can all just hope for something better to come along the next time .
 The mod squad gets started ` after ' the formation of the `` Mod Squad '' without even bothering to develop any of the characters or show us why anyone is doing what they are doing.Moreover , most of the events in the movie seem ancillary to the plot . Without even a smack of character development , the plot meanders from Gen-X club scenes to action scenes and back again .
 For those who do n't know , the premise of the TV show was that these three troubled kids had some attitude but were actually decent , sympathetic characters . And they had as their `` father figure '' , Captain Greer.Just copy that formula , with Clarie Danes -- who IS cute -- and bingo , instant hit.But no . First we kill off the guy who 's supposed to watch over them . Next , we make them unsympathetic slackers . Finally , add a dash of silly , dated dialog like `` Solid , man '' . -LRB- Which sounded ridiculous , even in the 60s , trust me -RRB- . I do n't know who Giovanni is but he should get some sleep and try breathing through his nose so he can close his mouth occasionally . Even when he is n't talking his mouth is open.Didn ' t they give any thought to the lack of chemistry between these actors -- and how unappealing they are in these roles ? I 'd send them back to prison .
 I ca n't believe this is from the screenwriter who brought us 8 MILE . The only reason this gets one star is because Claire Danes runs around in her underwear a lot and Giovanni Ribisis is entertaining as always and does what he can with what little he has to work with.Instead of a review I 'll give you a warning . This will be the most regretful hour and a half you 'll spend watching a movie in your entire life . It 's not as bad as THE MUSKETEER and the first TOMB RAIDER movie but it 's up there.F + -LRB- the plus is for Claire Daines who deserves better -RRB-
 `` The Mod Squad '' is a tired rehash of conventional action films , as though the producers had placed them all into a blender and pressed them out into a sub-cartoon , teenybopper formula . In general , I thought that it was a misfire , on account of its dull pace and dreary subject matter , not to mention the fact that it was disastrously aimed at an audience that would n't have probably been born in time to appreciate the 70s TV series !
 Hip young punks you ca n't help but hate , cardboard bad cops that get foiled by punks , and you know the whole story . A mind-numbing and tedious grind . The only reason it gets one star is for curing my insomnia .
 Mostly forgetable flick with no real target audience ... Ribisi once again desperately tries to be cool , and fails miserably.Claire Danes ' and Omar Epps ' considerable talents were wasted on this one .
 The original serious was pretty good . This 1999 movie was so painfully bad that it looks like it was the last thing the writer , Buddy Ruskin , the creator of the original series , ever did in show business . This flick is so godawful that I 'd rather watch a loop of Roseanne Barr singing the Star Spangled Banner.Co-producer Aaron Spelling must have been mortified at the final product .
 I faithfully watched The Mod Squad every day at 4pm in syndication in the 70 's . I loved the TV show . The characters were cool , believable , and `` solid '' . This attempt to revive interest failed miserably . The actors were boring , and seemed not to even try . The plot was confusing , and the producers , directors and writers made no attempt to remain faithful to the original storyline . Most of the newer movie versions of old shows at least tried . I found Dukes of Hazzard pretty good . I look forward to seeing `` Dallas '' in the theaters . -LRB- I think they should get Larry Hagman to play `` Jock '' ! -RRB- . But this `` movie '' does n't even deserve one star . It 's a shame because I would love to see The Mod Squad back in syndication . I hope the series comes out on DVD . Be cautious - watch the movie before you purchase .
 only point of interest is that Omar Epps is now pretty recognizable from his role on the TV show `` House '' . otherwise you may also be able to use it to play frisbee with your dog .
 This movie is quite possibly the worst one I 've seen all year . Please , pass it by . I 'm begging you . This movie ought not to have been made . If the computer would let me give it negative stars , I would .
 While Claire Danes is stunning in this slow , boring action flick , I found the film to be less than entertaining . The premise for `` The Mod Squad '' is excellent , and could have been just great , but the plot falls short of anything expected by the viewer . Although this movie is definitely not worth buying , it 's a good choice for video rental .
 And if it were n't for this fact , I would have turned this movie off 30 minutes into it . The cinematographer seems to have used Claire 's looks to greatest advantage in the movie , as you see lots of close-up shots of her , brooding.Giovanni Ribisi and Omar Epps spend most of the movie brooding , as well , and posing in scenes intended to make them look `` cool . '' Other than that , the plot is insipid , the overall look of this movie is quite grey , and the movie itself seems to be a disconnected series of scenes , moving from one to the next . In fact , the movie is quite hard to follow because the scenes are mostly disconnected from each other . Moreover , the overall feel of the movie is grim
 Amazing how so much action , noise , pulsing rock music and lively young actors can add up to such a dull movie . I rated it one star because Amazon wo n't allow Zero stars . This one is unwatchable , literally . Not even laughable so you ca n't sit there and mock it . It is just boring and dull . Rent anything else at all - you 're sure to like it better .
 Having watched the series The Mod Squad , i was very excited they was making a movie . The movie sucked big time . Nothing like the series , very boring and confusing . It could have been a whole lot better movie .
 When I heard they were doing a `` re-make '' of the ground-breaking , popular and critically-acclaimed Mod Squad tv show , I had a bad feeling about it . I decided to give it a shot , though . Big mistake . When about the only thing you keep from the original are the names , you know a movie is in trouble . They made Julie , who originally was very emotional and fragile , into a fistfighting brat , and turned the passionate Pete Cochran character into a clown and a moron . The director obviously had no regard for the original , which is too bad . The tv show Mod Squad was nominated for writing and acting Emmys ; it broke ground on subjects from racism , to abortion and sex education . The actors were top-notch . None of that can be said about the movie . My recomendation - skip the movie , and rent videos of the original !
 First of all , Peggy Lipton 's Julie would have whipped Claire Danes ' Julie two times over and thrice on Sunday . How such a cool TV show could go bad as a movie boggles the mind . Ribisi 's a great actor , but he 's totally miscast at Pete . Same goes for Omar - not the Linc I had in mind AT ALL !! Seriously , those of us who actually paid money to see this dribble were n't going in for Masterpiece Theatre . What we got was the thrill of telling everyone we know that we paid to see one of the worst films of all time . Yippee .
 What a dreary exercise this is ! When Hollywood adapts TV shows to the big screen it would help to have a decent script . It 's flicks like this that tanked M-G-M as a viable studio . The basic story comes from a cookie cutter involving corrupt cops , a prostitution ring , and stolen drugs from the police evidence room . There 's more originality in a typical episode of `` T.J. Hooker '' . The three young leads -LRB- Claire Danes , Omar Epps , Giovanni Ribisi -RRB- do their best to breathe life in this inert dreck to little avail . Dennis Farina as Captain Greer does himself a favor by dying early and not having to suffer the grind of being in the majority of this swill . Avoid this one at all costs . Noteworthy , if anybody cares , Dey Young who played Kate Rambeau in the cult classic `` Rock 'N' Roll High School '' appears briefly as Ribisi 's mother .
 The movie has its moments of genius and some very sad moments too . The opening credits seemed to have been very well done with the appearance that this would be a first rate horror movie , but the credit technique did n't match the film . One of the problems with the credits is that it had only 2 names -LRB- or so it seemed -RRB- that of Neil Johnson and Jane Rowland . The SF special effects were great , the horror special effects were stinkers.The movie is based on pop pseudo-science popularized by `` The 12th Planet '' -LRB- that guy is actually still around pushing this nonsense -RRB- . In this film , the ancient Nephilim send a meteor to earth with a device inside that does a lot of tele-creating / transporting stuff . The movie spends excessive amount of time with characters . There are 3 people who share a house . Travis Brown is a regular guy . Regis is a gay guy who wants Travis . Travis wants Marcia , a model who lives there also . Marcia would rather date Travis ' HS rival . There is also a Christian couple involved , one of which is a guy whose stutter was overdone until it was stupid.Better than most Brain Damaged films and it would be interesting to see what Neil could do with a budget . Certainly this is better than Peter Jackson 's first film.F-bomb , sex , nudity ?
 This movie was `` okay '' but if I had n't been from Hawaii , I doubt if it would have held my interest . If you are from Hawaii , do n't expect all the characters to be authentic - seems like they had mainland actors trying to act like locals . The acting and the script were sub-par . Fortunately , I watched on TV so I could turn away whenever the racing part was not on . Who wants to watch typical adolescent conversations if they can avoid it ? This is one of those stupid PG movies that will not hold an adult 's interest but they throw in some bad words and a middle finger so you would n't want your kids to watch it .
 this movie is dumb , but casey 's grea
 I 'm simply amazed at the reviews this film has received so far ; nearly 5 stars ??? You got ta be kidding!Race the Sun was quite a disappointment , considering the makeup of the cast
 This product is just a poor quality audio recording of three lectures , with a repeating sequence of still images for background . It would not be worth $ 1 for a download let alone $ 22 for the DVD .
 Just some audio . Boring discussion between some people while boring images are shown.This is not worth the money they are asking !!!
 I was a fan of Kurt Angle in the Olympics and hoped he would become and actor . He had the look and personality . Instead he went into WWE which was very disappointing.Kurt finally gets to act in End Game . Unfortunately it is just a low-quality home movie . The story could have been interesting and it could have been interesting to see Kurt play this kind of character , however , it is very amateurish and the production values are worse than porn.I was wondering how they got a name guy like Kurt Angle in this no budget movie so I did some research and apparently he made this with some friends from college.End Game is a very disappointing starring debut for Kurt Angle.By the way , they never even explained why he goes around killing women .
 I rented this movie to watch with my wife . We watched the first 20 minutes of the movie before turning it off . I had to write a review on this movie to stop anyone who did not want to waste valuable time in their life . It is the worst acting that I have ever seen . It has rated as number one on my list as the worst movie that I ever attempted to watch . The acting was SO horrible that it was funny . It did not take long to realize that this movie rates at a zero star rating . Do n't waste your money or precious momemts in life on this movie . I ca n't believe that anyone would waste a blank DVD to put this movie on . I am usually open minded on movies but this movie SUCKS !
 Astoundingly cheesy , lame and pathetic . And this coming on the heels of a previous review stating how much I enjoyed the films that had come out of the WWE . Guys like Steve Austin and Dwayne Johnson had dispelled the idea that wrestling types could be nothing more than cardboard caricatures.Sadly , this Kurt Angle vehicle proved that my original fears were , at least in this case , correct.This barely b-grade flick is evocative of the annual high school drama class production which we all cringed to watch in the school auditorium . ` End Game ' delivered the near-perfect symbiosis of stiff wooden acting , ridiculous score , horrific costume design , derivative cinematography , and a plot that must 've been written on the back of an IHOP menu.This pile of crap would 've made the Troma guys embarrassed and Golan & Globus of the Cannon Group gawk in stunned amazement.If you went to film school for exactly one day and quit - you 'd still have a leg up on Bruce Koehler , the hack that was given directorship of this cheapo monstrosity .
 A sadistic killer is on the loose and he 's very thorough about picking his victims and covering his tracks . After his first victim , he wipes out everyone else that ever knew her . If that at all sounds thrilling or interesting , that gets stomped out within the first minute.Former Olympic gold medalist , Kurt Angle is the star of this movie and his first line was , `` It 's cheap , so I can burry the body . '' That one line sums up the movie perfectly . This clearly looks like it was a college project on a $ 1,000 budget . The credits were over in 30 seconds.The blank expressions of the actors on the cover sum up the acting ability in this movie.Everyone is awkward and monotone . The best actor was a glorified extra with 4 lines . It 's obvious no one had any acting experience , which ca n't be true considering Kurt Angle has been on television every week for the past decade.This should have been a `` tour de force '' for Kurt . He gets to use disguises -LRB- one is a clown named Buffo -RRB- , different voices , and different tense situations when dealing with cops , his victims and the roommate of the first victim who gets targeted as `` the next victim . '' Unfortunately for Kurt 's acting career , it 's just like a mannequin with a different wig . Those tense moments I mentioned are never actually tense . It 's just another scene with a pair of mannequins standing there.Everyone that meets the killer seems to die ... People that knew the first victim , an office tryst . The detective 's wife is left alive . Kurt probably figured she 'd die of laughter when Kurt was dressed as Buffo the clown and said , `` Hello Mrs. Burke I was hired by your daughter 's dad Mr. Burke . `` When the detective 's daughter is kidnapped , the 6 year old just goes right along with it . She looked bored . Then when the killer murders someone right in front of her , there is zero reaction from the girl . They mention later she 's a special needs child , but in the end ... want to know who puts a stop to the killer by shooting him ??? I 'll spoil it . The 6 year old ! She was only in 4 scenes , one of which she was asleep.Maybe she had to do it , because there 's no one to cheer for in this movie . Your choices are the killer , `` the next victim '' who is a placeholder or the police detective that cheats on his wife with `` the next victim . '' `` The next victim '' is very gullible and she first meets the killer when he 's posing as a police detective with a trench coat disguise , and then meets him later at a bar . Maybe she was inebriated from drinking , but she ends up on a boat with him . It made me think how did we go from him meeting her at a bar to them vacationing on a boat with a man she just met ? A clever twist would have been that she agreed to it knowing he was the killer so she could get revenge on him for killing her roommate so she could sleep safe at night . The police protection she was under did n't seem to mean much anyway.The camera shots were LONG . Like one camera angle per 2 minutes . Because of this , it really felt like each scene had 2 actors standing around . That 's why all other movies have different angles like tight on this actor 's face , close up on that actor , have them walking as they 're talking , have a slew of extras to give a set life.Outside of the poorly delivered raunchy dialog in the first 4 minutes , there 's nothing to justify an R rating . Even the warning says `` BRIEF language . '' There 's no blood and even the strip club scene leaves everything to your imagination .
 KURT ANGLE ROCKS ... us to sleep with his Van Diesel impersonation . The movie starts out with a great blues soundtrack and a dive hotel . I am thinking a classic Sam Spade type movie . Our villain , Kurt Angle , a WWE wrestler , is by far the best actor in this film , which should give you a heads up . The `` actor '' who played the cop was so bad it was comical . The movie starts out with Kurt handcuffing his `` date '' to a bed then taking her from behind while suffocating her with his paw . At this point he eludes the cops who are extremely stupid . Kurt wears a peel off mask to disguise himself , but the effect is so poor , he really does n't look much different with the mask on , less so than C. Kent and Superman . The dumb married cop has an affair with the victim 's roommate who ends up kidnapped herself . Meanwhile Kurt goes on a killing spree . While there are many sexual situations , there is no nudity , even in the strip joint , where customers at this Pittsburgh bar are satisfied to see women strip down to their undergarments . The only decent dialogue was when the cop was investigating the murder at the dive hotel and talks to the manager . Cop
 Remember the kind of porn they made back in the early days of video ? Actors who could n't say `` hello '' and make it sound convincing ; sets that looked like they were built in the corner of somebody 's garage ; sound quality that was n't ; clumsy camera angles that left actors stranded in midrange trying to look natural ; dumb dialog ; cheap music ; lighting that simulated the effect of overhead florescent tubes in a Chinese laundry ? Well if you 're nostalgic for all that , this is the movie for you . But unlike the old porn , there 's no nudity , no hard core ... anything but hard core boredom . Truly the most amateurish piece of movie-making I 've ever seen ... I gave up after about 20 minutes . And , no , do n't tell me it might have gotten better . One does n't have to eat an entire boiled egg to know that it 's rotten . I would have given this pathetic excuse for a movie no stars at all but there does n't seem to be a way to do that . BE WARNED !
 Plan 9 From Outer Space had been crowned the worst movie ever made . END GAME , incredulsy , has dethroned and detrashed Plan 9 . Wooden hesitant acting , plodding pace and an inane story caused me to END GAME early .
 If I could give it less than 1 star , I would . The actors are bad , the sound quality is bad , the lighting is bad , the camera angles are bad . I ca n't think of a stronger adjective than bad or I 'd use that . This is the absolute worst movie I 've ever tried to watch . I ca n't even finish it because it is that horrible . It 's like it was made by high schoolers with their mom 's video camera . I ca n't believe I wasted a dollar on this movie !
 The worst movie I 've ever seen . What a waste . I wonder how much money they spend on making this movie . May be they made this movie only for fun and did n't give a s __ t of the outcome .
 This was the most poorly made movie i think i have ever seen ... . Well we got through about 13 min of the movie and then gave up . I think they had one camera for the entire filming so you only see one angle , as if the tapped the camera to a spot and left it in one view . Also the acting made me feel like I was watching a highschool theatre show . this movie gets a negative one star !
 I watched this with my son and we both hated it.Worst Acting Ever.Really Bad Movie .
 This movie is terrible ! I rented it and watched about five minutes before turning it off . It should be a crime to sell movies this bad . It looks like someone recorded it with a home movie camera . And the acting is the worst I 've ever heard . I could make a better movie than this , and I have no experience with making movies . I 'm not exaggerating .
 This movie was very boring . Totally wasted my time and money . I do not recommend it at all . Do n't waste your money on it .
 Horrible acting , horrible producing , horrible effects ... the ghost was a JOKE ! This was such a waste , fast forwarded through most of it !
 this movie was aweful , at least the daughter was good looking , i lost intrest after about 5 min , total waste of money
 I was scared when my remote could not shut this movie off . I must of hit stop three time . I guess I need new batteries .
 just a dumb plot line full of incest and murder . Sorry , there is not much more to say about it .
 I am so sorry I bought this DVD ... very long and boring movie . Save your money ! It was late at night and I bought this on a sudden impulse . I wish I had read the reviews ... some okay reviews , but some not so good . Nothing chilling about movie at all .
 I did n't much care for the movie . This was no reflection on Barabara Stanwyck 's acting or the director ... they held it together . It was just a poorly written script .
 Tom Biscardi has been involved in three major hoaxes regarding bigfoot the most recent being the Georgia hoax . This whole `` documentary '' is one big pat on the back to him . I would not reccomend this to anyone and I hope this gets removed from Amazon soon . He is a joke .
 I guess it 's true about curiosity kills the cat . I had to watch this DVD just out of curiosity because I had heard that even though it 's a film with T.B. in it it was pretty well made . The only reason I even gave it 2 stars was because of the witness stories , and even a couple of those seem staged . It really is n't that much different from the stuff on tv . The crew starts getting activity and they leave the area the next day ... I do n't understand it . The hand of unknown origin has already been proven to be a bear paw so I do n't know why they keep shopping this around as an unknown creatures hand . I actually feel kind of guilty for even wasting the 1.99 that I spent to rent it . Only watch if you truly need to know what this is all about , but you really do n't get any new information and a couple of fake pictures . Proceed with caution .
 Was the movie thought provoking ? Yes . Were there good actors ? Yes . But this film studio should have hired a better editor ... or an editor at all . Apparently , this was such a work of love from the film maker , he could n't stand to cut a minute of what he considered a masterpiece . Two an a half hours ? It could have been an hour and made its point !
 Thought this would be a really good thought provoking movie but I found it to be slow and filmed for a cult following maybe , it did n't ever catch me enough to keep me interested .
 Very boring . Nobody like Anna Paquin 's character can exist in real life ; strictly a stereotype . Paquin is very good , this movie 's only redeeming feature .
 Unfortunately my husband and I could n't even make it through this movie . We kept looking at each other and asking , `` Where is this going ? '' I could n't recommend this one .
 First of all - surprise ! - the Theatrical Cut is superior to the Director 's cut , which feels like an early assembly full of sloppy editing and unnecessary longeurs . One wonders if Fox released this version simply to embarass Lonergan , following their high profile falling-out ... Quite possible . In any case , that the director had to borrow $ 1m to complete the editing of his version is a wastefulness to rival Lehman Brothers -LRB- an NYU student could 've done a better job on their laptop for a dime -RRB- . As for the film itself - surprise again - it fails to live up to the hype . Lonergran is actually an okay writer , his characterizations frank and three dimensional , and his narrative is compelling enough on first viewing , if unsubtle . Perhaps a great director , a Malick or a Scorsese , or indeed an Antonioni -LRB- whose work this superficially resembles -RRB- , could 've delivered something genuinely profound here . Sadly , in Lonergan 's inexperienced directoial hands , Margaret never rises above the level of an upmarket cable movie-of-the-week , a splurge of uber-bland coverage and histronic performances , poorly paced and further weighed down by a portenious score , cliched use of slow-motion and an unjustified air of self-importance . Ruffalo and Damon meanwhile are wasted in tangential roles , although it must be said that Jean Reno delivers his strongest performance in years , albeit again only playing a minor character.The final result then is little more than tiring Oscar-bait of the Crash variety and , in a strong year for American cinema , there 's no need to waste your time with this
 This unduly long film is sufficiently amorphous and thematically uncertain that it lends itself to a variety of interpretations . I suspect that whoever edited it was as confused as I was as to what was going on and why some of the characters were inserted . Yes , life is complex and defies easy summary in the form of a convenient narrative , but this movie takes off in too many directions with too little coherence to make it honestly interpretable as a cinematic whole . Maybe if I had read Gerard Manley Hopkins ' poem `` Margaret '' immediately before viewing this DVD by the same name I would have had a ready-made point of departure for making sense of some of it , but that really should n't be necessary . `` Margaret '' the film should speak for itself a lot more clearly than it does.Coming of age is painful , episodic , fraught with fits and starts , nonlinear , and unpredictable . Sometimes it takes an horrific turn , assuring an unnaturally difficult maturation process , as with Lisa , `` Margaret 's '' main character . It seemed to me , however , that Lisa was never so willfully oblivious and callow that she needed this sort of shock to jump-start her movement toward maturity . She may have been a bit self-absorbed and arrogant , but her biography as we knew it seemed to assure that she had experienced her share of bumps , bruises , indifference , disappointment , and betrayal , and that a more privileged and insulated protagonist would have better filled her role . Yes , she lived an upper middle class life in an upper middle class world , but whatever smugness she had left could have been remedied with something less destructive than post-traumatic stress disorder . No , there are no guarantees that we 'll get what we need and deserve , or what seems fitting , but scars inflicted on smooth skin seem more telling for the viewer than scars inflicted on scars . Too much of the latter and we do n't come of age , we simply fail to thrive at all.Lisa 's mother was portrayed very effectively by J. Cameron Smith , but she seemed as confused and unfinished as her daughter . Lisa 's father was a remote and determinedly ineffectual figure whose blandness made lack of affect seem like a dynamic phenomenon . Her younger brother appeared on screen occasionally , but his character remained completely undeveloped , making one wonder why he was there . Jean Reno 's Colombian businessman , who courted Lisa 's mother throughout most of the movie , seemed as inept and unconcerned as Lisa 's father , making one wonder if her mother was somehow drawn to expressionless , self-centered bores . Matt Damon and Matthew Broderick had thankless roles as more or less adequate teachers , though Broderick 's inability to anticipate and handle out-of-the-ordinary student responses would puzzle anyone who has taught for even a few years -- it comes with the territory . Jeannie Berlin does a great caricature of a middle-aged , single , Manhattan Jew with time on her hands . New York is impersonal , drab , dirty , glitzy , cultured , cruel , and is given entirely too much cinematic attention . We get it ! Enough!Lisa is confused , disappointed , frustrated , seductive , guilt-ridden , naive , spoiled , an easy mark , awkward , attractive , obsessive , annoying , angry , troubled , destructive , and , I suppose , working toward adulthood . Most people are most or all of these things at one time or another over the course of a lifetime . But all in one film ? Anna Paquin is undeniably talented and does the best she can , but it 's an awful lot to ask of one actor in one movie , especially when the script dictates a startlingly ambiguous and lame ending , one that suggests the author finally ran out of steam but made sure to do so in an obscure and pretentious fashion.Life is hard . It takes an act of bad faith to represent that fact in an histrionic , overwrought , idiosyncratically artsy and artificial way . Maybe that 's why thinking about this film makes me angry .
 I rented this based on the good reviews and the strength of the cast in spite of knowing very little about the film . Thankfully I had a $ 5 credit so at least I ca n't say I wasted the money but it 's a waste of time . It 's listed as released in 2011 but filmed around 2005 . Apparently issues with the director not being able to produce a final cut which lead to legal actions and eventually had the studio bring in Martin Scorsese to help with editing . In my opinion the issues showed , the flow was not there making the already LONG movie seem even longer . I never found find myself sympathizing with the main character nor was I drown into her `` inner turmoil '' . Maybe that was the point.This is clearly a love it or hate it movie , not much in between . I fall well into the latter . For those who loved , great , you clearly see something in it that I do n't .
 I found the first hour of the movie good but then it just seemed to drag on . There was alot of parts in the movie that just did not seem to fit in .
 I get it
 I di n't like this movie at all . The story line would have worked , except that the main character , Margaret , was so hormonal and shallow that she ruined the movie for me .
 It is just too sad that such a good story ends up with typical Hollywood spin on current affairs.It feels like producers want to make us all guilty for whatever happening in the world.The world of teenager , selfish but at least she finds peace at the end . I knew how it ends 40 min . before . What a waste of good acting .
 I got this movies because it got good reviews from the majority of people and I saw the trailer . It looked like it would be a very good movie . It started out really good but then went nowhere . Too much time was spent fighting and arguing in the movie . It started to bore me .
 The 2011 movie `` Margaret '' DVD/Blu-Ray Combo is unreasonably priced . The new is almost 1000 $ and the used it 129.99 $ . There has to be a mistake somewhere in this otherwise it would be absolutly senseless to buy a DVD at that price no matter how good it is . I hope that it is merely a mistake
 I found the movie slow and boring . The story just did n't grab me . I 'll leave the explanation of how well the movie portrayed the affect of the accident on Margaret but it just lost me . It 's not that I do n't like `` movies of substance '' but I just found this one forgettable . Lots of scenes of Margaret screaming at her mother , other teens , other women in the movie . I found myself wishing it would just end sooner .
 The main character is arrogant and a brat . Pay attention to the way she talks . What high school student talks like that ? I hate when they make students or even adults have a dialouge that never would happen
 I bought this BLU RAY movie because of the glowing and universally positive reviews of the EXTENDED CUT . Of course , the EXTENDED CUT is not on BLU RAY is it ? No , it is surprisingly on an additional STANDARD DVD while the theatrical version is on the superior BLU RAY . Thanks Amazon , thanks a lot .
 Me and my husband did not even finish the movie ... That 's how bad it sucked.We will never watch it again . I wish I would know who rate that movie so high ...
 Just never had legs . Would like a refund and my time back . I love the lead actress in True Blood . Her part just came off as whiny and unbelievable .
 The self-centered personality of the main character became progressively more difficult for this viewer to endure to the film 's conclusion . Her acting may have been very good , but if the result of her talents is principally to annoy the viewer , I think the film was a waste of time and effort . The film was not enjoyable because its significant characters were all portrayed as miserable people with few redeeming qualities because the story allowed for none better .
 Avoid this movie at all costs ! The anti-heroine is completely not credible as a high school junior , and the moral issues raised by the initial accident are never even remotely resolved . And , you will fall deeply asleep waiting for all of this to be worked out by a director who never figured out what sort of movie he was making . I want my money back !
 Boring and not worth renting . It did not peak my interest . Kept waiting for the movie to get better . Poor acting , lacked excitement , story line was n't anything terrific .
 DO NOT READ THIS REVIEW IF YOU DO NOT WANT TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENS ... A woman inadvertently distracts a bus driver into running a red light and kills a woman , and somehow believes that this was just his fault , and wants him to get fired from his job . She originally lied about what happened , and later tries to change her story with the police . The police do nothing , and I do n't blame them . It was still an accident that she in part caused . She gets a lawyer with the help of the dead lady 's friend . They somehow manage to get money from the bus companies insurance to a person that was related to the deceased but had nothing to do with her until money was mentioned . The bus company will not fire the bus driver which was her main intention . She gets angry and then the show ends . 90 % of the characters in the movie have NOTHING to do with the plot , and is confusing to what part they even played in the movie . This movie is at the top of my list for all time worst movies I 've ever seen , PERIOD .
 Depressing and annoying . This movie is too much like real life . It reminds me of the worst times of my life . Watch something uplifting rather than this ...
 I saw this in a theater , so it 's possible that the directors cut is worth a look , but I doubt it . I 'm amazed by the positive reviews the film has received . This is easily one of the ten worst films I 've ever seen . It had no flow , bogged down by scenes that go nowhere , behaviors that are never explained and the editing was so bad that in one scene , I thought the projector broke . Run , do n't walk , away from this film .
 I can not get this DVD to play on any of my 4 DVD players in the house . Not sure what is wrong but I need to send this back for a replacement or refund . That 's why it gets a one = star .
 i just finished watching this on AMAZON demand . when i heard about it i was so looking forward to it . because i lovethe actors -LRB- mark ruffalo and matt damon -RRB- i even looked for it at BEST BUY . but instead i watched it . there is one thingi liked about the movie the actress who played EMILY was great and mark ruffalo was good too . what was the point of themother being a actress ? ... what was the point of the man she was dating ? . sorry but the character LISA was a brat , she mademe want to slap her face . i know the bus driver was wrong for not watching the street . but this little self absorbedbrat was all about wanting his cowboy hat . `` excuse me why i chase down this bus driver and ask him where he got hiscowboy hat ... i just can not live without it '' sorry little biotch but you were just as to blame and she was soset on getting him fired , yes he was wrong but at least he was working and supporting a family , while this littletease was so `` wah wah - cry baby about her poor life '' I COULD NOT STAND THIS CHARACTER OF LISA . SHE WAS a tease , ungrateful , and totally selfish . i am so glad mark ruffalo had a small but excellent part . and matt damon 's characterwas just plain stupid , all this idotic people making the wrong choices and just screwing up thier lives . what was upwith the classroom scenes ? what was up with all the landscape scenes of NEW YORK '' i could not stand the mother and knew themovie was gon na blow when all these dumb people were in the restaraunt impersonating shirley temple . to me it could havebeen a good idea but the writer and producer just was all over the place . i love `` YOU CAN COUNT ON ME '' = one of my favoritemovies and the writer and director also wrote this hot mess i just watched . '' YOU CAN COUNT ONE ME '' was real , i reallyloved the simple story of the character ; s lives . i am writing this review so happy i did not buy this stupid lamemovie !
 I only rented this movie because it got a somewhat positive score on MetaCritic at 61 . It is the last time I 'll watch something that gets less than a 70 . The lead actress was terrible ... she 's 30 years old playing a 16 year old - how stupid does Hollyweird think the public is?The answer is very if you watch the movie !
 While I like the True Blood series , I have never been a fan of Paquin . I thought maybe it was poor writing on the show , but nope this movie proves she can not act .
 * Spoilers * I do n't understand how there are positive reviews about this movie ! It was the biggest waste of time I have ever spent ! I started watching this last night and got so bored I stopped it and had to finish it today . Yes , the acting was good , but the story was lacking and then there was the pointless landscape views . I did n't watch this movie to take a tour of New York City landscape , yet that is what I felt like I was doing . Some people might be moved by the story ... but I was not ! And the fact that in the end nothing was even accomplished , the guy did n't even get fired , made it so much worse because there was n't a `` end product '' that I could enjoy . Instead it just ends with Lisa and her mom crying . Such a lame movie ! Seriously , do n't waste your time !
 While well acted by Paquin , this film was grossly overwrought and narcissistic journey in self-importance by the director , a one Kenneth Lonnergan . Definitely a New York art house film . It 's the type of picture that leaves the critics -LRB- and wan na be critics -RRB- cheering and everyone one else leaving the theatre saying `` WTF ? `` The other reviews will tell you the plot , so I wo n't waste your time with that repetitive nonsense . What I will tell you is that this film was in desperate need of an editor . It was Shakespeare that once said -LRB- as Polonius in Hamlet -RRB- that `` brevity is the soul of wit '' . If that is the case , this is truly a very dim-wited picture . At 2 1/2 hours long , this could have been neatly trimmed to to an hour and 45 and been a much better product . Instead we are left with endless minutes of panoramic views of the New York skyline and of people walking down the street . For what !? The movie takes place in New York , I get that , next scene please . What makes matters even worse is that the film was actually over 3 hours long but Fox had to fight for 5 years to edit it down to 150 minutes . And no , Michael Cimino had nothing to do with its production.To give to some cred , Ana Paquin did a superb job playing a spoiled , emotionally immature , narcissistic and frankly cruel teenager . Hard to believe she was 23 or so at the time of filming . And while the supporting cast did a fine job in displaying mostly dislikable people , their efforts were wasted in this muddy production . And this is AFTER , Fox Searchlight called in Martin Scorsese and others to edit down to 150 min during its 5 year legal limbo . Oy vey !
 I 'm wondering if people see this film as a mockery -LRB- even a self-mockery -RRB- of the Irish ? Expect all the usual stereotypes and lame jokes . I guess what I found so disheartening is the constant drunkeness of the pregnant girl . I 'd hate to think young women might think this is a healthy thing to do for their unborn child . As for the film itself , Colm Meaney was good as the caring father , the rest of the cast were flat and two-dimensional . I rented it for a dollar . It was worth all of that .
 Personally , I thought this movie was dark and depressing . It is the story of a 20-year old Irish woman who , after a night of drinking , is `` taken advantage of '' by a man so inappropriate , she 's ashamed to admit that he 's the father of her baby-to-be . Tina Kellegher 's performance was very good , but could have been better if they 'd given her character a little bit of depth . She comes off as very irresponsible and shallow , and she does n't seem to learn from her mistakes . I agree with the other reviewer who wrote that Colm Meaney provided an excellent portrayal of a concerned and good-hearted father , but the rest of the cast was practically non-existent - especially the young woman 's mother , who shows very little concern or interest in the pregnancy whatsoever -LRB- mainly because her character is so underdeveloped in the movie -RRB- . For a TV movie , this is very watchable . For a DVD , it 's a waste of money . If you 're looking for a laugh , look somewhere else .
 I like offbeat films , but this one is vastly over-rated . Any comedy in this movie is swallowed by the tragedy . Could barely stand to finish it . Stick with Waking Ned Devine .
 We bought this movie after reading all the glowing reviews , and wonder now if the reviewers were actually referring to the same movie ! We found `` The Snapper '' a major disappointment , and actually threw it away after watching it once . We 'd never want to sit through it again , nor would we recommend it to anyone , so we just pitched it . It took us two sittings just to get through the movie at all -- we all fell asleep about halfway through the first time . Yes , it was heartwarming that the family stuck together and celebrated this new little life , but so what ? None of the characters made us care about them particularly , as they showed little depth . The girl 's father was implausibly supportive , her mother was strange , the baby 's father was totally disgusting , and the girl was just plain silly and stupid . From now on , we 'll go back to renting before buying . This was a total waste of time and money .
 I was dissappointed in the poor grainy quality of this DVD . It even froze at one point in the movie . Very unsatisfied considering the money I spent for it .
 The video quality is quite poor on this season . Someone did not encode this properly for digital playback . The picture becomes fragmented and filled with lines when the motion is fast on the screen . Google Deinterlacing if you want to know more . I bought the first season for on demand viewing , and returned it because it was so distracting.Good news is that season 2 is encoded correctly , and plays beautifully . If they would re-encode season 1 I would buy it again ... hint hint , Amazon .
 I love the concept of this show , and it should have been better . But the first episode , with Alexis Arquette as the &#34; celebrity &#34; client set a very awkward tone , and it does not get much better than that . I love decorating , and I love competition shows , so this is disappointing for me . HGTV Next Design Star does it better .
 The subject of this `` documentary , '' Bjrn Lomborg , controlled the final cut of this film . Since when does a legitimate documentary allow its subject to determine what does and does not go into the film ? If you want proof , check out my story about meeting Lomborg and the film 's director at -LSB- ... -RSB- . The piece also contains links to a site that documents numerous factual errors and instances of plagiarism in Lomborg 's film and books .
 XXXXX `` We should not just solve a problem if the cost of solving that problem will be even greater than the problem itself . `` The above comes from this documentary featuring Bjorn Lomborg . According to this film , Lomborg is the author of the best-seller `` The Skeptical Environmentalist '' -LRB- 2001 -RRB- and the organizer of the `` Copenhagen Consensus '' -LRB- a project that seeks to establish monetary priorities for advancing global welfare using methodologies based on the theory of welfare economics -RRB- . The problem mentioned in the above quotation is climate change or , as the media likes to call it , `` global warming . '' -LRB- Lomborg admits that global warming is real , a serious problem , and that it 's caused by humans . -RRB- Viewing this film , one might get the impression that this film is based on the best-seller mentioned above . NO . The DVD case also does n't mention any actual titled book.This documentary is actually based on Lomborg 's book `` Cool it '' -LRB- 2007 -RRB- . I found it interesting that this book is not mentioned anywhere in this documentary . In Amazon 's `` editorial review '' for this film -LRB- shown above -RRB- , it seems that Amazon 's editors think it 's based on Lomborg 's best-seller . -RRB- This entire film gives a one-sided presentation based on Lomborg 's personal point of view.In the first third of the film , a few of the topics discussed are : Scenes from Lomborg 's life , the Copenhagen Consensus , the Danish Committee for Scientific Dishonesty case , Lomborg and his mother , and Lomborg 's travels.For this part of the film , I found it quite interesting that we 're not told who Lomborg is . Perhaps he 's an economist ? NO . Perhaps he 's a scientist ? NO . In Amazon 's `` editorial review '' for this film -LRB- shown above -RRB- , Lomborg is cited as a `` Danish scientist . '' In fact , Lomborg 's main credential is that he has a Ph.D. in political `` science . '' I also found it quite interesting that we 're not told anything about Lomborg 's lifestyle.In the second third , some of the topics covered include : Cap and trade invites corruption , poor people in developing countries , children in a rich country , fear , predicting the future , alarmist propaganda -LRB- especially from Al Gore and friends -RRB- regarding sea level rise , hurricanes , malaria , polar bears , and light bulbs . Cap and trade , also called emissions trading , is a market-based approach used to control pollution by providing economic incentives for achieving reductions in the emissions of pollutants . -RRB- I found for this part that Lomborg 's explanations were either to simplified , overly optimistic , not true , not based on science , a distortion of the facts , or exaggerated.In this part of the film Lomborg brings in what he considers to be experts on global warming . One of these experts who he brings in several times is octogenarian Freeman Dyson . You would think Dyson is a respected , top-rated climatologist . NO . Dyson is a British-born American theoretical physicist and mathematician , famous for work in quantum field theory , solid-state physics , and nuclear engineering.Some of the topics covered in the last third of this documentary include : Solar energy , wind power , more on the Copenhagen Consensus , energy storage , nuclear power , wind energy , adaptation , and geo-engineering -LRB- or , more accurately , climate engineering -RRB- . In my opinion , it 's worth seeing this part of the documentary but you still have to be wary of what Lomborg says.Finally , there are many claims throughout this film about costs and benefits . Lomborg states them as if he knows for certain what the costs will be many decades in the future . But nobody can predict these with precision . Lomborg tries to tell the viewer that he knows the exact answers , and avoids telling us that there 's a wide range of estimates.In conclusion , this documentary presented by political scientist Bjorn Lomborg is only really interesting in its last third . -LRB- 2010 ; 1 hr , 30 min ; wide screen ; 2 extras ; 12 scenes -RRB- < < Stephen Pletko , London , Ontario , Canada >> XXXXX
 I will preface my review with some background . When I watched Al Gore 's film An Inconvenient Truth , and being an Environmental Studies student , I believed every bit of it at the time . At least until some questions started coming up a few years later . For one thing , I wondered , why were politicians and the media now asking the everyday `` Joe '' to cut down on his or her `` carbon footprint '' instead of actually addressing the root of the problem , such as , getting us onto cleaner and more efficient sources of energy such as solar or wind instead of oil ? Upon further research it became apparent -LRB- and an obvious `` duh ! '' moment -RRB- that plants need CO2 to breath so why is CO2 now considered such a deadly toxin ? And how did the issue change from CFC 's destroying the ozone layer as being the primary reason for global warming to the current emphasis on CO2 emission causing a greenhouse effect that leads to global warming ? There were just too many questions , not enough answers , and that , along with the media blitz that includes ridiculous scare tactics and name calling caused me to second guess the Gore film -LRB- for examples on this see the commercial with the classroom children who were not conforming to current global warming belief norms so they got blown up with blood spattered everywhere , also if you do n't follow the new norm of global warming belief you are now considered a `` global warming denier '' - a obviously insulting and very inappropriate holocaust reference -RRB- . Fast forward to this film Cool It . My initial impression is that for the most part I liked the film . It seemed to be a good counter balance to Gore 's film , with some insight into the questions I 've been pondering . It reaffirmed some of the doubts I was already having and provide some possibly more legitimate solutions to the problem . So far so good . Why 2 stars then ? Because there is a big problem with the fact that this film heavy promotes geo-engineering as a likely solution . Right now we are having enough problems with geo-engineering as it is with low altitude spraying that is coming under huge opposition by the general public -LRB- the LBAM - Light Brown Apple Moth spraying in California and possibly elsewhere -RRB- as well as the higher altitude spraying known as persistent contrails or `` Chemtrails '' . If you are not familiar with Chemtrails let me assure you this is not a conspiracy theory - just watch the films Do n't Talk About The Weather or What In The World Are They Spraying ? that you can watch for free on Google Video or YouTube and you will see all you need to know about why the government should not be conducting any additional geo-engineering projects.In sum , Cool It provided a bit more of a fair and balanced response to what has become Gore 's propaganda piece An Inconvenient Truth . More level-headed coverage , insight , and possibly more realistic solutions to our energy problems are included here , but the emphasis on geo-engineering as one of these solutions was the turd in the punchbowl for this film - it ruined the message .
 To propose fooling with weather systems as a potential solution for climate change demonstrates how short circuited the reason is of this anti-alarmist . Nature works in synergy with complex and subtle dynamics that took millions of years to perfect. ; experimenting with the weather is precarious since our technology is only about 150 years old . . He is intelligent enough to know his field and the film demonstrates this but does not validate him . . I would n't buy a car from a salesman with his flies undone let alone a mummy 's boy who cant resist letting the world know by slipping her into a documentary . It is plain wierd and how many public figures do it ? Joe Wright the director is the only other that comes to mind -LRB- Atonement commentary -RRB- . This man is determined to shine whatever his field.Global warming is a very complex issue and of course there will be flaws and contradiction in how to address it scientifically or otherwise ; of course he can find a niche but that does n't make him useful to the problem . The world does not need one more idiot saying its all containable . The only way is to regulate how irresponsible corporations practise profit with a short - sighted view of repercussions because they heavily influence the policys of goverments behind the scenes.This is the elephant in the room before the mess can be cleaned up . More funding would help untangle but not with laissez-faire of denial .
 That 's pretty much all it is . The substance is all lost while he whines that nobody likes him and talks about how great he is .
 This is completely biased and based on comments from authors not scientists about MAN MADE GLOBAL WARMING . This is the best example on how Oil and Gas companies see the real problem , but this film ca n't change the science or what 's happening . We already started seeing its effects but we will keep debating until we come to point where we can not reverse -LRB- irreversible chain reaction -RRB- .
 The story idea is lame to start with . It 's already been done in various formats before . The animation was too choppy . -LRB- I 'm aware it was made that way to start with . -RRB- The opening gave no idea of what was happening and the viewer is slammed into the middle of something that seemed to have nothing to do with the opening sequence . If your going to create a test film , it should at least be better than something I can pull up on u-tube . Take a look at VODO movies . Many of those were done by people that have far less money available to them than Amazon and they 've done a much better job . I could n't watch much more than the first few scenes as the jumpy action and disjointed aspect of the thing just made me lose interest .
 No , I would not see this in a theater nor would I spend the money to rent it . I would watch it for free on Netflix or on Amazon.It 's rather creative to be sure but the quality of the voice actors leaves something to be desired.Must be my connection speed because it seemed choppy but maybe that is how it 's supposed to be.I do n't know.Kudos to the writer . Sorta been done before but never like this.Thought it was going to be live action . Guess I was wrong .
 Not really understanding all these amazon studios movies , I ca n't ever bring myself to watch more than 10 minutes of any of them . Of course I 'm not an anime film fan either nor do I watch cartoon movies , maybe that has something to do with it . I just hate when I go to look at the latest new releases on amazon prime , it 's always just filled with these movies . Is that a way they can try to say they are always bringing new content or something ?
 I was hoping the first Amazon test movie I watched was just a bad example . This one was even worse . I know this is a pre-production test , but I 'm vague on what it is I 'm supposed to like about it . The animation was so bad it was distracting . The voice actors lacked presence . I 'm sure there was supposed to be a plot , but I was so put off by everything else I did n't stick around long enough to find out .
 This movie was a bad idea from the onset . Poor animation of a poorly written graphic novel . Likely better as a proper comic book .
 Cartoons need to be seen on Saturday mornings . What is the point of all the full feature cartoons ? At least you do not have to pay live actors .
 This is joke , right ? It 's not really animated , and the voices have such a Gee-Whiz intonation that it 's fair to say that it 's not really acted . `` Meh '' would be a compliment .
 I like the format and animations for these Amazon test movies , but this script was pretty badly done . This is basically a mash up of the x-men and a psycho-drama serial killer movie . Considering the experimental nature of the Amazon studios project I would expect more daring plots and storytelling .
 I did n't realize going in that the whole thing was ... not even sure what that was . Not animated , really . It was as if someone had taken drawings and made a movie out of them , and not even from a good graphic novel . I could n't get past that and the dialogue was stilted and predictable-what little I listened to . Others may find this interesting ; after all , we all have different tastes , but it 's not for me . At all .
 2012NR
 I found the film uninteresting . The animation is what really got me . If the plan was to go ahead with the movie I 'd say get graphics like the Watchmen or 300 had or get real people . I could n't get past the animation even for a beginner it would be better as a free movie than going to screen .
 I really tried to like this video , but it 's not my style . I am not a fan of animated adult-themed presentations . I find it distracting . Video could use a bit more fine tuning and editing .
 It sounds like I 've heard this plot before . May be it 's a combination of several old ones.The mechanism of the powers was all over the place . If someone has a power -LRB- ability -RRB- even if they do n't completely understand it , they know how to use it . Like driving a car , you do n't have to understand how it works but you know how to make it go . It appeared that no two people had the same power and they were all useful . That does n't sound right.The FBI would not be the organization to do this type of thing . It should be just a non-descript -LRB- mysterious -RRB- agency.The subjects are treated like Pavlow 's dogs .
 my opinion of this trial movie has been requested ... i provide it here , and gratis -LRB- amazon , be grateful -RRB- ... no one this side of a death wish would even consider translating this abomination into a feature ... ciao .
 Ummmm ... I am sorry I could not get past the visual enough to watch the movie - The visual stopped me from even wanting to listen to the dialogue . Reading the premise I felt it sounded like it might be entertaining .
 Very flat , choppy and boring sadly . The concept I thought would be interesting , but the stick figures take away from the story line . It opens the door though for 8-12 yr olds looking to take their imagination and graphic abilities to a creative level . Would never purchase the video or pay to own it .
 I lasted for about ten minutes before I moved on . To be polite , it looks like an edgy idea that did n't execute well .
 dude is n't funny ! wish i never wasted $ 15.99 on this dvd , i could 've bought toilet paper , or anything else.if you want it , i 'll send it to you free of charge ... the look on he 's face ... says it all .
 Stopped watching after 3 minutes . Like most jokes about white people , his were n't funny . The stereotypical white person voice has to die already .
 WHEN I RECEIVED THE CD I WAS SO EXCITED TO OPEN IT AND WATCH IT , BUT WHEN I OPENED IT THERE WAS NO CD .
 If you are a Bruce Bruce fan ... I would highly recommend that you do not pick this dvd up because you will turn in your Bruce Bruce card !! I love this dude but `` WOW '' ... this routine sucked !! Alot of the jokes were recycled ... he was not up on his game on this one ... maybe he needs to gain weight again !!
 I 've seen much better and funnier performances from Bruce Bruce . This one is NOT even close . Do n't waste your money , wait for it in cable or some other venue , you 'll be glad you did .
 For those people watching this for fun , sure the movie might be okay . For those of us who knew some of the people involved , the movie is very far from the truth . The actors and actresses did good jobs , but they were not casted very good and did not portray the actually people . Did have some truth to the story , but there was also a lot missing .
 This is not a vampire movie.It is the story of a repressed boy who kills out of boredom .
 This movie was bad . The acting of the main male vampire was so lame , he looked like he was trying too hard . The rest of the `` vampire clan '' was ok , with the exception of the main female character IMO she acted well . The parents were also bad . The only reason why I watched this movie was because it is based on a true story . The movie does n't explain very much at all . I would have liked to know more , like why did they think they were vampires , why did they follow this lame guy around , etc. . Do not watch this movie , I suspect reading about the real story would be more interesting .
 Note
 Poor script and terrible acting which only served to drive this stinker further into the grave . The long and short of it is it 's a vampire movie with no bite !
 First I 'd like to say that , not only is this movie as low budget as it get 's , the dvd format used does n't even work in all dvd players . Luckily I rented this before I bought it , and was able to get my money back . If you want a movie that is sumized in ten minutes but then takes the rest of the movie to replay that ten minutes over and over and over ... . then this is the movie for you . This makes `` The Blair Witch Project '' look like the best movie ever made . It felt like I was watching a really , really long episode of `` Unsolved Mysteries '' . If this rating system had negative stars I would give it a negative 5 stars .
 In 1996 the world was stunned as a group of teenagers embarked on a journey that would leave one an orphan , one on death row and the others in prison . Televised , sensationalized and novelized , it became the story of Roderick Ferrell , a sixteen year old self proclaimed vampire whom to this day sits on death row for the murders of Rick and Ruth Wendorf.Now you had to know someone , somewhere , would just have to make a movie out of it . Vampire Clan -LRB- 2002 -RRB- is that movie . Entertaining ? Maybe if you 're 13 , think Marilyn Manson is goth and Satan is cool . Accurate ? I 've never seen four delusional loser vampire wannabe kids look so good on film . But then again , that happens when you hire a pretty cast.The murders were n't committed by some enigmatic tall dark and handsome figure . They were committed by an underweight greasy teenager from a dysfunctional family that spent far too much time playing role playing games and smoking weed . Nothing to idolize here folks.I 've seen far too many teenagers with an angst complex come out of this movie starry eyed and in love with the on screen Rod . This movie was n't made to inform , it was made to entertain . Wake up , read the books and learn .
 From the very -LRB- silly -RRB- start of the movie you know you are in for the goofy fun . John C. Riley gives wonderful performance as a main character Dewey Cox in the movie that is sometime funny , sometimes offensive and filled with stars from start to finish . Cast includes most of the comedians from the Saturday Night Live show and in addition to that Jack Black , Lyle Lovett , Paul Rudd , Jason Schwartzman to name a few . They all give fantastic performances in a movie that is making fun of Johnny Cash , Beatles , Elvis Presley and pretty much the entire music industry . I am not sure if John C. Rilley did his own singing in this movie , but if he did , he has a great voice that matches his acting abilities -LRB- I have a great respect for this actor -RRB- . If you watch this film , be ready for the night of fun poking and superficial laughter .
 I have always been a big fan of movies that feature good music
 This movie is not funny or entertaining . John C. Reilly can be compared with Will Ferrell , who also is NOT FUNNY . This is just plain STUPID .
 This was n't quite the movie I expected , however if you like dumb funny then this is a great flick for you .
 After reading many of the reviews posted here , I decided to rent `` Walk Hard . Big mistake . I hardly laughed at all and I did n't even finish watching it because I fell asleep . Do not rent this movie . It 's not worth the $ 3.99 I paid for it .
 I 've really liked most Judd Apatow efforts , but `` Walk Hard '' was a real disappointment . The movie almost lost me in its first few minutes . If you know anything about Johnny Cash 's real life , there is nothing remotely funny about the loss of his brother . It was a loss that haunted him all his life . Once you get past that Thud , things do get fitfully funny . A line here , a scene there , you 'll find yourself laughing some -LRB- I loved the faux Dylan song -RRB- , but this is no `` Superbad '' or `` Knocked Up . '' John C. Reilly has real comedic skills , but the reach of `` Walk Hard '' is too much . I think I would of liked the movie better if it had settled on a particular rock star to parody . Instead , you have just about everyone who has been on the cover of the Rolling Stone . Cash , Dylan , Beach Boys , Orbison , and the list goes on and on . By having Cox be an ultimate Everyman Catchall - for Rock -LRB- and Country -RRB- Star Biopics , Apatow lost his focus . He tried to nail every sacred cow , and the result is scattershot at best . In contrast , look at `` Spinal Tap '' which made effective fun of Heavy Metal , or the `` Phantom of Paradise '' which was a hilarious send-up of Glitter Rock .
 I do n't normally write reviews . I have other things to spend my time on . But , in this instance , my commitment to save my fellow human beings from undue suffering guided me to do the right thing . The bottom line is that the script directly parallels every scene in the Walk The Line movie . Not a glimmer of original thought at all . OK , so this is suppose to be a parody . But is n't a parody suppose to be funny or at least thought-provoking ? This film is neither . Unfunny script and terrible acting to boot with nothing at all of a redeeming nature . All in all a painful experience . I 've watched thousands of movies in my lifetime and this makes my Top Five Worst List without reservation .
 Every comedian of this kind will argue that they are lampooning a worn out movie cliche without admitting that they have created another one themselves . The idea is this first attack the ethnic groups - southerners , Blacks , Jews , etc. and then ridicule anyone having marital problems , drug problems , famliy issues , career issues , and any kind of issues . Hit somebody who is down and defenseless and strike back with a worn out cliche about comedians who would be out of work if it were n't for lurid headlines of sex and drugs . We 'll see how funny it is when Mr. Reilly loses a brother or a wife or has to give up whatever it is that he snorts in his spare time.I 'll defend Elvis of Buddy Holly any day of the week over this brain-deadredneck idiot . He needs to go back to work at the filling station where he canmake an honest contribution to society . Maybe his humor will be betterappreciated whatever inbreds he sprung from.This is an uninspired , straightforward , almost scene by scene spoof of Walkthe Line . In addition to spoofing the Johnny Cash biopic , the film throws insome Bob Dylan , Beatles and Beach Boys -LRB- specifically Brian Wilson -RRB- references aswell . This is a disappointing film . The Dewey Cox double entendre gets worked todeath in the movie with numerous references to male genitalia , along with a fewactual close ups of the swinging appendages . This film misfires most of thetime . It is neither very funny nor touching . It lacks both brains and heart . Itlooks like a quickie exploitation film .
 This movie has made it onto my All Time Worst Movies list . Please do not rent this movie much less buy it . The beginning childhood flashback opener is n't even remotely funny . In fact the rest of the movie is n't either . Still , I like many others somehow fell prey to the lure of a funny movie . I had the pleasure of seeing Walk the Line which is a really great movie . This movie follows the same story line but in the worst way ever , the jokes are flat , the innuendos are lame and who wants to see flaccid male penis right in your living room ??? I just hope I can save someone from making a horrible mistake by watching this movie . Even my boyfriend , whom loves the same programs as I like Family Guy , was left scratching his head wondering what type of person could possibly find this movie funny .
 It 's seems that ever since ` Caddyshack ' film makers have been trying to find a way to ... get a group of funny people , ... put them in a dumb film and make a great movie ! ` Walk Hard ' is just another `` churn out '' comedy with an idea no bigger that an SNL skit trying to stretch in out into a full length movie ! I must admit I did laugh quite a few times in this crude and silly film , but it grows old way before the credits role . A good cast of funny people can only do so much with a non existent script ! Other than a few funny gags and a couple of funny song parodies this film sux , the lead character 's name ! ... COX !
 I ca n't believe this movie was even allowed to be made . If I was Johhny Cash 's family , I would sue . His brother was tragically killed by being pulled into a table saw , was almost cut in half , and suffered for a week before dying . This is a sick movie and anyone who knows about his brother and still thinks it 's funny is sick . The people who made this movie should be ashamed of themselves . What goes around comes around . I would give this movie a zero if I could .
 I rented this movie , it was a COMPLETE waste of a free rental for sure ! The only positive was I did n't actually waste my money renting it !!! The movie is n't funny at all ! It tries to rely on nude male genitals to get a laugh -LRB- for instance -RRB- . John C. Reilly is n't a good enough actor to support a lead role either , it was like a `` Will Ferrell '' wannabe effort . It was painful to watch and I finally had to turn it off ... It was in poor taste , as it made a mockery of tragic events in Johnny Cash 's life ... his brother 's death for one . How this movie racked up 4 STARS on Amazon is disheartening to say the least ... Sorry , I did n't laugh so hard my face hurt ... My FACE HURT , but not from laughing ... It was disappointing too to see some cast members from `` THE OFFICE '' in this movie ! This movie is moronic to say the very least ... DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME ON THE BOMB !!!!
 It was awful . I went into it with great hopes expecting to enjoy it . I wanted to like it , I wanted to laugh . I spent more time rolling my eyes and checking the counter to see how much time was left till it was over . I was so disappointed .
 love the river cottage series -- hate amazon 's delivery.how about a file format for everyone -LRB- not just PCs -RRB-
 Really slow and dull . Might possibly appeal to the older lesbians with family sector of the community - aside from that you 're going to be tempted to switch this one off halfway through . I bought this one without reading the reviews properly , a compulsive buy based on an Amazon suggest-sell recommendation based on my lesbian tv/movie binge with the $ AU riding high . Do n't make the same mistake as I did !
 Finn 's GirlDid n't seem like much of a lesbian movie once you got passed the initial scene . More accurately described as a single mother/rebellious daughter or parenting movie . The clincher to the flick is so unrealistic as to cast negative light on the entire movie . What I mean is that the movie goes along and seems quite realistic and believable until the issue that is hidden is articulated . That issue is unbelievably unrealistic that it ruins the rest of the movie .
 I wish I could give this DVD a favorable review . Unfortunately , I can not . If you are expecting the Zorro of the 1820 's of Southern California who fought against tyranny , you wo n't find him here . Nor will you find the Capitan or Sgt. Garcia . This is the story of Zorro 's descendant . * cough * The acting leaves much to be desired . So does the script . His Zorro costume is not what I expected . The mask is pathetic . It does n't look like the Zorro mask most of us know it to be . The picture on the cover is misleading . You 're better off watching the Disney version of Zorro starring Guy Williams . Sorry to sound so harsh , but I am sorry I wasted my money on this DVD .
 This was by far the worst episode of this show . The first 10 minutes were dominated by the boring Howard and his sister Bonnie Stern ... If You think Anna 's cousin Shelly was a trainwreck ... check out these two together on tv ... Keep these people off tv please !!!!!!!!! Talk about total trainwrecks !! However it was amusing to see Anna babysit and work at the cafe this did n't redeem the mess Howard and his repulsive sister made of the first 10 minutes ...
 Anna Nicole Smith ... Oh , who or who allowed this to get on the air ? It 's like watching a horrible car accident , you just ca n't take your eyes off it even though you 're watching something that annoys and even disgusts you but you keep looking . Instead of blood or body parts , we get big , beautiful Anna Nicole.I give her credit . She used what she had and got a lot . What the plastic surgeon could n't do , that dotering old man did . Plus all those snack cakes and prescriptions . Here we see her trials and tribulations of being a `` Merry Widow '' , living with her son , lawyer , assistant and a few others drifting in and out . Evntually the introduction of Bobby Trendy -LRB- could they have gotten anyone more gay ? -RRB- and the toothless cousin from Texas brought in some drama . But the `` hook '' for this show is both Anna Nicole 's weight , her inability to dress age appropriate , her slurred speech , and her whining . * Shudder ! * Guess you can take the girl out of the trailer park , but you ca n't take the trailer park out of the girl .
 This makes Plan 9 from Outer Space look like Academy Award material . The difference between the two is that `` Plan 9 '' is deliciously bad . This just stinks . Anyone who pays thirty-two bucks for it should get forty bucks change .
 Buy this and be honored with the knowledge that you own the worst box set in history .
 I wonder if they 'll continue this to focus on the kid , the father , and the other people ? Who really cares to be honest - such TRASH !
 I ca n't stand to look too close when Anna 's cousin is on the show ... you have to see her to believe it ! It scares me to think people like this roam the earth ... This episode was n't that funny more annoying because you just want to run screaming after seeing this * thing * on the screen . I wo n't spoil the episode but cousin Shelly is the biggest hick thing to hit TV ... scary !
 i ordered the anna nicole smith show season 1 , & it arrived here damaged . the first dics is cracked , unplayable , damaged case too
 In this episode Anna Nicole sells off some of her artwork ... which by the way reminds me of something a 3 year old would paint . It 's pretty sad ... Howard K Stern acted like a complete retard in this episode but what 's new , he kinda ruined it so this is n't one of the funnier episodes .
 Wow E! must have the best editors in the world ! I must have REALLY forgotten what the show was like , but i do remember liking it . However the DVD version is soo slow and there are many , many scenes where no one has anything to say to each other . Not the fun show i remember at all . Bobby Trendy is actually the funny one here . Anna is beautiful and fun and Howard is like the guy you ca n't stand but ca n't get rid of . Is he really an attorney ? wow
 For some idiotic reason , I actually watched THE ANNA NICOLE SMITH show when THE OSBOURNE 'S went on hiatus.The E! Channel wisely found some bottom-flogging low-level-waste fading celeb to build a show around and caught Anna between court appearances when she was trying to grab some dollars from her richest and deadest table dance.It 's amazing to me that there is now an entire strata of brain-dead idiot blondes whose sole talent appears to be exposing their mental retardation in front of camera . Anna Nicole , Paris Hilton -- the list goes on and on . And , somehow , the American public not only watches these party-addled blockheads , but they can actually purchase DVDs to see them.Knock yourselves out .
 At first I had hopes of enjoying a good comedy but sticking with it wore me out with the over the top silliness . I would recommend this to viewers that are not offended easily and are entertained with far-fetched comedy .
 Bubble Boy is supposed to be a movie about a boy who is born without an immune system and thus can be killed by a single germ . If you believe that , you may also be one of those people who believe it is also a remake of the Travolta film . It is n't . Sure , that is the basic pretext of it , but the real story here is about overcoming obstacles , being who you want to be , taking risks , following through to the very bitter end even if you think the end is not going to be any good . Like the ending to this movie.Bubble Boy is a good movie for what it is
 I need to send the movie back . I have n't been able to find time on how to do this . The dvd keeps playing another movie trailer and wo n't start Bubble Boy .
 So incredibly bad it 's BAD . This movie has to fall into the catagory of ' A dog with no legs or tail . ' My wife has a crush on Jake Gyllenhaal is my only defense for sitting through the whole thing which was hard enough due to the fact that the film acctually produces anti-laughter . The 1 star is for a flick actually having a character named `` Dr. Phreak . ''
 Bubble Boy was the most pathetic movie ever . How anyone enjoyed it is beyond me . In the movie , A boy named Jimmy has disease in which he ca n't touch any germs , so they put him in a bubble . When the girl he loves moves to get married in Ney York , he makes his bubble portable and goes to New York to stop the wedding.As if the plot of the story is n't dumb enough , bad acting and pitiful directing make this movie a total disaster . Never see this movie in your life time , for you will be overcome with boredom .
 This movie takes potshots at so many different groups , it 's hilairous . I especially like the cult of Todd 's and Lorraine 's as well as the Hindu ice cream man who hits a cow . I thought the whole movie was a kick and my friend especially liked the part where the biker `` does n't need no stinkin patches '' . Timmy 's traveling bubble has Lost In Space `` Help me Will Robinson '' Robot arms . SO many funny touches . A fun movie full of belly laughs .
 BUBBLE BOY is another one of those movies in which the film makers try and turn someone 's medical condition into a laugh fest . The only problem with BUBBLE BOY is despite some gross out humor , its not very funny.Jimmy -LRB- played by DONNIE DARKO 's Jake Gyllenhaal -RRB- has a rare medical condition in which the slightest exposure to germs can kill him , so he has lived his entire life in a plastic bubble , with his overprotective mother -LRB- Swoosie Kurtz -RRB- monitoring his every move . The other neighbourhood kids think he is a freak , but this arouses the curiosities Jimmy 's neighbour Chloe -LRB- Marley Shelton -RRB- and she decides to try and get to know him better . Jimmy is thrilled with this attention and pretty soon he is smitten with her . But one day Chloe drops the bombshell that she is going to get married to a hypocritical scumbag and Jimmy must somehow get to Niagra Falls in several days to stop the wedding . How does he do this ? By building a mobile bubble suit and setting off on a cross county road trip on his scooter . -LRB- Here the viewer suspends his disbelief -RRB- . BUBBLE BOY is a movie loaded with unfunny stereotypes . Fabio has a cameo as the leader of an idiotic cult in which all the members are named Todd . These whackos believe Jimmy is their key to heaven . Verne Troyer -LRB- better known as Mini-Me -RRB- plays Dr Phreak , the evil head honcho of a travelling freak show . There 's also a memorable gag involving the gory destruction of a cow 's carcass . This last comment is also ironic as hair metal band WASP also have a brief cameo .
 Bubble Boy was the most pathetic movie ever . How anyone enjoyed it is beyond me . In the movie , A boy named Jimmy has disease in which he ca n't touch any germs , so they put him in a bubble . When the girl he loves moves to get married in Ney York , he makes his bubble portable and goes to New York to stop the wedding.As if the plot of the story is n't dumb enough , bad acting and pitiful directing make this movie a total disaster . Never see this movie in your life time , for you will be overcome with boredom .
 Usually I try and give movies the benefit of the doubt , I really do try . This one just did n't make me laugh . There are bad movies that you can watch and still like . Then there are movies that are so bad they make you want to cry . I did n't laugh at the movie I laughed at its attempts to be funny.Overall-Think of this movie as a vampire and me as the vampire hunter . If the occasion ever arose for the oppunity for me to hunt this monster there are several things I would do1 . Drive a steak through the movie 's heart -LRB- in this case represented by a vampire -RRB- 2 . Cut off its head3 . Dismember the body , burn the pieces and then scatter the ashes at a crossroads so that it would do no harm to the viewing public ever again.Bottom line Save your money
 Some parents are so protective that they would like to stick theri kids in a giant bubble.Thats exactly what Jake 's mum does.Chasing the girl he loves he takes off in a bubblesuit ... But I have got to tell you , I loathe this movie.If you want to watch a really funny , good comedy , choose just about anything else !!! This is weird .
 I rented this movie due to the high ratings it has . I was really looking forward to watching it and was very dissapointed to find it so absolutely awful . I watched about an hour , hating every minute , and finally decided to turn it off . I am not the type of person who abandons books or movies and usually feel that I have to finish them , even if I 'm not enjoying them that much . I just could n't do it with this one ! Yuch !
 This movie is a marvelous piece of acting and directing !! I mean I saw this art work and could n't believe the incredible story I witnessed . First of all , the acting is genius , the directing incredible , the soundtrack mezmirizing !! This movie was robbed at the acadamy awards . This is possibly the finest movie of all time !!!!!! YOU WILL NOT BE DISSAPOINTED.In actual truth this movie is added up into one word : CRAP.You may have noticed I was being sarcastic . But seriously do n't waste your precious time on this utter garbage . Jake Gylanhole -LRB- I think that 's how you spell it . -RRB- really hit rock bottom with this pyle of dung !! This movie is an insult to comedy and just about anything good in this world.Please do n't waste your cash on this . PLEASE .
 this movie is so stupid , i cant believe i just wasted money on this , the quality is so low , this is below amature filming , the acting sucks , the babies is this movie are made out of paper and duck tape , do not even bother watching this movie
 I do n't know much about this country , but probably Singapore is not the most likely place for anyone to produce a sci-fi film with ` Matrix ' - like cyber space concept . In fact , ` Cyber War ' -LRB- aka ` Avatar ' in some countries -RRB- comes from Singapore , but slight curiosity generated from the locations aside , there is nothing I can recommend about this awfully boring version of cyber world.Genevieve O'Reilly -LRB- who had been in two sequels of Joel Silver 's mega-hit ` Matrix ' , according to IMDb , but sorry , I can not remember -RRB- plays Dash MacKenzie , licensed bounty hunter in the near-future world of Sintawan , Asian city where the IDs of the citizens are registered in the city 's Cyber Link . Dash gets money from her clients , hunting down those who have got fake IDs -LRB- called SIM -RRB- , assisted through cyber space by her friend Julius -LRB- Kay Siu Lim -RRB- . One day Dash is asked to find out the hiding place of a CEO who knows the top secrets about the SIM . She succeeds , but things get complicated because a dedicated police detective Victor -LRB- Luoyong Wang -RRB- suspects that some insidious schemes are going on among the ` game players ' of the city including David Warner and Joan Chen.The ` futuristic ' world is represented by the existing buildings and landscapes of Singapore . Occasionally the images created by special effects are added to them , but the effects are at best OK . The quality of each CGI is acceptable if not perfect , but the sheer lack of originality in the story and the concept of cyber -LRB- or alternative -RRB- world damages the film fatally . Everything you see here can be seen in the recent sci-fi films using cyber world theme such as ` Dark City , ' ` The Thirteenth Floor , ' or ` Matrix ' all of which used it much more effectively.But it is awfully flat storytelling of the director that really killed the film . Despite its title , ` Cyber War ' can create no sense of impending danger . Things are told in by-the-number way , sometimes paying almost no attention to the continuity of the story , and the end results are the so-so images showing no emotional or intellectual power . To make matters worse , the heroine has no charisma of Carrie-Anne , and the actions -LRB- not many -RRB- are often poorly executed . ` Cyber War ' has a pretty cool DVD cover , and that 's exactly the best thing you can find in the film . Except for that -LRB- and the unique locations -RRB- the film is only a poorly-done version of borrowed ideas from any cyber world films you have seen in the last decade .
 You know , the really bad ones you have to sit through because your son or daughter has a part in it ? Whoever this Dash what 's - her-name actress is , I believe could be voted as one of the worse performances in a stupid , inane , boring and lifeless film . I mean , she really sucks . Special effects - laughable . I think I remember seeing the old man in TRON . And the little dude in the bar from `` The Blade Runner . '' The interaction between characters really does border on truly amateurish . Someone mentioned a 4 million dollar budget ? Sounds about right . Do n't waste tour time or money on this clunker .
 This is really a horrible dvd ... its a whole bunch of clips that leave you hanging ... . you dont know whats going on the whole time , and its 19 3 or 4 minute tracks of different misc . video clips . most of these are choppy and at horrible angles ... it should be titled `` The Real World You Didnt Want To See '' Its really pointless . Plus all the nudity is still blocked ... for those who were anxious to know ...
 I enjoy watching the Real World on MTV , so I was looking forward to viewing this DVD.Some of the segments were boring.I was disappointed because the DVD is too short . MTV records the cast 24/7 so you 'd think there would be more footage to share on this DVD . Not so .
 I loved the Real World Chicago . So , I was really psyched to be able to see some of the behind the scenes material . I was even more disappointed once I saw it.What they have thrown together is only mildly entertaining . A story about a bird getting loose in the house , nicknames the cast came up with , and how they `` uncover '' the Real World filming vault in the basement . Yawn.This was a really strong cast with some really different personalities and I was hoping they would have shown some of the ways those personalities clashed . A DVD should have opened up opportunities to show stuff you could n't show on TV - they completely missed the boat on that . All of this material -LRB- with VERY few exceptions -RRB- could have been shown on TV , as is.If you are truly a die-hard Real World Chicago fan , look for this DVD secondhand . Anyone else is better off taking a pass on it . A real wasted effort .
 i was n't expecting much when i purchased this dvd -LRB- after all , the main feature only runs a scant 44 minutes -RRB- and after viewing it my expectations were not wrong . Some of the material edited here are just plain boring -LRB- The Lobster Game , The bird that flew into the Loft ... WHO CARES -RRB- to the briefly covered -LRB- escapades in the group showers segments lasts a mere 1 minute ! -RRB- . Compared with past RWYNS discs , this is a weak effort and replay value is minimal . Again , the topics covered are not as compelling or funny as previous editions . It 's such a shame coming from a good cast . I 've always considered it strange that these RWYNS discs are released singular from a complete season set for the respective season when the RWYNS Dvds should be and are the bonus features found on similar tv show boxed sets . Even though with its shortcomings , the disc has some easter eggs that are pretty funny albeit short , at 14 seconds a piece -LRB- i see a trend here -RRB- .
 Not very good . Really boring to watch .
 I 'll be brief . The first two thirds of the film is just a lot of tramping through the underbrush with a camera ; the end is tacked on with no connection to the set-up . A total stinker . Do n't waste your time . It 's an hour and a half I 'll never get back .
 I 'll make this short - I rented this because I love `` found footage '' horror movies . This one operates on that premise , and the trailer looked pretty good . The first half of the movie delivers a promising setup - the last half is a complete and utter disappointment . By the end , I guarantee you 'll be asking yourself , `` is that all there is ?!? '' It 's like the filmmaking team simply quit at the halfway point and just figured they could throw in any predictable , boring ending . And that 's what they did . I suggest to my friends that they not waste their money on this film , despite the packaging and the trailer.SPOILER ALERT
 I watched the trailer and thought it was going to be this awesome movie but it turned out that it was very cliche and tricked the audience . After finishing the whole movie , i felt nausious for about two hours afterwards . My friend also felt the same way . This movie is definiely one that should be on the skip list .
 Monogram 's 1945 Dillinger is a dreary little B-movie that ignores not just period detail but also anything and everything even remotely interesting about the real-life Public Enemy No. 1 in favor of tired fictional clich&eacute;s and plenty of stock footage from Fritz Lang 's You Only Live Once -LRB- which completely stumps John Milius on the audio commentary
 This is the first film about legendary bank robber John Dillinger . It stars Lawrence Tierney and Anne Jeffreys with a supporting cast that includes Edmund Lowe , Elisha Cook Jr. , and Eduardo Cianelli.The film claims to `` introduce '' Lawrence Tierney -LRB- 1919-2002 -RRB- , but in fact he had been in several films before this -LRB- `` Back to Bataan '' , `` Youth Runs Wild '' -RRB- . Tierney made a career out of B films , appearing in more than 50 between 1943 and 2000 -LRB- `` Born to Kill '' , -RRB- He is probably best known for his role as the boss in one of the best gangster films ever - `` Reservoir Dogs '' -LRB- 1992 -RRB- . FWIW - he is the elder brother of Scott Brady and as they got older the were often mistaken for each other.Many actors have played Dillinger - Leo Gordon in `` Baby Face Nelson '' -LRB- 1957 -RRB- , Robert Conrad in `` The Lady in Red '' -LRB- 1979 -RRB- , Warren Oates in `` Dillinger '' -LRB- -RRB- and Johnny Depp in `` Public Enemies '' -LRB- 2009 -RRB- . Tierney plays him as a brutish psychopath with no emotions . Oates was the only one who looked like Dillinger and his performance is clearly the best IMO.Anne Jeffreys -LRB- 1923 -RRB- plays Dillinger 's love interest . She 's best known from her TV series with husband Robert Sterling as the couple who are haunted by `` Topper '' -LRB- 1953-5 -RRB- . She was nominated for a Golden Globe for `` The Delphi Bureau '' -LRB- 1972 -RRB- and played David Hasselhoff 's mom on `` Baywatch '' . This does a great job as the girl who is both fascinated and repelled by the brutish Dillinger.Edmund Lowe -LRB- 1890-1971 -RRB- plays the boss of the early Dillinger gang . He made more than 100 films from 1915 to 1960 , often playing the lead role in B films , although he was a bigger star early in his career -LRB- `` What Price Glory '' , 1926 , `` In Old Arizona '' , 1928 -RRB- . Lowe does his usual good supporting job . BTW - Lowe received top billing.Eduardo Cianelli -LRB- 1889-1969 -RRB- plays one of the gangsters . Ciannelli is best known for his performance in `` Gunga Din '' -LRB- 1939 -RRB- as one of the most evil characters in film history , the head of the Thuggee cult . Ciannelli made more than 150 films including `` Strange Cargo '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- , `` Foreign Correspondent '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- , `` For Whom the Bell Tolls '' , and `` Passage to Marseille '' -LRB- 1944 -RRB- . In 1961 he won the Tony for `` The Devil 's Advocate '' -LRB- 1961 -RRB- . Elisha Cook Jr. -LRB- 1903-1995 -RRB- is also part of the gang . Cook is best known as the `` gunsel '' from `` The Maltese Falcon '' -LRB- 1941 -RRB- . He made nearly 200 films from 1930 to 1987 . Both Cook and Cianelli do good jobs , but they do n't have a lot of scenes.The film was considered brutal at the time it was released . In addition to the usual gun play , Dillinger kills a bartender with a broken glass , shoots an elderly couple , and uses a hatchet to dispatch a rival . For two years it was banned in Chicago.The film was nominated for an Oscar for Best Original Screenplay . The writer , Phil Jordan -LRB- 1914-2003 -RRB- -RRB- , was nominated two other times and won for `` Broken Lance '' -LRB- 1954 -RRB- . He received a WGA nomination for `` Detective Story '' -LRB- 1951 -RRB- . This was the 9th and most successful to date venture for the King Brothers and Monogram Pictures . They specialized in low budget films like `` The Gangster '' -LRB- 1947 -RRB- and `` Gun Crazy '' -LRB- 1950 -RRB- . The film was produced in 1945 but it has the look and feel of a 30s film . Unfortunately it has none of the charisma of the 30s gangster film heroes . Tierney established a niche for himself as a brutal psychopath , but former gangster film heroes like Cagney , Robinson , and Bogart had something more , which Tierney clearly lacks.Bottom line - there are better films about Dillinger and better gangster films .
 I hated it . No plot . no story , and very undeveloped characters . The entire movie was just blood and gore from badly done zombies . I was highly disappointed.The movie director should be shot .
 This is by far the best copy on dvd of this movie . I was tempted in the past to buy this version but hesitated until I read other reviews on your website and decided to purchase this version after reading the high reviews . Being a big George Romero fan , I own other versions of this movie on dvd and vhs and always strive to get the best quality films I can . The Millennium Edition of this movie is the best money can buy .
 As long as I 'm paraphrasing , I come to bury Romero , not to praise him.A couple generations have come and gone since George Romero and a band of barely capable hacks created this film . In my lifetime I 've seen no end of psuedo-intellectual praise heaped upon this glorified student film . Gore fans and hipsters alike have wasted volumes of paper and hard drive attributing sociological subtext and cinematic greatness to a movie that has neither.The basic premise of the film remains fertile soil for someone with talent . The makers of 28 DAYS LATER and DAWN OF THE DEAD -LRB- remake -RRB- scared the hell out of us while demonstrating in a handful of grief-struck scenes the ramifications of World War Z on the living.Romero , on the other hand , -- led amateur actors through terrible performances , from Barbara 's poorly rendered catatonia to Angry Bald Man 's puzzling decision to imbue every line with PURE ! BLIND ! FURY ! -- generates a pace so leaden even the zombies could outrun it . -- spends an inordinate amount of time showing characters hammering boards . There are 2 minute-long carpentry sequences in this very worst episode of THIS OLD HOUSE . -- offers specious logic regarding the characters ' escape plans . Only the first floor or the basement ? No one considers moving upstairs and smashing the stairwell to bits behind them ? There 's certainly plenty of tools -LRB- see above -RRB- ! And gravity still seems to affect the shambling dead . -- seems to have gleamed all his post-modern praise from the tacky inclusion at film 's end of still frame shots of rednecks gleefully shooting zeds . I suspect this had more to do with the price of filmstock than any pure artistic decision . As even late 60s social commentary goes , it ai n't exactly Easy Rider.I 've give Mr. Romero that his follow-up , Dawn of the Dead , was a helluva lotta fun in the 1970s drive-in I saw it in , but then its follow-up , Day of the Dead , was essentially as boring as an episode of MEET THE PRESS if MTP featured an undead round table . Even Savini 's remake was more satisfying than this lump of hackery.Romero 's recent LAND OF THE DEAD took the WTF ? step of actually identifying/sympathizing with the zombies , who , in a feat of contradiction you usually only see from Republicans , Romero has decided ARE PEOPLE TOO . There 's some hamfisted class struggle commentary in there , but you 'd need a decoder ring to make any sense of it.As for the one that started it all , however , the only thing terrifying about NofLD is how fecund it is .
 The Night Of The Living Dead is a really boring , low-budget , black and white zombie film . The acting is pretty hollow and there are no real scary parts . Every time you 'd think the film would be scary - it 's not , becuase it 's in black and white and most of the `` scary parts '' take place in the nighttime so it 's really hard to see any details . I 'd give it 1 star if it was n't for that great music at the end !
 If you 're looking for a definitive version of this classic , AVOID THIS VERSION ! I can not begin to express my disgust and contempt for Executive Producer Joseph Wolf , the studio , and all involved for adding amateurish ` new footage ' and a new score to one of the most terrifying films of all time . This is now worse than the worst of the Sci-Fi Channel ; it 's not even good enough for public access . What an abomination.I can not believe that these hacks thought they had the right to exhume the best parts of this film and tack cheesy embellishments upon it ; it 's like putting salt on an ice cream sundae . I hope the dead do arise and attack John A. Russo and Joseph Wolf - but then again , I would n't want them living on.I implore ANYONE interested in obtaining the ` definite ' version of this film on DVD to wait - hopefully Criterion will release a worthwhile version , as they did with `` Carnival of Souls '' . I 've heard the Elite Entertainment version is closer to the original ; all I know is , I 'm returning this ASAP . What a disappointment .
 I know this DVD sounds great from the description -LRB- added scenes , restored , 2 disc set etc. -RRB- but be warned , it 's not the real thing . For a start the 15 minutes of added footage is NEWLY FILMED and awful . Not only that , it suffers from really bad lip-sync problems that make it practically unwatchable . Plus some original scenes have actually been removed . The other disc contains the un-butchered original but unfortunately has a new music score . Call me old fashioned , but I prefer the scratchy , corny original . Surely a Special Limited Edition should include the untouched original version ? ... If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it .
 I have to agree with the previous reviewer . This is TERRIBLE . Being a fan of the genre I was ecstatic to see a special edition version of NOTLD . Little did I know that the so called `` never before seen footage '' would consist of below b-movie acting writing and direction , as well as a dead ringer for Anton LaVey posing as a priest . The same Anton LaVey lookalike who is responible for BUTCHERING the original score . The bonus soundtrack cd is n't even the original spooky score ! It 's the worst kind of MIDIfied noodling with no emotion behind it whatsover . Stay far away from this . Far , far away .
 I bought this DVD , and was really dissapointed . Well , this new scenes , you can see that cemetary zombie look much older in one scene , and in next -LRB- original scene -RRB- he suddenly looks younger . And new added scenes are ofcourse in black and white , but the brightness is different , so you can see which part is new scene evev if you see this film as first time . And new music , well it was n't that bad , but it seems like they tried to put the music in any scenes they can.And the music was little too loud.That had destroyed the good , intention of the scenes.if they used it less , and little more quiet , it could be better . But most annoying thing about this 30th anniversary edition is , that priest . Who hired him ? He is the worst actor I have ever seen in my life ! If they hired someone better for this caractor , I could give one more star to rate this movie . And the ending , I did not get it at all . It looked like those clappy TV priest propaganda show . Well , I may keep this DVD ONLY for the bright picture quority , but nothing else .
 This is one `` deluxe anniversary edition '' you should avoid at all costs . Those familiar with the original masterpiece will recoil in horror to see how it has been altered . The new footage is senseless and poorly filmed and does not match the original image at all . It really detracts the pacing and tight structure of the original film . Try the collector 's edition re-mastered in THX . That 's all you should consider ... this was an ill-concieved attempt to cash in for the 30th anniversary . Nothing more .
 I borrowed this froma buddy at work and it is amazing . But not in a good way . I 'm amazed the original group involved w / the movie -LRB- excluding George -RRB- could ever do what was done to this . The new scenes are unwatchable . In the commentary they babble on on how seamless they are implemented . But they do n't discuss how BADLY they were acted . I gave this `` new '' movie two stars for the following , ONE
 As a die-hard fan of the original NOLD -LRB- and its sequels including Tom Savini 's charming 1990 remake -RRB- I was not disappointed by this 30th Anniversary revamping . Reason being , the idea itself is the most disappointing aspect
 I 'm sorry ... They have spoiled this classic film with a new score that sounds like it 's from 1981 , and terrible new scenes that do n't fit in at all with the original film . This project had my hopes up , but just did n't pan out at all . I wish I 'd spent my money on something else . Yuck !
 There 's always the sequel , or the remake , or the adaptation that somehow negatively affects the reputation of a classic film , book , etc. . The Batman films became progressively worse , the remake of `` Psycho '' was just a pointless exercise -LRB- and pricey one -RRB- in filmmaking , and the 1995 adaptation of `` The Scarlet Letter '' was just an out and out disgrace . Then of course , there 's the 30th anniversary edition of `` NOTLD '' , with newly remastered sound and picture quality . Not to mention 15 minutes of newly shot scenes that are an inclusion to the film . Well , there 's the old adage , if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . But instead of not fixing it , how about tossing a molotov cocktail at the film and screw it up with bad acting and campy , Cinemax premiere-style storytelling to an otherwise , horror classic . Romero 's 1968 film made a big fuss when it burst onto the drive-in scene by giving unexpecting viewers images they 'd never forget in the midst of horrible violence . It was the first time where the hero does not win in the end , where censorship was sorely tested , and people did n't expect what they 'd see . Now , countless versions of video and DVD later , the team from the original -LRB- with the strange exclusion of writer-director Romero -RRB- have teamed up , to pretty much tarnish the reputation of the original , with a ridiculous subplot surrounding the first zombie we see in the film , and an even worse character , an idiot playing a priest who would put most porn stars to shame for being such an awful actor . These 15 minutes of deleted scenes excise the original scenes , -LSB- mess -RSB- up the ending , and are most likely to hurt the reputation of the classic . The only thing the 30th anniversary has is an engrossing score that provides remarkable improvement to the original score by making it tense and scary . But the extras , which have absolutely nothing to do with the 1968 original , are just from the production surrounding the 30th anniversary . An annoying music video accompanies the likes of the DVD that 's a techno version which unnecessarily repeats quotes from the flick that make it unbearable . If you 're a big fan of NOTLD , and look to purchase the original , just purchase the original which you can find for less than 10 bucks on the internet . Do n't get the 30th anniversary , because it certainly is n't definitive , and it certainly is n't good . Instead , pick up the Millenium Edition , which for some reason is being paired with this review instead of the actual 30th Anniversary Edition , the one that 's being criticized .
 I bought this DVD thinking that it would be top-notch and handled with a lot of class since it was touted as a 30th Anniversary Limited Edition . Boy was I wrong . The first thing I noticed when I slipped the disc in was a new musical score that replaces the orginal . This score is so overbearing that it completely detracts from the images on the screen . It is an ABOMINATION ! I removed the disc after five minutes and immediately placed it up for auction . Thank God I found a willing buyer . By far the best version on DVD is the Elite Entertainment DVD . It should be considered the definitive version of the film on DVD . There 's a reason why the Elite version is frequently on backorder and the Anchor Bay 30th Anniversary edition is always in stock ... the Anchor Bay version is pathetic ! If I could have given it ZERO stars , I would have ! Run ... run as far away from this Anchor Bay DVD as fast as you can . Do n't say I did n't warn you .
 Whatever you do , DO NOT rent/purchase/watch the 30th anniversary edition of Night of the Living Dead , ESPECIALLY if you have not seen the movie before . Apparently it is somewhat difficult to find a decent rendering of this movie , but at all costs avoid this one . Simply put , there is new footage and new music that RUINS the original . To me , it looks like some idiot goth kids wanted to have bit parts in their favorite movie from high school and decided , hey , let 's create all new characters and dialogue for the 30th anniversary edition . In fact , the awful new music is composed by the same guy -LRB- Scott Vladimir Licina -RRB- who played the worst new character , Reverend Hicks . God , I wan na smack that idiot .
 Do yourself a favor and just buy the Millenium Edition . I made the mistake of buying this for the 15 minutes of `` extra footage , the way the movie was meant to be made . '' Well , I was beyond disappointment . Besides contradicting the original film , if taken seriously as a part of the Living Dead Trilogy , it destroys `` Dawn '' and `` Day '' as well . Do n't waste the money .
 DO NOT for any reason buy the Anchor Bay 30th anniversary DVD of Night Of The Living Dead ! The makers have trashed it completly.They added new footage -LRB- shot in ' 98 , by the way -RRB- and a new Halloween-like music score.Both of which add nothing to what is a classic better left alone.To be honest , I coud n't even sit through more than 10 mins.of this new version , or the commentary by 4 people I wont name but should be ashamed of themselves.There is no explanation for why they felt the need to change the film in any way.I figured if they did n't discuss it while the footage was playing they would n't so I gave up.Oh yeah the disc also has a so called 1998 90 minute edit , which is actually the original version , but with the annoying new score.Again , piontless.I got ripped off 20 bucks , and I would feel bad trying to pawn it off on someone else , so I 'm trashing it and buying the Elite Entertainment DVD , the one it turns out I wanted in first place Buy it as well and dont let this happen to you .
 If Ed Wood was still alive he could n't even get excited about the new scenes in this film . If you are a fan of night of the living dead buy the elite dvd but stay far away from the special edition . The new scenes add nothing to the story and actually detract from it . Russo 's direction in the new scenes is about as exciting and creative as a wet sponge . The new scenes are poorly written and the acting is even worse . I was really looking forward to this and was terribly disappointed . View at your own risk - stomach aches , nausea , vomiting could be the result at seeing a master piece of a horror movie butchered courtesy of Russo and friends .
 I was expecting better video and sound quality from the Blu-ray version . The regular DVD version would have probably been just as bad !
 I saw this wretched dvd at a friends house . I couldnt decide whether or not this was supposed to be funny or taken seriously.Regardless , John Russo and friends totally ruined George Romeros groundbreaking horror classic . The soundtrack is ridiculous , it sounds as though the composer bought a $ 30 Casio keyboard and wrote some cheesy gothic horror songs for the soundtrack . And who do they think they are fooling with Bill Heinzman reprising his role as the original zombie 30 years later ? Did they think no one would notice he looked like he was close to 40 in the original , and in the new footage he looks like hes 70 at the youngest?Please . Also i noticed another thing about the family who died at Beekmans Diner in the car crash : Check out one of the kids shoes , as they are actually Sketchers I believe . I 'm no expert on the shoe business so correct me if I 'm wrong , but I dont think the Sketchers shoe company was around in 1968 . Did anyone see the `` music video '' for the ridiculous `` Dance of the Dead '' . Thats probably the most entertaining feature about the dvd . I found the music video to be corny and terrible , but utterly hiliarious . Anyways , do n't waste your money on this garbage . The new music score is way below subpar as is the acting and scripting for the additional material . The original Romero feature was a low budget masterpiece . This , however is just a half-assed attempt at filmmaking and yet another way for no talent filmakers to cash in on a classic . Avoid .
 It is just unfathomable that anyone could possibly think this was a good idea - take a beloved classic film and :1 . Cut 15 minutes of footage .2 . Add 15 minutes of poorly shot new footage with excruciatingly bad acting , writing and direction .3 . Dump the original music score and replace it with painfully amateurish electronic drivel .4 . Add insult to injury by deceptively marketing it as the definitive 30th Anniversary Edition.Words can not express how terrible this edition is . Really , it is THAT bad . I have seen student films and amateur fan edits done better . The new footage is so badly written and acted it would almost be funny if it was n't cut into this classic film.Stay far , far away from this version . Get any other version that has the real Night of the Living Dead .
 NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD is arguably the greatest horror film of all-time , and easily one of the most influential ever made . However , this DVD does NOT contain the true version of the film . Despite the fact that it includes a couple nice special features , this version of the film is for die-hard Romero fans only.The film has been re-edited , with new , completely unnecessary scenes inserted ; also , Scott Vladimir Lacina has replaced the popular score of library music from the first film with a new score . John A. Russo lead the project , and said he was surprised by the reaction of fans . Well , nice job , Mr. Russo , you damned the film straight to hell . I can not tell you enough times not to purchase this edition.Confound you , ambitious filmmakers !
 After purchasing this 2 disc set and watching the 30th Anniversary Edition I find myself asking the following questions
 I bought this DVD thinking that it would be top-notch and handled witha lot of class since it was touted as a 30th Anniversary LimitedEdition . Boy was I wrong . The first thing I noticed when I slipped thedisc in was a new musical score that replaces the orginal . This scoreis so overbearing that it completely detracts from the images on thescreen . It is an ABOMINATION ! I removed the disc after five minutesand immediately placed it up for auction . Thank God I found a willingbuyer . By far the best version on DVD is the Elite EntertainmentDVD . It should be considered the definitive version of the film onDVD . There 's a reason why the Elite version is frequently on backorderand the Anchor Bay 30th Anniversary edition is always in stock ... theAnchor Bay version is pathetic ! If I could have given it ZERO stars , Iwould have ! Run ... run as far away from this Anchor Bay DVD as fast asyou can . Do n't say I did n't warn you .
 If you 're all about sound and picture quality , than this DVD is n't for you . Spend the few extra bucks to buy the millennium edition , you wo n't regret it . This DVD is just another sad video tape print with lines and scratches , film bouncing all over the place , terrible edit cuts , etc. ... While the movie may be a horror classic , there definately is no point in releasing a film on DVD unless they plan to clean up the print enough to where it appears new . I used to watch Psycho with all the crackling and lines and such , but when I bought the DVD I was amazed at how much the print was cleaned up . DVD 's should have more thought that go into them before the final product is released . I guess that 's what I get for being cheap and buying the $ 7.00 way out .
 Shame on Anchor Bay for releasing this -LRB- ... -RRB- version of Night of the Living Dead . Not only did they insert segments of cheesy synthesizer soundtrack to partially replace the old one , but they also added 15 minutes of , get this , `` new footage . '' This footage seems intended to serve as an exposition , to explain exactly why zombies are roaming the countryside ; never mind that the cause is apparent in the original version . Where , in the 1968 film , the production and acting were excellent -LRB- especially in the face of a limited budget -RRB- , the 15 minutes of `` new footage '' are totally incongruous and the result has a very obvious cut-and-paste feel . Let me emphasize , the production and acting in the `` new footage '' are pathetic ; if I had played the part of that priest , if I had participated in `` decomposing '' the soundtrack , if I had contributed in any way to this effort , I do n't think I could show my face in public.Why make such a fuss over a 30 + year-old film shot in black and white on a low budget ? Well , you have to understand the impact of George Romero 's movie . If you find the idea of flesh-eating zombies absurd -LRB- ok , I 'll admit that it is -RRB- , but you have never seen the flick and are expecting a spoof or a laugh fest , then Night of the Living Dead can be a rude shock . First of all , it kills off one of its skeptics in the first 10 minutes of the movie in a pretty pedestrian way , with a rock to the head . Furthermore , its later scenes of violence are surprisingly convincing -LRB- sorry , you need to see the original yourself -RRB- . This is a really good movie.George Romero , in interviews on IFC , seems to have approached the issue of production and distribution for NOTLD and DOTD with a conviction that his work was worth defending from those who would censor or otherwise diminish the impact of these films . Therefore , it is perplexing that the Anchor Bay version has surfaced . Perhaps it is Romero 's fault ; maybe he sold out . But I suspect that the story behind this mess is more complex . The people who released this so-called `` 30th anniversary edition '' have no such principles , and would have us believe that their version is more valid . I suspect that all of this is motivated by money -LRB- one website alleges that the people who released this abomination are laying the groundwork for a sequel -RRB- . I have heard that the Elite release has the highest quality video plus commentary from Romero , et . al. but I 've never seen that version and I 'm not sure it is still available .
 Ok so JAWS 3 , Friday The 13th 3 , Freddy 's Dead The Final Nightmare , Amityville 3-D , how many classic horror films have tried the 3-D thing . . and these actually TRIED to make it work . . thank god there are versions without the 3-d Effect . . BUT I ca n't get the glasses to work on my TV Set I think 3-d should stay in the theaters . . AND my biggest complaint is this . . NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD was never meant to be a 3-D film so why make it into a 3-D film!the above mentioned films HAVE specific scenes designed and created for 3-D NOTLD did n'tBut yeah BUY THE MILLENIUM EDITION OF THIS FILM !
 What I do n't get is the new footage . They did n't fit the movie and all they did was destroy it . The new music ruined it also . I hated the new ending . I mean come on ! 1 year later all the zombies were destroyed ? NOTHING in the new footage had anything to do with Night of the Living Dead or the rest of the series . Just buy the Millenium edition .
 This product , which bears the insignia UAV Entertainment , is the worst print of a movie I have ever seen -- no grey scale , no edges to the images , no audio clarity . Since NOTLD is in the public domain , profiteers have for years been distributing duplicate prints made from duplicate prints -- much like `` It 's a Wonderful Life , '' which was finally released in a stunning DVD version once the copyright was renewed.The only thing that 's sharply in focus on this version of NOTLD is the splicy , dusty film surface itself . The manufacturer must have used either a beat-up duplicate or a VHS tape for a master . But you would never suspect it from the slick packaging , along with the assurances of `` Dolby Digital Stereo '' and , on the disc itself -LRB- from UAV Corp. -RRB- , `` Guaranteed Superior Quality . `` The original movie was cheaply made in an exploitive way that the spectator could forgive and enjoy . Not so with this item , which demonstrates that `` DVD Quality '' is in itself no guarantee of anything . Unfortunately , the zombies on the cover were not enough to scare this consumer away .
 Maybe I 'm just a purist in this regard but I was utterly disappointed with the 30th anniversary edition of NOTLD . The additional scenes , shot with current film stock , are so appaling that I question the reasons for their inclusion . The new soundtrack is bearable at best , but detracts from the edgy feel of the original . Also , the re-recorded news broadcasts were nothing more than irritating.While I enjoy having a decent copy of the film on hand , it 's a difficult version to watch . You 'd be better off buying the Evil Dead DVD .
 I can not believe why Romero/Russo would do such a thing ! Restoring a classic takes guts , and can be done artistically -LRB- ala , the Star Wars Trilogy -RRB- if the artist has developed his ideas in the context of the film
 Simply put ... DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME ON THIS VERSION ! John Russo has ruined a classic film -LRB- oh the humanity ! -RRB- First off he re-edited the film -LRB- cutting out major scenes of dialogue -RRB- then he had the film re-scored -LRB- destroying the haunting atmosphere of the original -RRB- He then substituted scenes that were not to be in the original film -LRB- because they werent up to par ! -RRB- Even the news broadcasts were changed -LRB- now sounding very fake & not matching this period piece -RRB- This movie is very near & dear to my heart & it saddens me to see it butchered like this ... THE DEAD ARE WALKING ALLRIGHT ... OUT OF THE GRAVE & STRAIGHT AFTER JOHN RUSSO !!!!!!!!
 The day they decided to add awful , awful , awful new scenes to the masterpiece `` Night of the Living Dead '' , change the music , and screw the whole thing up was in my mind one of the darkest days in cinema history . The new music is shockingly bad , and the new scenes -LRB- with terrible acting and unneccessary new plot details -RRB- basically should never have been filmed . Really , this whole `` 30th Anniversary Edition '' thing is the worst treatment of a classic movie since colorization was briefly popular . I think every copy of this should be burned.What 's really a shame is that the image quality of the original movie is pretty dang good -LRB- it 's also good on the disc released by Elite . The one without the new scenes . Hint hint . -RRB- There is a boatload of extras , including a documentary on the making of the new footage -LRB- which actually manages to be worse than the new footage itself -RRB- , a trailer for this rerelease , and a clip of something called `` Flesheater '' that the director of the new version made.THIS IS NOT THE VERSION OF `` NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD '' TO BUY . IF YOU EVEN CONSIDER BUYING THIS , YOU ARE NO LONGER MY FRIEND .
 Three things :1
 When the 30th Anniversary Edition came out , I bought it on VHS as I was curious to see what they termed as `` new footage . '' What I got was a horrible mess that butchered the original film , removed the original music for a terrible synthesizer score and added pointless footage that makes the viewer want to grind his teeth down to the gums . One of the additions is a new character
 Kudos to Anchor Bay for remastering the original footage -LRB- which is even sharper and clearer than Elite 's version -RRB- but the lousy new synth score and stupid , pointless , badly acted new scenes are a case lesson in how you can take a classic and turn it into a turd.And John Russo , the talentless co-writer of the original NIGHT and the director of the new scenes for this new NIGHT , says , `` This is what we wanted to do originally . `` If that 's so , I imagine the conversation between Russo and George Romero in 1968 during the production went like this : John Russo
 I have had some pretty awful experiences in my life . As well as quite a few wonderful ones . The worst , I always thought , would be having to stand in the room while the authorities pulled the melted jewelrey from my mother 's burnt corpse . That was a bad experience.Then there were the two rusty nails that slammed into my knee to the hilt.Oh yeah ... and not being able to move my legs.I always thought that nothing I could see in film could even approach the misery of these personal moments.But then , I could never in a thousand years imagine the creative still-birth of the 30th Anniversary NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD DVD.Now I know what you are thinking , or at least I think I do . You may be thinking that I have grossly overstated the level of personal offense with which I take this DVD , but I swear to you I am having to control myself sooo much right now from merely ranting ... How can I tell you exactly how they pissed on this film?NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD is one of my first favorite movies . Every week , for the first 6 years of my life , I watched NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD projected in 16mm . It was the first film that I had memorized.It scared me away from wanting to ever frequent cemeteries . And it made me ask my Dad how they make movies . And he handed me my first Famous Monsters of Filmland , along with a book on LON CHANEY ... a little thin blue book.And that is how it began . Also at the time I was addicted to KING KONG , GORGO and THE ADVENTURES OF ROBIN HOOD . I was seeing each of those ... constantly alongside LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS -LRB- Corman version -RRB- and REEFER MADNESS.In fact earlier this day I had watched the Alamo Drafthouse 's last night of the Cannibal fest where they screened NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD . I was in a great mood . I 'd been saving watching this 30th Anniversary edition till after I saw this screening at the Drafthouse.Quint came over to watch it with Father Geek and I. . . and my god ... the horror.I feel as though I have just watched a personal family member gang-raped by a pack of super sodomites.If you love NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD do n't even pick up the box that encases this dung heap.First off , John Russo should be buried alive and fed through an IV and given adequate oxygen for the next 30 years . He has butchered , defaced and ruined one of the greatest horror films of all time . From his additions -LRB- as well as subtractions -RRB- to NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD , I can say with the utmost confidence that talent does not in any way reside within this shell of a so-called writer.He has created something that at it 's best moments perhaps achieves the utter stupidity of ` GREEDO FIRED FIRST ' , but mostly resides with floating turds in a city sewer system.There is not one instance in the entirety of the DVD that even begins to be good . And I 'm even talking about the original footage . They have ruined every single second of the film through laughably awful sound effects and mixing , through a HORRENDOUS new bit of noise shat out by talentless hack , Scott Vladimir Ligina . They have erased all grain from the film , making it stark and crisp and in focus where it was once gloriously creepy and atmospheric.Sigh ... Perhaps I should just begin ... at the beginning.Gone are the opening shots of the film . Instead we begin upon the Chevy truck , that we later see Ben driving . But for now , it is driven by two redneck types hauling the body of the ` cemetery ghoul ' in a coffin in the back of their truck . Terrible dialogue about how he was a child murderer has been created as if to give some sort of backstory to the first zombie we ever see.This is HORRIBLE . REALLY REALLY HORRIBLE . The dialogue and acting between the two corpse handlers is terribly written and delivered with all the subtlety and nuance of a kindergarten play about butterflies and toast.When we finally arrive at the cemetery we get a look at this abominable tone deaf synthesizer addicted skinhead , Scott Vladimir Licina . Not only did he piss on the entire film with the single most offensive score I have ever listened to in my life , he and his gigantic teeth , have decided to bookend this film with an overbearing and painfully awful portrayal of a Reverend.They have the cemetery zombie attack the two drivers and then we cut straight to Barbara and Johnny parked at the cemetery . All the foreboding shots of the drive ... gone . Now , new thunder sounds pounding the entire scene . Drowning out their dialogue . This is ... awful . I really have never known the meaning of that word till I witnessed this atrocity.Let 's cut forward a bit.Remember where Ben and Barbara have first gone into the house together ? When he tells her to go turn on all the lights , and then he begins searching for nails and hammer and wood ? Well ... we see him find the toolboxes . We no longer see him put the screwdriver in his back pocket , gone is the search for wood ... he no longer looks under the sink , the initial nailing of wood is gone ... . Oh yeah ... as a matter of fact ... When Barbara leaves the room here , it instantly cuts straight to her at the music box . All of the in-between and dialogue has been cut.Remember Ben relating to Barbara what happened to him ? Remember him talking about a tanker truck ... describing that ? GONE . Remember Barbara telling the story of Johnny and her ? Well , they got to the cemetery ... but all of her fantastic hysterical fits ... GONE!Gone . So much character development . Gone gone gone . Remember the scene between Harry and Helen in the basement where Harry talks about the Radio up stairs and Helen begins screaming at him about that . About how they do n't like one another.Well now ... Harry goes down in the basement . Does his initial bit about , `` We 'll see who 's right . We 'll see when they come pleading for me to let them in '' And then ... cut to our all around swell guy , Tom pleading with Harry to come on back up ... a mere minute and a half after he 's entered the cellar ... there by making it seem as if ... Tom instantly had a change of heart . Gone is the development between Harry and Helen about their marriage problems , the issues with Harry 's superiority complex.If fact ... throughout the entire film all of this basic fundamentally important to the story work is GONE , to be replaced with Reverend Wide Teeth and his bunch of morons.Also ... all the radio broadcasts are now different . It no longer feels like a radio broadcast from the period , but now feels like someone trying to impersonate a radio broadcast . Gone is most of the Venus probe stuff . Gone is the information about the Rescue Centers . Gone Gone Gone.They hacked the hell out of this film . Remember the naked zombie ? GONE!Instead we have additional stumblers . No useful or even
 How do you improve perfection ? Answer is , you do n't . This film is the most impure accident since Star Wars Ep . 1 . I am a tremendous fan of the NOTLD series , and this 30th anniversary edition is nothing more then an un-efforted attempt on making money at the expense of a once-great film . I love the inside cover with the film makers praising their job well done . `` Oh we think the fans we be very pleased ... everything is seemless ... we 've improved upon the movie ... '' Crikey ...
 I thought adding color to this classic of the horror genre was the worst that could ever happen to it , I was wrong . The new footage stands out from the rest of the film -LRB- in a bad way -RRB- , almost all the original zombie footage is gone and the new zombies should shut-up because they 're far too noisey , the new folley effects are as subtle as a train wreck , and the new soundtrack is nothing to write home about either . As they say in `` The Rocky Horror Picture Show , '' enter -LRB- or should I say view -RRB- this new cut of the film at your own risk !
 The rating of this film does not pertain to the original cult classic by George A. Romero . It refers to the horribly acted , slow moving joke of new footage which is easily detectible from the original footage . And its distracting new musical score would do better on a soundtrack for a new movie . This masterpiece of its time has been ruthlessly butchered . Everything added to this 30th anniversary edition not counting the digital mastering has soiled the original . Do n't let the fancy silver case fool you . Those who are responsible for this atrocity should be fed to the zombies .
 Although his name appears in the credits , George Romero was in no way involved with this project . The new footage does n't match the original . Despite a mountain of makeup , Bill Hinzman looks much older than his first incarnation of the cemetary zombie . What was he thinking ? New cuts and fades , intended to improve the pacing of the film , seem premature and at times omit valuable dialogue . The prologue and epilogue add little importance overall , the main addition being a religious subplot which frames the entire story . Licina 's newly recored soundtrack reminds me of bad MIDI files imbedded in somebody 's web page . That being said , Night of the Living Dead
 I rented this version because it 's the only one I could get my hands on and I had read and been told over the years how great a movie it is . Well , this was one of the worst movies I have ever seen . Supposedly this version is to be avoided , but I did not know that going into this . I must admit , I did see a second or two of brilliance here and there throughout the film , but all in all it was utterly EXCRUCIATING.Poorly edited , terribly acted -LRB- both of which mean to me that Romero is an awful director -RRB- , synched like a Japanese overdub at parts , and not in the least bit humorous as I was led to believe . I do n't see a classic in here in any sense . The lighting/setting and music were the only descent things about this flick . I hung in there , waiting for the promised greatness to come , but all I got for my trouble was an Alistair Crowley wannabe spending the last 5 minutes of the film irritating me more than a parental lecture did at age 15 . If this is truly a 4-star film and someone butchered it this badly , they deserve to have their fingernails slowly ripped out with pliers and then be used as the guinea pig in an under-funded dental school.All that said this movie did do one thing it set out to . It scared me ... from ever even thinking about getting my hands on the original .
 Let the buyer beware
 This is the worst ! I ca n't possible say anymore !
 A shameful rip-off of all the original film 's fans by John Russo . The new footage is Amateur Hour & unnecessary , the new acting is pathetic & this DVD abomination should be shunned by everyone , old fans & new audiences wondering what all the classic fuss is about . -LRB- After I threw it across the room , my puppy even poohed on it ! -RRB-
 NOTLD is a odd horror movie made in the 60s with a low budget -LRB- The movie is shot in b & w ; and had unknown actors and basically one production design -LRB- a house -RRB- . The movie is good to watch only once or twice in either b & w ; or color -LRB- The colorized version is the best way to watch this -RRB- and the this is the movie that introduced us to zombie movies by a unknown director -LRB- back then -RRB- named George Romero . Do n't expect state-of-the-art special effects because the only effects they used were chocolate sauce and meat from the butcher Romero knew but expect a weird and sometimes creepy horror movie that remains a classic still . Theres been lots of DVD releases of this one stick with the Millennium Edition and skip the 30th Anniversary Edition.Other Recommende zombie movies : Dawn of the Dead -LRB- 1978 version -RRB- ZombieZombie LakeDead Heat
 This is perhaps the worst movie ever made.If you want to see a real cult classic , buy The Little Shop Of Horrors -LRB- the original -RRB- or Robot Monster . Heck , even The Creeping Terror is better . The actors and actresses are very dumb and ca n't even act . The screenplay looks like it was written by a 6 year old . Do n't make the mistake of buying this .
 This ia a movie about zombies who surround a farm in search of human flesh . The stupid people inside fight and bicker amongst themselfs while more and more zombies surround the house making escape immpossible.If you love good classic horror , This is not it , get the classic universal movies but stay away from the rest of this trilogy they only get worse .
 Gasses floating over graveyards make the dead bodies come back to life who then hunt the people down and try to eat their brains . Dis-orienting , unscary , mess of sloppy and unimpressive effects with no entertainment value at all . THE BLAIR WITCH PROJECT looks like a good time compared to this movie . BOO !
 If you liked the original , if you care about Romero 's work or like any of it even in the tiniest axon in the darkest corner of your mind , I implore , beg , and plead with you NOT TO BUY OR RENT -LRB- OR VIEW FOR FREE -RRB- THIS ABSOLUTE HATCHET JOB ON THE ORIGINAL -LRB- I 'm sorry to shout , but it 's warranted -RRB- . The extra footage sucks and is ludicrous . The new music destroys the movie . You 're not event given an opportunity to revert to the original . After watching it , squirming in my Barcalounger , feeling like Alex being force to watch ultraviolence in A Clockwork Orange , I destroyed the CD and burned the pieces . I wo n't have it in my house . I wo n't sell it to some poor unsuspecting schmuck . I wo n't even bury it where some future civilization may find it and judge us by it . DESTROY EVERY COPY YOU CAN FIND -- PLEASE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Like more than a few other poor souls who fell for this `` Special Super-Duper 30th Anniversary Edition '' of NOTLD , I thought this would be the best release yet from Anchor Bay -LRB- a company which , this title aside , can do no wrong -RRB- . Man , was I wrong . I just finished watching the 30th Anniversary version of the movie , and it is -- like many have already stated here -- an excising of 15 minutes of original footage en lieu of some ridiculous padding -LRB- an overacting priest , a family in an auto wreck , ` new ' zombies wandering the countryside -RRB- that in no way adds to the storyline . Unfortunately , the picture quality of the new footage is inconsistent with the 1968 version , so everything that 's been added is unfortunately hard to miss . The New & Improved soundtrack had me groaning at first , but got better as the film progressed -LRB- even though it resembled Tangerine Dream on a cheap keyboard -RRB- . I must commend whoever re-recorded the sound efx -LRB- gunshots , punches , etc. -RRB- , because that 's the one aspect of this edition that 's OUTSTANDING.The extras , which consist of a trailer , a making-of segment , a still gallery , and a pointless video clip from some obscure movie are pretty underwhelming . This Bill Hinzman guy should n't be holding his head up too high for whatever involvement he had here , along with buddy-boy John Russo.In short , I thought I 'd get this and maybe do away with my 10 + year old video copy , but I think I 'll stick with it . By comparison , this is the `` Definitive Inferior Version . ''
 This 30th Anniversary Edition is pathetic . New scenes were added , new music was added , the film was re-edited and changed . Each and every one of these things made it worse . Please search out the proper original version of this film that George A Romero directed . -LRB- try the Elite DVD for example -RRB- Avoid this one .
 someone who reads this review and is a fan of the original NOTLD and its sequels `` dawn of the dead '' and `` day of the dead '' , is probably wondering if i was crazy when giving this film only a 2 star rating . i 'd agree that i would be crazy for giving the original 1968 version of this film only a 2 star rating , but i am not rating the original version , i 'm critiquing the special 30th anniversary re-issue of the film.if you have been fortunate enough not to see this version , you 're probably wondering what the big difference between the original and this one is . and believe me there is a BIG difference.if you 're reading this , i 'm just going to assume that you 've seen the original version of the film so i do n't have to give a big long summary . if you 've never seen NOTLD and have no clue as to what i 'm talking about in this review , i apologize . please do n't let it stop you from seeing the original version of this cinematic masterpiece.anyway , to those who have been long term fans of the series let me say this
 I love the original 1968 version , and I was worried when I heard news of the `` Special Edition '' version being made . After viewing it , I lost all respect for the people involved , with the exception of Romero , who obviously had nothing to do with this rape of a classic . Judging from some of the reviews posted , many view it the same , and it looks as if some of the crew posted their own biased reviews . Someone stated that the new score was `` very very good '' . I beg to differ . The score sounds cheap and unimaginative , even to the point of ripping off some of the Phantasm theme in parts . I wo n't both asking why the moronic composer was allowed to act in this , but my only question is this . . Why did they shoot the new footage on such a clear sunny day and try to mesh that with the moody overcast sky of the original ? Stay away form this one , unless you love terrible acting , dull music , weak writing , and terrible directing . I am completely disapointed , and will never watch anything that Russo and company are involved with . Shame on them .
 I first saw Night of the Living Dead when I was nine during its original theatrical run . I rented it on 16mm film during college to show on campus . I saw it theatrically again in 1983 -LRB- on a double bill with Invasion of the Flesh Hunters -RRB- , and it was the first prerecorded VHS tape I ever bought . I even bought -LRB- and quickly discarded -RRB- the colorized version . I have owned , over the years , at least 6 VHS versions , and now have the Elite laser pressing . For a requirement for my Master 's degree , I compiled an annotated bibliography of works about the film . I know this movie pretty well , and this 30th anniversary edition ranks right up with the colorized version as one of the most ill-conceived `` enhancement '' projects in the history of video . As the bumper sticker says , `` If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . '' John Russo should take these words to heart . His new scenes add nothing interesting to the film . Does it matter that the cemetary zombie was an electrocuted murderer ? Does it help that we have several new `` featured '' zombies -LRB- to use Russo 's term -RRB- that do n't interact with anything in the original footage ? And why did Russo write a character as obnoxious as the Rev. Hicks , and give him so much screen time ? Russo and the other filmmakers spend A LOT of time on the commentary track talking about the care they used in matching the new footage with the old , but more care could have been expended in actually writing new scenes that meshed with the film . Russo also states that this is the best-looking version of the original film , even better than the Elite laser version . After comparing the two , I must differ . Many of the darker scenes on the 30th edition have been digitally lightened , making the picture look at times as if it were shot though a fine mesh . Russo also states that the filmmakers had always wanted an original score ; the new score is wimpy and Casio-like , and has none of the power of the original library tracks that Romero used . Overall , this disc is a colossal waste of the consumer 's money . Buy the Elite version and watch Night as it should be seen .
 I worked at a video store and played this film , which the musical score which they changed on this dvd ... ruined that horror classic feel that the original score had which made it scary , i just scene in tower another edition released thats uncut which should be alot better , it was just released .
 my review : Short version DO NOT BUY THIS DVDMy Review Long Version : Finaly i got myself a DVD player , and having always loved Night of The living Dead since it first scared me when i was twelve years old i knew i would like to own a copy.Alas the only version i could find at the time was the 30th anniversary edition ... which cost me $ 40 dollarsNow dont get me wrong i like the new scenes , even though they look some what out of place with the original footage -LRB- maybe a short half hour or hour prologue or epilogue would of worked better than butchering the original -RRB- . I am sure from the featurette that the all had fun making the new scenes and slotting family and friends into a cult classic , and the new music score is awesome -LRB- the actor who plays the priest proves he should stick to music and give up acting his preformace is worse than that of Bela Lugosi in Plan nine from outer space , which is a great film for all the wrong reasons -RRB- . As for the new scenes answering all the unanswerd questions from the original ... what questions ? ... in the comentary from John Russo and others they say the first zombie needs expalnation of where he came from ... Hell they are in a cematary use your imagination , films that let us use our imagination in an intelligent way are the ones we call masterpieces.Also in the new fottage if your unlucky enough to see it look for the zombie with the one arm ... at several points you can actualy tell the the girl has her arm tied behind her back under her clothes -LRB- digital effects must be a new then to these guys -RRB- especially when she leans over the car accident , and as for the extended radio dialog that clears up sooooo many imortant questions but just boggs you down in to much information that is unnecessary ... but i could go on.To sum up all i can say is all the above i can forgive cause if you take it for what it is it isnt to bad , anyway having sat throught the 30th anniversary edition -LRB- with and with out commentary -RRB- i happily sat down to watch the original 1968 version only to find it was not the original 1968 version as it contains the new music score and not the original stock music that was used ... alas this makes the whole dvd useless as the originaly chosen music is one of the originals charms , it contains music some may recognize as having been used in The hideous sun deamon , teenagers from outer space and terror from the year 5,000 . I do think that somewhere on the packaging they should of pointed out the the `` so called '' 68 version had the new music score , false adversiseing maybe?alas just today i was out of town and found my self in a store that had a cheap $ 9:95 version of the 1968 Night of the Living dead on DVD -LRB- yes with original music in place -RRB- and was very tempted , but unless John Russo is willing to give me back my $ 40 for the new version i 'm not willing to buy the other one , and anyway having it here will be a reminder to be more careful.The digital remastering of the video is excellent , but i would of settled for a little grainy if i could of just had the film i first saw when i was twelve.I guess this little tale of buyer beware proves that expensive is not always better . find the original version with the original stock music in place it is sooooo much better .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- Let 's face it , if you 're reading this review chances are , you are a NOTLD fan ... good for you . I do n't have to waste my any of my 1,000 words saying what an amazing film the original version was . But if you have n't seen this `` updated '' version and are considering purchasing it , do n't . I can type all day about the offenses this film spewed upon its viewers , but let 's narrow it down to a few :1 . When a movie 's done , it 's done . Do n't add to it , do n't punch it up . It 's done . You want to continue to ride on the success of a film , make a sequel , or if you 're lazy enough make a remake . Lucas almost killed Star Wars , these knuckleheads should have learned their lessons .2 . What was with that bald priest ? Did they have auditions or did Russo lose a bet ? 3 . Bill Hinzman
 This disk is not worth the money or the metal and plastic used to record it . Do yourself a favor and buy the Elite version . Russo & co. are just out to make a quick buck by exploiting this classic . This is one of the best horror films ever made and this so-called `` Special Edition '' adds nothing to the film . The Elite version should be available on Amazon . Sure , you may pay a few dollars more -- but Romero did NOT authorize this re-edited disk . Besides , the picture quality is far superior on the Elite disk . The one star rating is for the `` 30th Anniversary '' edition only . Otherwise , the film gets FIVE stars .
 The 3-d has to be used with some special razor 3d glasses reg 3D glasses dont work . I wish I had known that before ordering .
 This `` 30th anniversary edition '' of `` Night of the Living Dead '' is obviously somebody 's idea of a joke . The print is marvelous . The new scenes and new music , however , destroy the mood and pace of the movie -- a movie that was pretty much without a plot to begin with . Here , it may as well have none . The new music is the same repetitious , `` Halloween '' - clone droning heard in a million other horror flicks , and many of the new scenes feature a very poorly played fire-and-brimstone preacher apparently intended to function as a parody of a fire-and-brimstone preacher . Why , is anyone 's guess . The prologue , in which the cemetery zombie climbs out of his coffin just before he can be buried , destroys the impact of the scene that formerly opened the film . Before , the ghoul had appeared out of nowhere , and we did n't know who , or what , he was . Now we do . Way to go , new producers . This 30th-anniversary farce demonstrates how easily an effective film can be destroyed by ill-advised alteration .
 This is a horror masterpiece . There 's some good amateur acting and some violence and gore , but there 's also a strong plot and an incredibly tense atmosphere . George A. Romero , like Alfred Hitchcock , plays his audience like a piano.This DVD by -LRB- shudder -RRB- Madacy has lousy picture quality and wafer thin sound . The extras -LRB- trivia game , biography , poster art -RRB- are typical of Madacy .
 This is THE biggest waste of money I have ever encountered . I had n't seen the film since I was a kid , so I bought it hoping to see a re-enactment of my childhood memories , and it seemed that this was n't the way I had remembered the film.So to compensate , I took a chance and bought the Elite Entertainment THX Millennium Edition of `` Night Of The Living Dead '' to see the way this classic was supposed to be.Well , to say the least I snapped this `` 30th Anniversary Edition '' in half and burnt the rest of the material in protest . In short , THIS ANCHOR BAY EDITION IS THE MOST HORRIBLE PRESENTATION OF THIS CLASSIC . YOU MUST AVOID !
 I am commenting on the 30th Ed only not the film as it was made orginally ; -LRB- which gets 5 stars for being a perfect example of a horror movie -RRB- . This version of easily a classic film is dreadful . I do n't just mean ` Anne Nicole Smith ' dreadful but more ` Pauly Shore ' dreadful.What u get here is an extra 15 min of footage added to an already perfect film and 15 min of orginal footage taken out . Quite simply , the new footage is by far the worst slice of acting , ego and obession with a product that needed none of it.First of all John Russo is a hack that had to have his work polished by George A Romero back in 1968 to even make it a worthwhile film . Johns claim to fame on this movie is that he came up with the idea that the zombies would eat flesh . Based on that he has arranged with fellow delusional buddy 's to add more dimension to the story.He aint done this.What he has done is make new footage based around the graveyard zombie from the orginal and added the worst acting priest in the world . These scenes make a mockary of the entire film and i pledge people new to this film to watch the original as it should be seen.I have no issues with getting another addition of the movie so that the picture and sound are better , -LRB- personally the old grain effect added to the movie , but seeing it crystal clear was great -RRB- . But do not by this addition.It really does n't add to the film but clearly subtracts from the overall movie . I did enjoy the more extensive scenes with the zombies from the diner and the car wreak but that was it.Oh actually the music was ok but those new scenes are just that bad . It gets one star because the original is a classic and well worth multiple views , this is worth dumping in the nearest bin.DO NOT PURCHASE AND DO NOT SUPPORT THIS DVD ...
 Every single moment of new footage and new scoring is a raging miscalculation . You 're left bewildered , scratching your head , wondering how good-intentioned people could screw up so comprehensively . Get the great Elite edition instead .
 The DVD you will receive in the mail is not the one pictured . This has been my most disappointing Amazon purchase yet . The DVD itself looks as though it was made by a 16-year old in his basement with a laptop . Also , my copy was defective . When I reached the fifth chapter of the film , it just stops . Stay away from this version of the film .
 I notice some reviews below that refer to buying the Elite Entertainment DVD of Night Of The Living Dead . They 're absolutely right ! Their 5 star rating they 're giving is not for THIS DVD ! I do n't want to see people confusing this DVD for Elite 's DVD and making the mistake of buying this one . You will be cheated into getting a worthless piece of garbage that George Romero had absolutely NO involvement with . It 's just an excuse to give the filmakers an ego trip and get their families involved in something they missed the first time around . That , and greed , pure and simple.If you really must see this edition -LRB- if only for comparing it to the original -RRB- RENT it . You might get a laugh out of the 15 minutes worth of new footage of actors you do n't really care about , apart from the cemetery zombie , looking 30 years older and 30 pounds heavier , which does n't do anything to add to the story . But mostly what you 'll get is disgusted , especially with how much of the original movie they remove . The new `` score '' by Scott Vladimir Lucina does n't hold a candle to the library music which was used in the original version . There is also an audio commentary with the filmakers applauding their efforts and saying how seamless the new footage is incorporated into the movie . This is far from the truth and they know it , judging from the joking around and the frequent gaps of silence.The `` 98 '' edition is equally appalling . It 's the original edit of NOTLD , but also the new `` score '' is here in all its ' glory . If Anchor Bay would 've used the library score on another track there would be less disatisfied viewers -LRB- well , I would be , for one -RRB- . And , contrary to the reviewer below me , there is NO , repeat NO deleted scenes added to this version . In fact , it runs about 50 seconds shorter than Elite Entertainment 's version . Go figure.Oh yeah , the DVD suppliments . A useless theatrical trailer , a behind the scenes featurette that 's more boring than your neighbor 's home video -LRB- which essentially this is -RRB- , an appalling clip from Flesh Eater , an annoying Dance Of The Dead video that is unintentionally hilarious , and a still gallery accompanied by Lucina 's music . Whoop-de-dooo . There is also a `` 32-page , 4-color collector 's booklet '' about the making of this edition but precious little about making the original.The one positive thing I can say is that the video quality is very good , but no more than Elite Entertainment 's DVD which is hands down the one to buy . Anchor Bay 's is the one to burn.Please note that I did n't mention Scott Vladimir Lucina 's acting ability .
 Missing dialog !!! No kidding . If you want to be stunned by the fact that miscellaneous , important dialog -LRB- 28 seconds worth -RRB- is actually missing buy this . It is actually quite a joke . I can not belive that this is even available . Check out -LRB- regular http address prefix , then -RRB- film.thedigitalfix.com/content/id/71678/night-of-the-living-dead.htmlfor some of the missing dialog -LRB- scroll down -RRB- as well as a fair comparison of this Blu Ray with Optimum 's version.This disc should be pulled from distribution . Buyer beware!I wish I could give it less than one star ...
 was to buy this edition . Run away . Turn back , before it 's too late . This piece of crap deserves NO STARS but that is not an option . The only postive thing I can say is that the video transfer of the original is nice ... not great but nice . The new stuff is unwatchable . Just say boo !
 This 30th anniversary is probably good for a rent to compare the difference between this and the original , BUT DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY BUYING IT . This film has been wrongly tampered with and the original film is just so much better . Not only are the new scenes obviously poorly sliced in , you can tell the difference in the film and the surroundings . The new soundtrack is a mistake , the original was so much better and the new begining and ending do n't do anything new or add any flavor . Rent it . . do n't buy it
 Night of the living dead is not only a cult classic , but a great film , frightening , suspenseful , intelligent , beautiful because its cheap budget made it rely on subtle mechanisms and strong acting , but 30th ANNIVERSARY EDITION has BUTCHERED that simple brilliance . The edition offers two versions of the film , neither of which are original . One is a 1998 version , mostly identical to the '68 cut , but with a new score by a composer of campy ` horror flick ' music . This may be a cheap rip-off of the success the ACCLAIMED composer , philip glass , had with re-scoring the original Dracula with bela lugosi , but the new score for Living Dead does nothing but take away from the film 's suspense and beauty.The other version is labled as the 30th Anniversary Edition , with NEW , -LRB- not original deleted -RRB- , scenes . They were filmed recenly , with new technology , so the scened do n't mesh well , and they have no bearing on the original plot.This edition is ostentatious and campy . it is a cheap effort to capitalize on an old success . The effect is a worsened film , no better than the multitudes of B movies that rushed at its heels like so many gold-diggers to a brand new mine.DO NOT BUY THIS EDITION OF NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD
 One day when I was about 13 , I bought a old VHS of Night of the Living Dead at Wal-Mart for $ 5 . I had no idea what I was buying and no idea what kind of horror I was about to witness . I made the mistake of watching the movie by myself in a dark room that night . Halfway through the movie I had the light on and was peering out the window and looking at the door to the TV room . This movie scared the heck out of me . Anything to do with Zombies would forever scare me especially when I watched the other movies by Romero and played the Resident Evil Games on Playstation . That was then and now I am 27 . I still have the VHS copy of Night of the Living Dead . I will never get rid of it because that movie still scares me to this day . Then I am looking thru the DVD movies and I come across this movie . Night of the Living Dead - 30th Anniversary Edition . My first thoughts were , Awsome ! I then sat and watched all the aspects of this DVD . I can not believe they tried to milk this movie again and all they accomplished was defiling this great horror classic . The only reason I gave it 2 stars was because the new score music was pretty cool , but did not belong in this movie . What they should have really done was code this movie to DVD without altering it at all . The new re-edited , re-scored , extras scene added version of this horror classic is a horror to watch . The new added scenes actually had me laughing at the bad acting . I know many of you are saying , bah ! What do you know ! Let me explain .1 . The added scenes where completly horrible and full of bad acting . Yes the scenes were added seamlessly because they remastered the movie . The preacher was a horrible Billy Zane wannabe and the zombies in the new footage could not even walk like a zombie . Another scene had a car crash where the driver hit the winshield and lost his brain , and the wife in the passenger seat and two daughters in the back of the car have no injuries and seemed to have remained in their seats and not sprawled all over the car after a head on collision with a tree . They were not even wearing seatbelts ! Many of the Zombies just walked normally , how horrible ! And they spent money to add this footage ? Total rip-off ! 2 . The added score is completely awful . This is a old movie and needed the old sounding music from the orginal . They try to add the new score everywhere in this movie ! Someplaces in the movie need to have no music ! This sets the mood and has the audience on edge . The orginal score , what they called `` library music '' , was better than the junk they added . 3 . The totally ripped and hacked the movie cuting out dead scenes that took up space . This space is needed to again keep the audience on edge and have them thinking what will happen next . So what do you get ? I hacked and cut movie where some parts are cut to add the 15 minutes of new footage . A total waste . 4 . All the extras are just a waste of time to watch . If you have to have this DVD to add to your collection , do n't say I warned you . It is horrible , horrible , horrible . You are better off finding the movie un-edited . Yes the re-mastering cleared it up , but the blurryness of the orginal added to the horror of the movie . On a final note , if it aint broke , DO N'T FIX IT !
 NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD is indeed a terrific film but this colorized edition stinks
 This 30th anniversary version of NOTLD is a grotesque and venal deconstruction . Here is one of the few truly great horror films ever made ; yet John Russo & co. thought it needed improving . So they cut out some of the `` slow '' scenes and inserted several new ones . The result is an unqualified disaster . These new segments -- talky , poorly shot , and poorly acted -- subvert all the carefully built-up rhythms of the original . And speaking of rhythms
 I am a filmmaker and fan of NOTLD . I have never been so offended by a `` special edition '' of a film in all my life . The new scenes are poorly acted and edited , the new score is a laughable MIDI nightmare of its own , and the sound mix has been worsened by bad sync and poorer sound effects quality than the original back in 1968 . To those who willingly particpated in this travesty - shame on all of you .
 You 'd be much better off buying Madacy Entertainment 's poor-quality , budget-minded version . At least that version maintains the integrity ofGeorge Romero 's vision . Anchor Bay 's so-called `` expanded and enhanced '' version consists of 15 minutes of the most horrible acting in the history of American cinema . The new `` score '' does n't score at all . Worse yet -LRB- and that 's saying a lot -RRB- , the DD 5.1 soundtrack relies too much on the center-channel giving the new dialogue -LRB- HA ! -RRB- an unrealistic `` tinniness '' . The transfer quality shows signs of neglect near the bottom of the screen in certain sequences . Buyer beware
 Warning to readers
 NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD is one of my all-time favourite Horror films but it looks sooooooooo weak in colour , it takes every chill and thrill out of the film and makes it look like the SESAME STREET HALLOWEEN SPECIAL . Duane Jone 's face looks like expired chocolate and the zombies look like normal people . Turn your back on this one , Horror fans and see the B&W version instead .
 You guys were right ! A friend of mine bought this new version and it is laughable . All they did was screw up a movie that was already as near a perfect classic as you can get . To anyone thinking of buying this DVD - SAVE YOUR MONEY ! Buy the limited release Halloween instead . With an improved picture and remastered THX sound , it 's how a rerelease sound be done .
 I just bought this on Amazon used , and it has absolutly NO subtitles at all ... which is very unfortunate cause its almost like false advertisement.Since , I am a big fan of this film , I intend on keeping it , because there are soooo many copies out there of this film.The picture is a little fussy , and the sound is n't that great either ... but I got it for damn subtitles ... oh well !
 Another terrible movie from that terrible Director George A. Romero . This time , there are only about twenty zombies waiting outside.The zombies in this look better than those in Dawn of the Dead -LRB- 1978 -RRB- but are still very boring and unrealistic . Like i 've said before , zombies would n't be able to move without certain orgains opertating properly in their bodies . Another thing I have just discovered is the fact that if the heart and lungs were operating and moving the body , then the rest of the organs in the body would be recieving blood , so they would be operating too . Meaning the body would be alive . ALIVE !!!! The story is terrible . A group of people seek shelter in some house and , for some reason , are afraid to leave . There are about 15-20 zombies waiting outside . Why do n't they just brake in the house ? Because the man sets a chair on fire and throws it outside . Wait a minute . Why are they afraid of fire ? They 're dead . They do n't know what fire is and they do n't get hurt by the flames . Why does it scare them so ? Romero never answered that question . It sounds to me like Romero just needed an answer.Another question not answered . Why are zombies walking around the earth ? They put out the idea of radiation from Venus , but never confirmed it . In Dawn of the Dead -LRB- 1978 -RRB- they said that there was a possibility of a viral outbreak . So , they still have n't found the answer . I wonder when Romero will tell the answer . If Romero does n't need to answer the question , why does James Gunn 's and Zack Snyder 's obviousley superior version of Dawn need an explanation . They set out the idea of a virus , just like the original Dawn . Who knows ? It sounds to me like the people are just trying find away to make an argument between which version of Dawn was better . The answer to that is obvious . The new Dawn.The acting is terrible . I know it was low-budget , but you could get better women performances from the lady serving you at the resteraunt . The women in the movie were just terrible . The men were good , but the women were terrible . I could n't stand them.This is a comedy that was poorly done . It was n't very funny and ... What ? It 's not a comedy ? It looked like a comedy . It was n't scary , or entertaining as a matter of fact . I thought they were trying to be funny . The way the zombies acted , the acting , the lines , the pathetic attempt to gas up the truck . I thought this was supposed to be a comedy.This is a terrible movie and a terrible DVD . I think it 's about time George Romero died . He 's just not a good director.Thank god they fired him from Resident Evil . I ca n't stand thinking of the name . George A. Romero 's Resident Evil . It 's the George A. Romero 's part that I do n't like . Paul Anderson did a better job than Romero would have ever done .
 What the hell is this ? How the hell could this inspire anything ? This is crap.Romero begins his `` dead trilogy '' with this piece of crap . Then follows it with another piece of crap . Then follows it with another piece of crap.It all starts with a trip to the cemetery . This is where Romero shows just how terrible the actors are . Our main female character , Barbara , is a pathetic woman who 's brother is too childish . He says , `` They 're coming to get you Barbara . They coming for you . '' What was Romero thinking when he came up with this?The whole movie takes place in some tiny house in the middle of an empty field . Inside this house , a dead woman . During the movie , about twenty zombies -LRB- who do n't go to the mall -RRB- wait outside . Why do n't they go inside and attack the people ? Because the lead male character throws a burning chair outside . This scares the zombies -LRB- for some reason -RRB- and keeps them away from the house.Now the acting in this movie is not too bad . Just kidding . It 's terrible . Especially the females . I know there were better women actors out back in the sixties . Barbara tries to recreate the `` tragedy '' the occurs at the beginning . When she says , `` He grabbed me . '' She actually starts grabbing herself . Then she says , `` He grabbed out my clothes . '' She actually starts grabbing her clothes and pulling on them . It 's ridiculous.Romero decides to have a pathetic scene where the characters try to gas-up the truck . This is where Romero shows off his terrible writing by having the zombies fear fire . Zombies do n't attack the people because of the fire . Ridiculous.The worst part about all this is that it fails to be funny . I know Romero was trying to be funny , but he failed miserably . The jokes are terrible . The actors he hired were not meant to be in comedies . Every time they told the audience a joke , it just came out as stupid lines of dialogue.This crack-head had no idea how to film a movie , and he still does n't . Let 's all wait for his fourth peice of crap that he pulls out of his a $ $ and molds into a film , just so we can laugh at it.Oh , by the way . I recall someone saying that Romero has an original idea going on with his fourth film . Last I checked , he had a vehicle in it called the `` Dead Reckoning '' . It was a bunch of armored busses . Sounds like a recent zombie movie . Does n't it ? Then idiots will try to tell you that Romero wrote the script first , so he did n't take anything . That 's wrong . The original script for the remake of Dawn was written in 1999 . Romero did n't write his script for his fourth dead film until 2001 . Seems to me that they have been trying to get the remake of Dawn made longer than the time Romero 's been trying to get his fourth film made.The most disgusting thing of all is that people in the sixties `` flocked like birds to this stink bomb . '' -- Matt Perri . He 's one of those people that say that nobody can compare `` 28 Crappy Days Later '' to zombie movies , but anybody can compare zombie movies to `` 28 Crappy Days Later '' . Yes , that was a qoute from the remake of Dawn , but I wanted to give him credit because he said it first . Yep , he does comapre `` Dawn 2004 '' to `` Days '' , even though he has said you ca n't compare them . He does it anyway.Can you believe . You Romero fans are e-mailing me . You do n't see me e-mailing anybody . Even if they call a movie a like the dumbest thing ever made.OH , and all you people that say the original `` Dawn '' is good because it is about `` consumerism '' . Does that mean if I do a 2 hour movie about a leaf growing on a tree , then following to the ground , it should become a `` classic '' . Right ? That what you guys are saying with the original `` Dawn '' . It was about `` consumerism '' , it was stupid . I got into an argument at school with my Spanish teacher who used to work at a video rental . We were talking about the original `` Dawn '' and the remake -LRB- this was during class . Everyone in the room was listening -RRB- . All he would ever go back to was the fact that it was about `` consumerism '' . That 's it . Whenever I got him , he would say the original was about `` consumerism '' , and the remake was not . This means , to me , that if one were to do a movie and make a metaphor out of it , then one would get lots of money . That 's what Romero fans did with Romero 's films . He made a metaphor , and you liked . That does n't take away the fact that his movies are boring , cheesy , stupid , pathetic , idiotic pieces of crap he pulled out of his as * and molded into a film . I make a movie about a leaf falling to the ground . First we watch it grow for two hours , then it falls . No acting , no script , No CGI , no visuals , nothing , but i 'm making a metaphor . I 'm saying that we are all leaves growing on a tree until our time is up , then we fall on the ground . It should be a classic . Right ? That 's what Romero fans did with the crappy `` dead trilogy '' . Hey , they call it a `` dead trilogy '' for a reason . It 's dead . Let it go . Romero sucks.E-mailing people you do n't know . Is that what Romero fans like to do to pass the time ?
 The MOVIE is 5 stars.This DVD is 1 star.This is the re-edited version of the original classic . If you want the original classic them go elsewhere . If you want to see a new `` version '' - not a remastered version ! - but a new `` version '' with new soundtrack , editing and scenes then this may be for you . If you want the original classic then go elsewhere to look for it!You have be warned .
 Really , NOTLD was a great movie , you can not improve upon greatness , so do n't try . I know John Russo worked on the screenplay to the first NOTLD , but he should have left it alone . All the talent must have been from the great George A. Romero . John Russo should stick to skin filcks like his Santa Calws and Scream Queen 's Naked Christmas where nobody cares about a story line . Leave the classics to someone who knows what they are doing !
 Why is n't anyone reviewing the Blu-Ray `` Night of the Living Dead '' I 've gone through all newest reviews not one talks about the new Blu-Ray copy . Why ??
 Some years back , a colorized version of `` NOTLD '' appeared on TV ; the stark black and white zombies of one of my favorite independent films suddenly became green.Yes , green.I did n't watch more than ten minutes of that version , and I should 've stopped at about the same minute count with this `` 30th Anniversary '' version.The added prologue , epilogue and additional scenes -LRB- which were n't cut from the original film , but recently filmed for inclusion here -RRB- not only fail to make any significant contribution to `` NOTLD , '' they actually DETRACT from it.For instance , why would you want to mute one of the most chilling openings in film history ? I 'm referring , of course , to the opening scene where the main undead character slowly ambles up to the bickering brother and sister , eventually killing the brother.That scene , however , no longer opens the movie . Now , we get a couple of country bumpkins going off to bury a corpse.The new material is warped not only by poor writing -- the additional material serves NO PURPOSE to the story -- but abysmal acting.Despite its budgetary constraints , the original `` NOTLD '' had some decent acting . Duane Jones in particular does a terrific job . This new version contains some performances so terrible as to incite its own form of terror
 Made with a $ 5 budget and 5 cent actors . The script was wanting for a script . The director appeared to make up the flow of the plot as the story fumbled along .
 The following review refers to the 30th anniversary edition . I was expecting a lot from this edition , but after watching it I was very disappointed . In my opinion , the added footage does n't really add anything to the movie . If anything , it detracts from it . The new music score is also very disappointing . Loud , overbearing , and totally out of place in this film . And I wo n't even go into how terrible the acting is in the new scenes . If you have never seen night of the living dead , I definitely do n't recommend this version for your first viewing . Actually , I do n't recommend this version at all . Stick to the original .
 I 'll make this quick because people must know this before buying this horrible atrocity of a Special Edition ! The new score that has been added sounds like terrible last-minute MIDI crap and the extra scenes have no relevance or point at all as they are filmed just before it was put on the dvd -LSB- I 'm guessing ' 97 ? -RSB- . The extra ending actually has a character overcome being a zombie ? Yeah , really stupid , I know . I recently bought a plain ordinary edition of Night of the Living Dead for 10 $ or so and I recommend you just do that or get the Millenium Edition everyone is raving about . Do n't fall into the trap of buying this horrible HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE !! edition of a brilliant classic . Trust me on this .
 This is one of the worst transfers of Night of the Living Dead I have ever seen . It looks to me like this was an old 16mm educational print that was `` reamastered '' -LRB- read re-transferred -RRB- to DVD to avoid copyright violation of re-releasing someone else 's videomaster . For those who do n't know , NOLTD is in public domain and these pirates are releasing the film without compensating the filmmakers for their hard work . If you want to see an excellent transfer with great extras that has been approved by the filmmakers , check out the Millennium Edition from Anchor Bay .
 I 've been putting off watching this version of NOTLD for quite some time ... every review I 'd read about it warned me away from wasting my time and money on the 30th Anniversary edition , but finally curiosity got the best of me , and I rented it tonight . While it 's not as terrible as most reviewers would have one believe , it definitely could have been done better . The idea itself had a lot of potential , but this potential is never realized . I can see four main problems with this version.First of all , the new scenes stick out like a sore thumb ... as well-filmed as most of them are , and as much as some of the new scenes truly do serve the story -LRB- the scene of the family killed in the car crash coming back to life is as disturbing as any zombie scene from the original -RRB- , they look far too `` clean '' to be grafted into the original 1968 version . Surely there 's some way to `` age '' this footage to make it look just as grainy as the original footage ... even the near-pristine Millennium Edition released by Elite is n't quite as clean as the new scenes . There should have been some attempt to keep some consistency between the orignal footage and the added scenes , even if it was at the expense of the picture quality of the new footage.Second , there 's the music . Scott Vladimir Licina has composed a new score for the film that would sound right at home on a Midnight Syndicate album ... but as much as I like that style of music , it has no place in a film that is as established a horror classic as NOTLD . Here and there , the score of the original version , which was not composed specifically for the film but expertly pieced together from the Capitol Records Hi-Q Library , peeks through for a few minutes , but then is overtaken by Licina 's modern synth-heavy score . Just as with the new film footage , there is a big problem with consistency here . The film should have either been completely re-scored with Licina 's modern music , leaving out all of the original soundtrack -LRB- not an option I 'm fond of , but an option nonetheless -RRB- , or the original score should have been kept intact , possibly supplemented by compatible musical themes from the Capitol Records library or whatever its equivalent would be today.Third , there 's the issue of Bill Hinzman 's character ... as awesome as his original graveyard zombie was , there was no need to `` resurrect '' him for the new footage . One could honestly mistake the zombie in the new footage as having been played by a different actor ... the new scenes show him with a far pastier , paler complexion than his 1968 performance , and his hair is n't even consistent -LRB- but then , if you look closely in the original version , his hair is average-length in the cemetery scenes and is then in a crew-cut in the attack at the end of the film , so maybe this aspect is excusable , albeit in a tongue-in-cheek fashion -RRB- . This could have been worked around by simply not showing his face in the new footage ... done properly , the audience would still be able to make the connection.Finally , the ending was completely uncalled for ... the radiation explanation suggested -LRB- but never completely established -RRB- by the original was more than adequate . The `` One Year Later '' nonsense forces us to sit through more apocalyptic ramblings by Licina 's annoying priest character , who had already worn out his welcome by the time Hinzman 's zombie puts the bite on him . It also is a bit confusing , since at the very end we jump back in time to the bonfire and the gritty stills showing Ben 's final moments.In the bonus features , I saw John Russo , Russ Streiner , Bill Hinzman , and even Karl `` Harry Cooper '' Hardman participating in the filming of the new footage , but the one person from the original NOTLD crew who could have possibly pulled this off was nowhere to be found . George Romero had nothing to do with this production ... he likely knew better than to try improving on his original masterpiece . In any case , while I may come back to view this version now and then just for something different , it in no way supplants the original version , no more than Dean Lachiusa 's downright disrespectful `` Survivor 's Cut '' does -LRB- but we 'll save that for another review -RRB- . It 's an intriguing aside , but the real collector 's item is and always will be Elite 's Millennium Edition .
 do not purchase this version of notld unless all other versions are phased out . horrible film transfer , with lots of missing film and dialogue.you 're better off taping it on a & e w/the commercials cut out .
 I just picked up this version of night of living dead . I already have all the other special editions of the film , However this one had a commentary from Mike Nelson from Mystey Science Theater 3000 which i figured would be quite funny . Much to my suprise the quality of the film was about the same as my old VHS version , and the commentary was just rotten he tried so hard to be funny but he fell flat no humor at all . Such a waste !!!!!!
 The item was not able to play because the blue ray was for a different zone , more likely another country , I would not purchase an item not playable in the united states . I am totally disappointed in amazon and will think twice before I purchase anything from here again .
 Creepy little movie yet poor taste , Gore is n't as bad as the next in the installments , Would n't define as Classic Horror but Classic Shock .
 I was raised on horror movies , and Romero 's `` Dead '' trilogy in particular . Naturally , when I got a DVD player , this was one of the first films that I wanted . Thankfully , I took this edition out of the library rather than purchasing it , because I would have kicked myself forever for buying it . My advice ? Go for another edition with more extras , or buy the VHS version . It 's not worth the money . I only gave this one star because the computer kicked it back without a rating .
 All right , now I am no fan of zombie movies , but if anything I suppose there has to be some limited appreciation for this , Romero 's film which some say ` started this whole zombie thing ' . As such , I do appreciate that Romero understands there is more to fright then gore . In fact , as far as I am concerned the focus is all on those inside the house , with yes that memory about what lurks outside.Still though , I just do not see anything too particularly enthralling about zombies . I mean , they are zombies with zombiesqe movements and zombiesh attitudes . This means they are slow and boring . Now as I mentioned , Romero helped alleviate this , but I still , with my clear anti-zombie bias , am not a fan of this film . Sorry .
 Black and White made the atmosphere of this Romero classic perfect . Even on some levels , the Black and White helped in the racial undertones that you feel in the movie where the black man is the hero for the scared white people in the farmhouse . But colorized?The effects work in B&W. ; In color they 'll just look campy.This was a bad marketing idea .
 I have no idea how this film ever made it to cult status . I thought it might have been taken as a `` turkey '' - an unintentional comedy because of its dismal production values , 8 mm film quality , and 20 $ reel to reel tape recorder audio standards . No ! There are people who actually find this frightening . I want their names so that I wo n't have them around me during a real crisis - they would probably fall apart . I do n't get this film . A group of ugly actors stumble around trying to act like zombies . Occasionally , they eat meat - pretending it is human flesh . It is n't scary . It is simply a low budget , drive in movie that might have filled the third slot of a late night triple feature . The story could be told in 30 seconds . Horribly bad . And I do n't mean so bad that it is campy and funny . Just horribly bad .
 Like the title says , I did n't find anything great about this movie , it was boring , dull and so weak that I fell asleep watching it.And no , I saw this long before I saw Resident Evil , which I found more entertaning then this .
 Jesus Christ George ! How many times are you going to re-re-re-re-release this movie ? Their are as many versions of this movie floating around as their are Friday the 13th episodes . Quadruple dipping must be a George thing .
 I would n't waste my time on this one , do n't get confused like me - the one we 're all looking for says `` 40th Anniversary Edition '' and `` 2 Disc Set '' or `` No B.S. '' in the title and description . That 's the original movie released to celebrate the 40th Anniversary .
 Well , i 've always been a fan of zombie movies , especially Dawn of the dead which i own about two copies of it on DVD.I also saw Day of dead which was ` nt as good as dawn but was an ok movie . I 've never seen Night of the Living dead before last night , although i did hear about it alot and that it is one of the best zombie movies as well as being a landmark of horror movies.I was excited to see it , so i bought the DVD and just last night i watched it , and to my surprise i found Night quit dissapointing , it had poor acting , poor editing , poor music , and poor directing in addition of not being scary at all.So i felt really bad and dissapointed for wasting money on this crap and for wasting my time on such an over-rated movie that has no potential of being anything other than a dead classic that should be left to its own time .
 This has to be the worst movie ever made . It was incredibly violent and led to many of today 's gory movies . There is also a brief -LRB- but not graphic -RRB- scene of nudity , and plenty of profanity . If you like zombie movies get these instead.White Zombie -LRB- 1932 -RRB- Revolt of the Zombies -LRB- 1936 -RRB- King of the Zombies -LRB- 1941 -RRB- Plan 9 from Outer Space -LRB- 1958 -RRB- Invisible Invaders -LRB- 1959 -RRB- The Last Man on Earth -LRB- 1963 -RRB- They Came from Beyond Space -LRB- 1967 -RRB- Shock Waves -LRB- 1976 -RRB-
 I picked up NotLD in the `` Hollywood Classics '' packaging , and I just have to say it is the WORST quality presentation of this movie I 've ever seen . Granted the original is n't crystal clear , either , but this version is jumpy and rife with static . I returned it for an extra copy , and had the same problem . Perhaps `` Hollywood Classics '' uses cheap equipment , or perhaps the masters they have are on their last leg , who knows ? I would , personally , recommend you seek out one of the better versions .
 This is a terrible edition of a classic horror film . Go with the Elite DVD . This one is awful . : -LRB-
 I LOVE ZOMBIE FILMS , BUT THIS 30th ANNIVERSARY EDITION IS AWFUL . IN ALL OF FILM HISTORY , THE BALD HEADED PREACHER TAKES THE CAKE AS THE MOST ANNOYING ACTOR I HAVE EVER SEEN . WATCH THE ORIGINAL BUT LEAVE THIS SAD PIECE OF WORK IN THE BASEMENT . NUFF SAID .
 Thanks to the many reviews of the 30th anniversary edition of this classic film I 've decided to ignore it completely and order the collectors edition released a few years back -LRB- on DVD that is , I 've owned several copies on VHS -RRB- . This is a classic.Anyone who is into horror films should own this ,
 Any idiot who gives this pile of monkey spunk more than a star desrves to have paid for it . This 30th Anniversary DVD is the worst thing I have ever seen . I only wished I 'd payed attention to the net buzz before I paid for the thing ...
 Like every other unofficial Blu-ray release of Night , Forgotten Films product is thoroughly plagued with cropping , insofar as canceling out roughly 20 % of picture of each frame . If you want proof , visit DVDBeaver.com and see the substantial difference between F.F. 's release and Elite 's . Still , the Millennium DVD is the way to go . Yes , the picture might not be Blu-ray quality , but at least you 're getting the full picture.SOMEONE , PLEASE GIVE NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD A DECENT BLU-RAY RELEASE , FOR F * ! K SAKE !!!
 I 've been looking for a BD release of this to complete the series and jumped at the chance even at the price.Put it in the player only to be met with a message of ` Disc can not be played because the player setup specifies a different region code ' . Nowhere in the listing did it say what region this was for.Same way I got screwed on the 3d releases of RE : Afterlife and Saw 3d - Amazon never mentioned in the listing that it was n't 3d on a blu-ray until after they shipped the listing suddenly now links to ` how Blu-Ray 3D works ` I 'd expect this if I 'd ordered from the UK site which I have done for items I ca n't find in the states , but why would you sell an item that is n't usable to 99 % of the public ?
 All I got to say is that this edition was completely butchered . It was good for them to have the old edition on the same disc , but the new edition was very unnecessary . Why add `` new '' material to that that was already classic ? That 's like putting in a new chariot race in Ben-Hur . The images look great , there is no fuzziness on this disc at all -LRB- the main reason why I give this two stars -RRB- . If you want to see a new edition of this movie , this is for you ; but if you want to see the original in its entirety , avoid it .
 Save your money , and avoid this DVD like the plague . It 's another snake-oil-salesman attempt at cheating you out of your money . This 1968 version of Night of the Living Dead was NOT shot in 3-D . This is 2-D to 3-D conversion of this 2-D movie , and probably the WORST conversion I 've ever seen . I bought this DVD and watched the 3-D , hoping for fun . But , it is mostly flat 2-D that has just been pushed a couple inches straight back -- there 's no 3-D form to anything . It 's completely bogus.This movie is classic black & white horror and well worth watching , without the extra eye strain of fake 3-D . Buy a normal DVD version.The original version of this movie is a classic , and you can find it on DVD -LRB- ASIN
 Putrid . It is a real shame when you see people who should be digging ditches or flipping burgers somewhere getting money to make a film . The additional scenes and new music score in this version of NOTLD made me cry . Blind , aimless talent took advantage of the copyright freedoms on this one and created what may be the worst expeirience in film histoy . Only in America can this kind of crap get through so many levels of screening and no doubt make money . I honestly think I will give up on caring about anything now that I realize I could probably vomit on celluloid and enjoy profitable returns .
 THOSE WHO ARE AFTER THE 3D VERSION TAKE NOTE : For some reason , every review for Night of the Living Dead , no matter what version of the 1968 release is all piled into one mess . Yes , all the 4 and 5 star ratings are NOT FOR THE 3D VERSION , but instead for the Millennium edition which is not 3D and a different product !! The 3D version is a total quickie conversion scam . I was using passive polarized glasses with the correct interlace settings and all it does is make the viewing screen look a bit deeper , so you are basically looking at 2D - just a bit further back ; THAT IS NOT 3D . Oh , and who ever produced this decided to super impose a few 3D gimmicks over the original 2D movie -LRB- terribly done and VERY very little of it -RRB- . So , you 're basically watching a 2D Movie with about 4 seconds of 3D that looks like it was created by a pre-teen with a laptop . I can only imagine how the anaglyph -LRB- red/cyan paper glasses -RRB- version looked . Probably even worse , plus a major headache.BUYER BEWAREStick with the classic 2D version -- the original film is a horror master piece , this so called , 3D version is a disgrace .
 This 30th Anniversary Edition takes the original Night of the Living Dead movie and throws in a new soundtrack and new scenes . As far as I was concerned , the original movie was perfect as is and this was unnecessary , however I decided to be openminded and give this edition a chance considering that the new material was written by John Russo -LRB- who co-wrote the original movie -RRB- , and has photography -LRB- and acting -RRB- by Hinzman -LRB- who also helped create the original -RRB- . I was completely let down.The new scenes include a new introduction , miscellaneous scenes of zombies marching and getting killed by rednecks , and a new epilogue . The miscellaneous scenes sometimes interfere with the flow of the movie , the makeup is less effective , and some of the new extras are terrible . They do a half decent job of editing in the new scenes , but they are still noticeable -LRB- for example , the fashions are not quite right -RRB- . The new introduction and epilogue are ridiculous.The intro merely establishes that the lead zombie -LRB- played by Hinzman -RRB- was a criminal when alive . This takes away from one of the films most effective elements
 I purchased this DVD with great anticipation . I really looked forward to new scenes -LRB- which I thought were cut from the original move , not added at a later date -RRB- . While the new scenes at the beginning helped to explain the beginning of the movie , it did n't make up for the footage cut . After viewing the entire movie , I was absolutely devastated that I had wasted my money on this assault on one of my favorite movies of all times . The new score also grated on me after about 5 minutes . I will be giving away this -LSB- DVD -RSB- as soon as possible . I appreciate the recommendations about the Elite edition - I think I 'll check that out . Thanks .
 Boy , this is a tough one . The original `` Night of the Living Dead '' is a landmark genre milestone , deserving buckets of praise . Despite pitiful actors , crude make-up effects and a budget from hell , George A. Romero really struck a nerve in 1968 . He created a classic that still to this day stands out as one of the best . A classic in no need of any additional scenes ... Therefore , I can not for the life of me explain how much I HATE this new version of the film . The 15 minutes of new footage brings absolutely nothing to the story . Only confusion and irritation . There is a new religious angle -LRB- given to us by the most hysterical and hideously overacted priest in cinematic history -RRB- , that completely ruins the quiet mood of the original . Some extra gore-scenes and shots of more modern looking ghouls have been added , replacing several well known zombie shots from the 60 's version.The soundtrack has been completely replaced by modern synthesized music , a move that finally puts the lid on the original movie , turning it into a modern day techno extravaganza with the 60 's atmosphere of a Marilyn Manson concert . The most tremendously clumsy and idiotic fault is that the sound is out of sync with the action in many scenes , which really makes you wonder who in God 's name approved the final print . The only good thing I can say about this new edition is that the picture quality has never been better . Super sharp and crystal clear , the best transfer ever.I really suffer with Mr. Romero ... His first masterpiece has been bashed by critics , truncated by censors and marketed by greedy people who ripped him off financially . It has been remade and restored with terrible results and he will forever be associated with every worthless new experiment , churned out by dollar hungry amateurs determined to bank in on his name.I sincerely hope he had nothing to do with this release . Romero is a quality-buff , adamant about the perfection of his work . He is hardly mentioned in the narration , and I 'm pretty sure he 's happy about it . Because no matter what happens , George A. Romero will always be the one and only inimitable master of the living dead.No one can ever take that away from him ...
 What happened ? Night of the living dead is one of the all time classics of horror.This limited edition of only 15000 -LRB- thank god -RRB- is terrible . Terrible soundtrack , terrible making of featurrette , terrible new scenes , etc.Oh and that score for the original come on what are they thinking . No wonder these where the people who brought you Santa Claws.The only good thing to come out of this was that unbelievable crystal clear quality of the original . Given that quality , a score approved by director romero , and commentary with romero youve got a winner . Fortunately , one already exists.Dont waste your time on this one .
 When I first saw the packaging for this Special Edition of Night of the Living Dead it said there was 15 minutes of new footage and a new score . Well , GREAT I thought . 15 minutes of new footage that must 've been cut out from the original release ! New score , well , that could be a good thing too!Until I opened the box to see the little booklet that revealed the ugly truth ... There are new scenes alright . New scenes made by new people TWO YEARS AGO ! The new scenes are badly acted , badly written , and badly edited . Scenes that subtract from the overall impact of the film and do nothing but taint a true horror classic . The new music is a cheesy synthesizer score that does nothing but irritate and distract throughout the film . -LRB- Cheesy synthesizer is good for other horror films , but it does NOT work well here . -RRB- I originally bought this at a store , got it home and did n't even sit through the whole thing . I zipped through various chapters to see the HORRIBLE new additions in all their glory . The next day I took it back and told them it skipped because I was so determined to get rid of it.STAY AWAY !
 This review pertains only to the `` 30th Anniversary Edition '' . I had been collecting George A. Romero 's `` Living Dead '' trilogy on DVD and had purchased this without paying enough attention . Big mistake.Night of the Living Dead has had some colossally confusing release patterns thanks to a copyright gaffe which had enabled every company under the sun to release the film and profit from it . But of the ` rogue editions ' I 've seen , nothing is worse than this one.Notice the list of personnel involved in this project
 Yes , Night of the Living Dead is an excellent , classic zombie movie , but the 30th anniversary edition is a sham with new footage , sound effects , and music haphazardly sandwiched in along with the original film . I have no problem with remaking a good movie . The 1990 remake of Night of the Living Dead was fantastic . Remakes or remasters are one thing , but adding brand new scenes to such a beloved film makes no sense . The producers of this final product -LRB- George Romero was not involved -RRB- should be ashamed of ruining a classic movie.The new footage , and when I say new , I mean new , shot 30 years after the original , has little to do with the original and really disturbs the flow . New sound effects and score are so heavy handed that they distract you from actually enjoying the movie.Please be aware that you are not buying a remastered Night of the Living Dead , but a remastered Night of the Living Dead with several new unrelated scenes , music , and sound effects . I just do n't want anybody else to get burned on this like I did .
 I was one of the LUCKY ones who did not buy this . I did however have the UN-Pleasant experience of seeing this `` Butchering '' of a classic . I saw the 30th Anniversary edition on one of the movie channels and said `` Hey I have n't seen this version before , Oh look the added stuff to it I wonder if it will be any good '' Well it is n't . The stuff they added in as plain of terms as I can think of SUCKS and in fact they actually cut other stuff in order to add the new stuff ... Is anyone else having a hard time with this ? Well the new stuff is n't restored or anything in fact it was re-shot and poorly added in . I work in a movie theater as a projectionist so while I notice some of the smaller stuff . . this stuff is noticable by everyone . In fact I 'm going to say that the only people who would like this piece of garbage are the ones who have never seen the original . I 'm not going to go into what they 've cut since so many already have . I sadly do n't own any addition on dvd but when I do I WILL NOT BE BUYING THIS VERSION . I have heard good things about the Millenium eddition . Glad to see someone got it right . How do you butcher a film this badly and then sleep at night . I would almost go as far as saying that you could remake this movie and use digital zombies and it would be better than this . So if you see the 30th anniversary on the shelf LEAVE IT THERE !!! Go find the newer Millenium edition . I did n't even complain about the `` new '' soundtrack yet because it 's nothing someone who has a basic knowledge of a computer program that can make midi files could n't do . IT 'S GARBAGE AS WELL . Maybe I 've been to hard but I do n't think so . If you must watch this sodomizing of the original by all means RENT IT or do as I did and see if one of the movie channels need about 2 hours of filler so they decided to play this .
 First off , I absolutely LOVE Night Of The Living Dead ! It is a classic . Unfortunately , I just had the bad luck of seeing the 30th Anniversary Edition of Night Of The Living Dead on Cinemax and was completely appalled at ... this classic film -LSB- edition -RSB- . Fortunately , all I wasted was a few minutes ... I honestly had to check the TV guide to make sure I was on the right channel ... The second thing that shook me was ... -LSB- the -RSB- music score that completely detracted from the eerie feeling that the original film so brilliantly conveyed . I will be honest ; I could n't even sit through this ... I am just glad to see that I am not alone in my ... -LSB- disappointment -RSB- ...
 GOOD GOD ! This is butchery ! The added scenes were terrible ! The music was absolutley asstacular ! Why ? Whyyyyyy ? The only reason that I gave this movie a two was because it still contains some of the classic film . I 'm suprised that the genius who thought up the idea to add those horrible scenes did n't just ditch the whole movie and just remake it starring that damn preacher .
 Dear lord , what has that old fool John Russo done ? Mr. `` I Co-wrote ` Night of the Living Dead , ' So How Come I 'm Not Famous ? '' managed to convince the other original backers of the film to do this 30th Anniversary edition -LRB- a year late , by the way , for the actual 30th anniversary of the movie ! -RRB- , found some old B&W film stock , and has shot 20 minutes of new footage that makes no sense and detracts from the film 's pacing . Worse yet , he 's CUT 15 minutes of footage that adds character and depth to the film , plus he 's added an awful , uninspired pop-rock soundtrack by the ludicrous Scott Vladimir Licina . Licina and Z-movie strumpette Debbie Rochon -LRB- Troma 's `` Tromeo & Juliet '' -RRB- are featured in an epilogue that is more embarrassing than enlightening . See what George Lucas started ? At least George Romero was smart enough to wash his hands of this entire sorry mess .
 Night of the Living Dead is a classic horror film , this is just awful . 15 minutes of useless , badly done , amaturish footage has been added and to compensate , they REMOVE character driven dialogue pieces . The special features do n't make up for it either , an annoyingly pointless music video , a inane documentary and commentary from John A. Russo , the man responsable for this tragedy . If you need to own NOTLD on DVD , go buy the far superior version that was released a few years back that has not been so horribly violated . Please , do n't even buy it out of curiosity ... even if it 's on sale for a buck ... DO N'T BUY IT .
 This is a majorly disappointing dvd . The transfer is poor ; with the image cropped slightly and white tones that are too grey -LRB- leading many to think the movie is murkier than it is -RRB- . These complaints are pretty much moot when you consider the real failure of this dvd . THE ORIGINAL FILM IS NOT ON IT.This disc includes two different versions of the film but NEITHER are the original . The new extended cut was made without George Romero 's involvement ... actually lets not even debate that . The fact of the matter is the new cut is really poor . The new opening for the film is frustrating , and all the footage that has been added of the preacher is tedious and annoying.Many people have thought that the other version on the disc is the original , and i will admit i made that mistake . It is not . It is a version of the movie `` trimmed '' by the producers to make it move a little faster . If you can live with this edit , thats cool . I want the original film.Let 's also mention the second disc including the score . I 've rarely heard a more inappropriate theme for a movie like this -LRB- it is not the original soundtrack -RRB- . I once bought a dollar store version of cabinet of dr. caligari that had loops of circus music put under it . I feel similarly raped by this.The only good thing is that this is a limited edition , which will hopefully keep it out of the hands of most people.Personally , i recommend the Elite Entertainment millenium edition , which was made with Romero 's involvement .
 The only reason I have given this a single star , is because I could not post this comment with NO stars , but it deserves none.Quick , do yourself and true film fans a favour , GO FIND THE MILLENIUM EDITION OF THIS FILM , AND BUY THAT!THAT version IS the definitive DVD version of the original classic.Clean images , clean audio , great supplements and commentary.THIS version?Well , let me put it this way.You will appreciate the 30th Anniversary Edition of NOTLD only if you think it 's okay for the guy who built the frame for the Mona Lisa to repaint it with lousy colors.Or if you think the guy who delivered the blank tapes to Capitol and Apple should legally be able to recut and remix all of the Beatles tunes.This DVD is a travesty.John Russo has no talent to make a NEW film -LRB- a quick glance at Children of the Dead will bear this out -RRB- , so he continues to ride the wave of the original NOTLD 's classic status to give himself permission to destroy the very elements which made it a classic in the first place.To remove 17 minutes of original footage is enough of a crime.To replace those scenes with 18 minutes of amateurish , poorly acted and poorly conceived ` new scenes ' is the bottom of the barrel stupidity.Add Scott ` Anton LeVay-as-Preacher ' Licina 's horrible acting and derivative , irritating and ineffective score , and you 've got a recipe for a lousy DVD.Is the picture good ? Yes , but since this is NOT the original film , it 's hard to praise the technical merits of this DVD.It saddens me to think there are people who did NOT see the original NOTLD before this dismal failure was released , and may think THIS is the definitive version.It is most assuredly not.Even if you ca n't find the Millenium Edition ... even the grainy , cheap public domain $ 5 DVD 's at discount video stores are better , if only because they are showing the REAL original film.This one is a crime .
 The film begins on a country road . A couple stop at a cemetery to place a wreath on a grave . Barbara kneels in prayer . Thunder crashes . Suddenly Johnny is attacked by a stranger ! The stranger chases Barbara until she takes refuge in the house . What is happening ? Where are these monsters coming from ? The monsters are afraid of fire . Can they barricade the house ? The dialogue tells about what is happening . A radio station tells about the mass murders by ordinary looking people . Everyone must stay home and lock their doors ! They have food , a radio , a rifle and bullets . Will they be safe?The survivors argue about the safest place in the house . TV brings the latest word - those who died recently are coming back to life and devouring live humans ! Is there a solution to this problem ? Dead bodies must be burned immediately . They have a plan to escape . But things do n't work according to plan . Daylight brings the police and militia to shoot the zombies . There is an ironic ending to this story.This was a surprise hit in March 1968 . It resonated with the fear of strange forces attacking America . Do the zombies symbolize a nuclear attack ? What makes these films popular with audiences ?
 The original NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD is a true classic . This is John Russo 's incredibly lame attempt to milk more more from the project that he was clearly the weak link in . George Romero has told Russo that he will not badmouth this version because they are friends , so Romero remains silent on the issue . I think that says it all .
 Despite how hard it is to sit through NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD after all these years -LRB- some movies just get `` old , '' same stay fresh forever , NIGHT 's superior sequel DAWN OF THE DEAD being one of the latter -RRB- , I still would have appreciated a better DVD transfer.The interactive `` trivia '' questions , what few there are , are too easy and focus on just the plot , never challenging horror fans with behind-the-scenes and production-related questions -LRB- this would have been far more interesting -RRB- . It also appears to me that the production team behind the NOTLD DVD did n't put much effort into this transfer . The credit list lacks detail , and the only biography they have is on Duane Jones -LRB- Ben -RRB- . What happened to George A. Romero?Also , the quality of the film itself is unsatisfactory , fuzzy at best . Maybe it 's because my TV does n't have that blasted S-Video configuration -LRB- but I doubt it , as other DVDs in my collection are visually stunning despite the lack of `` S-Video '' -RRB- , but this print of NOTLD did nothing to progress the quality that DVDs are suppost to bring to old classics.All in all , an unsatisfactory buy , but probably still worth your time for the original film inside .
 The original Night of the Living Dead is still a horror masterpeice , and it is presented it wonderful , clear DVD format in this version . The soundtrack was partially remastered , and rather badly . The synth score totally rapes any kind of ancient and spooky atmosphere the original gave.Now , as for the 30th Aniversary Cut . I 'm sure since the release of this horrificly stupid edit that the dead have risen more often just to shatter copies of this edit . Theres 15 minutes of added footage that is absolutely appalingly unnessessary , stupid , trite , badly acted and totally out of place . The music is even WORSE than the original since the score has a drum loop through it , making it sound like a 14 year old 's Yanni nightmare.The score was composed by the man who plays the priest in the extra footage ... Personally , I 'd 've liked to have taken a bite out of his face for his insipid , uninspiring and lame score.This edition also comes with a Music Score DVD that makes me twitch it 's so ... damned ... bad . The last track is original title redo -LRB- from the 1998 cut of the film for DVD -RRB- but the one before that is the worst peice of `` techno '' you could possibly hear . It loops tiny dialouge tracks into a very , very bad dance loop and it makes me want to tie small woodland animals to the back of my car and drag them for several miles , if it would only make this re-mastered score go away .
 Ok look i will get right to the point this movie is a disgrace to night of the living dead , the added scenes -LRB- which include some hick preacher , with the worst fake accent i have ever seen !!! -RRB- totally ruin this movie . Not to mention they added a new ending , which i do not understand , because there was nothing wrong with the old one to begin with . Look if you are a big fan of Romeros movies chances are you are curious to what this movie is all about , But I am warning you chances are this movie will ruin the Night of the living dead for you . -LRB- I gave this movie 1 star only because it was the lowest rating i could give it -RRB-
 Forget about this product . Does not include the glasses needed to view . No mention in the box or product descript on where to purchase the correct glasses . no mention on the product description on Amazon that the glasses were not included .
 Do n't waste your money on this film -LRB- if you can it a film -RRB- . I could only stand to watch the first 20 minutes or so of this production . It is more like a slideshow of pictures , and the limited `` voice over '' was actually a computer programmed voice program that did n't do anything to elevate this production .
 If you 've ever enjoyed a sunrise , with the dew on the grass and birds serenading the sun - do n't buy this DVD . The time lapse sequences are far too fast . The DVD is arranged in chapters , and I kept thinking there was a reason for chapters . However the film jumps quickly from one scene to another with no direction , theme , or purpose . There are some beautiful locations but their real impact is lost in this production . Also none of the location are identified .
 Left in Darkness -LRB- Steven R. Monroe , 2006 -RRB- Cameraman-turned-director Steven R. Monroe has turned out a number of bad movies over the years , from House of 9 to Ice Twisters , and is currently working on one called Mongolian Death Worms . I kid you not . But every once in a while , there 's a glimmer of something in one of his movies that makes me think there 's a really good director under there just waiting to get out . It surfaced a few times , briefly , in House of 9 , and once again there are glimmers in Left in Darkness . But Monroe , as he does , turns away from them and leads the film back into hackville . But you can still taste the glimmer on the back of your tongue occasionally.Celia -LRB- Freddy vs. Jason 's Monica Keena -RRB- is out to celebrate her twenty-first birthday with her best friend , Rachel -LRB- Zombie Prom 's Tarah Paige -RRB- . They go to a frat party , where Celia is befriended by Doug -LRB- Sasquatch Mountain 's Chris Engen -RRB- . The two of them have the sorts of conversations that seem deep and meaningful in frat houses , until Celia realizes that Doug is n't quite what he seems . In any case , Celia finds herself in purgatory , and purgatory is a very nasty place . She has two old friends to help her out , though -- her grandfather Joe -LRB- B-movie stalwart Tim Thomerson -RRB- and Donovan -LRB- David Anders , recently of the Children of the Corn remake -RRB- , a kind of guardian angel who 's been with her since early in her life -LRB- in the opening scene , we see Donovan saving her from being hit by a car when she 's nine or ten -RRB- . She has to endure a series of trials to ensure she 's worthy of heaven . You know , that sort of thing.It 's an interesting idea , but it never quite seems to work out when put on a screen . And such is the case here ; while Monroe plays with a few interesting quirks in the formula , you can see the big plot twist coming from a mile off , the intended comedy aspects of the film fall flat while opening up all sorts of holes for unintentional comedy , and of course we all know how this is going to turn out , do n't we ? -LRB- Hint
 A sprightly convincing performance from talented Monica Keena -LRB- THE SIMIAN LINE -RRB- is the saving grace of this rather distraught and disconnected thriller . Producer Stephen J. Cannell -LRB- WISE GUY , A-TEAM , IT WAITS , THE GARDEN -RRB- obviously was hoping the film 's mystical undertones would elevate it above the usual genre flicks , but it 's contrived script and lack of a central focus ultimately drags it down.The story focuses on Keena , a young girl celebrating her 21st birthday ; she has felt guilt all her life because her mother died in childbirth . At a wild frat party , she is drugged , raped and killed ; she returns in a sort of middleworld awaiting her ultimate fate to heaven or hell . Her lifelong `` secret friend '' Donovan -LRB- David Anders -RRB- shows up to help guide her and she even runs into her deceased grandfather -LRB- the ubiquitous Tim Thomerson -RRB- and her mother and grandmother as well . Not to mention the `` soul eaters '' who are after her.It 's all convoluted and does n't make a whole lot of sense , with an ending that comes out of nowhere without a satisfying resolution.Not the worst of the recent spate of horror flicks , but not one of the best either .
 Monica Keena 's colagen lips were bigger than this movie 's budget . The acting was decent considering its poor script and dialogue - Way to go Monica . No monsters . No darkness . Heaven and Hell consists of nothing more than recycled scenes . Nothing is scarier than realizing how much time you wasted watching it . There 's no deep spiritual realization that everyone else claims . - Overall this film was lame . Rent `` High Tension '' if you 're looking for fright or `` Kolobus '' for lower budget horror . Bothare great !!!
 The CG effects in this movie are so bad that they had me crying and about to fall out of my chair . Children will probably enjoy it because of the `` cute '' puppies as I 'm sure that 's the target audience but my God it is funny . The puppies teeth look like piranha or shark teeth and my wife and I were laughing uncontrollably while my four year old daughter tried to watch this . If you REALLY dislike someone or just want a laugh you should watch this movie . HIGHLY recommended if you have small children or have an overly retarded and silly sense of humor .
 This movie has puppies talking with cg generated moving lips , be warned . In other respects the movie is mostly quite amateurish . The puppies are cute and children might enjoy the simple messages of the film .
 Devon , identified as the writer and narrator , is not very good at either . Her writing , which she apparently reads verbatim from the script , is stilted and full of grammatical errors . She inserts her own opinion as fact , repeatedly . Interesting if you familiar with Wisconsin , but nothing to write home about or to recommend . Some of the photography is beautiful . But the mish mash of the writing and narration turns it cheap and cheesy .
 What do you think of a nice , misunderstood , criminally prone girl who shows up at a Gangster 's mansion with a 9mm and wastes the entire gang of nine including the crime boss himself in the span of about 4 minutes ? With convincing authority Traci Lords blows away these 9 guys and a good number of others in `` Ice '' . She repeatedly proves herself to be powerful , strong , deadly , confident , and invincible , while at the same time sexy in this movie . The plot itself involves a series of diamond heists , thefts , and a love interest that are all overshadowed by the image of Traci shooting and killing bad guy after bad guy . She ca n't be stopped . Though her acting is n't great , and she seems to be angry and pouting throughout the movie the focus is clearly on her lethality . `` Ice '' is not a good movie . However if you enjoy kick ass women wreaking havoc on the men of the underworld and reducing their numbers in droves , you 'll find it decent . I know I did . After watching this movie Traci leaves me breathless .
 `` Renegade '' is one of the worst tv series I 've ever seen , with terrible writing and very low , low budget . Forget it .
 What an embarassment . I knew D. Victor when he was a bad writer . But this shows that there is no bottom for a true hack . Pass on this one .
 Ordered this download for this particular -LRB- `` Bonnie and Claire '' -RRB- episode ... got another episode `` Endless Summer '' instead . Not good . Thought I would order the Renagade `` Endless Summer '' and hopefully get what I wanted , i.e. . The `` Bonnie and Claire '' episode . Got that download , which takes forever to download btw , and I 've got DSL . Anyone with dial-up had better give it a week or so , to download . When I tried to play that , my pc would freeze up tight , each time , every time.The Unbox video player , which you have to install , because windows/quicktime or real is too good or something ; plays so so at best . -LRB- Unbox , which I now think stands for `` Un-usable Box '' , perhaps . -RRB- Long story short , I uninstalled the thing and kicked it to the curb . Could n't find any reasonable place to hope for a refund on the site for bad/incorrect downloads , so they get my less than flattering review , instead . Toodles .
 One the file is downloaded to your computer using unbox the quality is crap and the video is cropped . I would n't recommend it .
 Why on earth would Millcreek re-release Season 1 ? Any Renegade fan has 1 2 and 3 Seasons . . We all need Season 's 4 and 5 !! I think this is a waste . . Do n't hold your breath people . . they will do just like Anchor Bay did . . They will see how the first 3 seasons will sell and ditch the rest.Come on Millcreek . . WAKE UP !! SEASON 4 AND 5 IN A BOX SET . . DONE.Well MillCreek will release all 5 season 's October 2010 ... Box set ... Im glad I have all 5 seasons already !!!!
 I watched the movie the first time in a theater in Taiwan about 20 years ago . As the credits rolled at the end the crowd boo'ed and largely classified the movie as a failure . This redux is about the same . Art house reviews will praise this as a `` masterpiece '' but even the actors and crew suggested this was one of WKW worst films . He simply had a vision that was too grand and had to stymy it down into this compressed version of a movie . For those in the know , this is an epic tale that spanned 3 books and although this movie is loosely tied to the books , the characters lacks all background to make it significant to the audience -LRB- for instance Jacky Cheung 's &#21271; &#19984; -RRB- . This was a failure the first time around and nothing 's changed .
 I 'm all for movies with complex storylines and characters but this movie 's characters were monotone . They were all a bit psychotic with nothing else to them . SPOILER ALERT
 On principle , I object to filmmakers going back years later and re-editing and rethinking a movie they made . But if you 're going to fiddle with the past , at least present the new cut side by side with the original , something this DVD fails to do . Not that it matters
 Typically sloooow Chinese film about a guy living out in the boonies . Way out in the boonies . Takes in a young girl and watches her continually raped and molested . Difficult and hard to follow.Sad and pathetic but if you like this type of Chinese flick it may be right up your alley
 I am amazed anyone could say this is a good movie . The plot is completely ridiculous and all over the place . Dracula spends half the movie trying to bring his daughter back to life , then in the space of two seconds he inexplicably changes his mind and dumps her in the canal . The first forty minutes seemed like a good setup , but the rest is just ridiculous . Elvira is usually good for a laugh , but this is one movie even she ca n't make worth suffering through.The dubbing is indeed as bad as everyone says -- a fight scene in which no one even remotely connects fist to flesh is particularly hilarious . The guys swing at the air while one moans for no reason . It 's like an Ed Wood film in Spanish . In fact , this Drac bears some resemblance to the Lugosi stand-in in PLAN 9 . Not even cheesy fun . Just boring . But yeah , for the guys , there are some topless women . And the single creative touch is what the mirror shows when Karen hits the sheets with Drac .
 In this 1972 film from Spanish director Javier Aguirre , four women and a man wreck their stagecoach and must take refuge in a nearby castle . Unfortunately for the travelers , the castle 's owner , Dr. Wendell Marlow -LRB- Paul Naschy -RRB- , turns out to be none other than Count Dracula . After Dracula falls in love with one of the women , she must decide whether to live eternally as Dracula 's bride or reject him and continue to live as a mortal . Her not-so-surprising choice leads to a strange and surprising ending . Like a lot of '70s European horror movies , the film suffers from slow pacing and a somewhat muddled plot . But there 's lots of gothic atmosphere and a few creepy moments here and there to keep things interesting.If there 's anything to complain about , it 's Sinema Diable 's cheapo packaging . For a mid-priced DVD like this , you 'd expect to see a reasonably sharp video transfer and decent audio , but both are very marginal here . In fact , the picture and sound quality are comparable to what you typically see in bargain-bin DVDs costing a third as much . There are no extras , either , like a trailer or talent bios , which are almost always included in DVDs in this price range . So I 've deducted one full star for the low overall quality of the release . Hopefully , we 'll see a little more bang for the buck in Sinema Diable 's future products.Of course , if you 're a Naschy fan , or just ca n't get enough of these low-budget Euro-horror films , these faults probably wo n't bother you too much . Besides , until Anchor Bay or another company comes along with a better release , this may be your only chance to see this lesser-known , but worthwhile , entry in the Naschy catalog.Two out of five stars .
 This is terrific Paul Naschy film , but my comments address the presentation of this DVD only.This is a bootleg . They ripped off Sinister Cinema 's transfer and matted the opening minutes of the movie to cover up the Sinister watermark that is present for the opening sequences.Don ' t buy this rip off version , get a copy from Sinister themselves on VHS or DVD-R .
 The movie is Ok , I 'm not writing this to review the actual film but the DVD itself . The quality is terrible , especially for the price . You get a very , very bad transfer with awful colors and great loss of detail , but the biggest problem is that the thing seems to have been taken from a bootleg , filmed in an actual movie theater , as the screen is not complete ! No matter what you do , you will never see the whole screen , and never is it more evident than in the credits where some words are cut . In the movie , some scenes just lack coherence because of this . For example , when Naschy first appears after opening the door of his Sanatorium to his visitors , we CA N'T SEE HIM because the screen is cut !!! Terrible DVD . Wait for a decent release to buy this movie , which deserves the kind of treatment DEIMOS has given to Naschy 's Werewolf films ...
 For those unfamiliar with Paul Naschy , he was a Spanish filmmaker who in the 70 's and 80 's made a goodly number of horror films that brought a European senisibility to the standard Univerisal and Hammer fare.In Dracula 's Great Love he portrays a vampire-and not just any vampire , but the Big D himself . The film concerns three women and one man who are stranded in the wilderness after an accident . They seek refuge in a strangly deserteed hospital , which is headed by a mysterious doctor -LRB- naschy -RRB- And thus begins the plot , what there is of it . Mostly it consists of the ladies wandering the corodors at night where one by one they are turned into vampires . That 's about it until the end where Nasch revels himself as the head vampire . This movie has a by the numbers feel to it , completely lacking in anything that would lift it above any other such run of the mill efforts . The women get bare breasted fom time to time , but it 's hardly enough to compensate for the film 's slow pace.Any one who wishes to sample the best of Nasch should try Werewolf Vs. the Vampire Woman . While not a great film . it 's at least livley . with competent script , acting and direction . Nasch 's own acting in Dracula 's Great Love is about as wooden as the stake which eventually pierces his heart .
 This film is your typical coming-out narrative . It reminded me a lot of `` The Lost Language of Cranes '' and `` Making Love . '' But I must point out something.The main character at one point exclaims , `` I ca n't be Maori and gay ! '' Many gays and lesbians of color feel this way and I understand why the line was important . However , plenty of books say that Polynesia was not a homophobic region before Western contact . The Wikipedia entry on gay rights in New Zealand said the pre-contact Maori did not punish same-sex sexual activity . In Hawaii , it 's been written that Kamehameha the Great had female and male lovers . Polynesia had `` third genders . '' I read one book which said Gaughin painted them in Tahiti . Some say in Samoa if parents had all sons they could assign one son to be the daughter . When my very homophobic Black uncle visited Samoa , the locals pointed out a transgender person in the village . They knew my uncle would be shocked and possibly revolted , but they themselves were not opposed . Recently , an academic friend said she 's met many gay and lesbian Polynesians on her recent trip to Tahiti.So I encourage all viewers of this to read books and sources that said Polynesia used to be a friendly place for gay men , lesbians , bisexuals , and transgenders until Westerners demanded that they be bigoted .
 This does n't feel like a real movie . I think that is my biggest complaint here . It feels like a ` made for television movie ' , complete with sappy and manipulative music that swells in all the right places and performances that carry wet eyes throughout the entire running time . This film feels like a Disney tragedy ; like ` Finding Neverland ' minus the ` prestige ' staging and the cinematic qualities . It also runs the gamut of extremely unrealistic in parts , which is sad because I know that this is based on a true story . It just feels farfetched and overworked , where the tension sadly feels overtly manipulated . The core of the film is the heartwarming story of a couple who will stop at nothing to save their children from early deaths thanks to the harsh yet rare disease with no known cure that is rapidly devouring their bodies . John Crowley stays up late researching the disease and finally , when all else has failed him , he lies his way into business with a rogue scientist on the verge of a medical breakthrough -LRB- are n't they all -RRB- . While the ` happy ending ' may be assumed , getting there is a tear-fest and be prepared to go through a box or two of Kleenex while watching this one . It 's all force-fed , that 's for sure , but if you do n't cry then your heart is stone . The script is a mess and the dialog is ridiculous at times . Still , Brendan Frazer and Harrison Ford put in some of the best work of their careers ; even when Ford tries to impersonate Clint Eastwood and Fraser loses any grip on his body language -LRB- the man uses some weird hand gestures when he 's excited -RRB- . Some great acting in a really bad movie , but whatever . Some will love this , sure ... it is a family film that will touch your heart . But , underneath that emotional reaction there is a film that is little more -LRB- or maybe even a little less -RRB- than a Lifetime special .
 I do n't understand why this film gets so many positive reviews . I like Harrison Ford . That 's why I saw it , but this film has no depth nor surprises . It 's too sugar-coated and got too many Hollywood clich&eacute;s . It 's worse than a TV drama . I got bored very quickly . I hung on until the end only because there was Harrison Ford . He should n't have been in this one . I 'd like to ask those who found this failure `` extraordinary . '' Have you never seen any good films in your life ? This is one of the worst turkeys I 've seen .
 It appeared to be an unopened DVD , but with a deep scratch on the surface of the disk , could not be played . I contacted the vendor , but no reply so far . VERY MUCH disappointed : - -LRB-
 This boring flick is a poor rip off of a way superior 1993 movie Lorenzo 's Oil with Nick Nolte , Susan Sarandon and Peter Ustinov . If you want to see a riveting account of this true story of a man 's relentless search for a cure for his sick son with a rare disease then see Lorenzo 's Oil and do n't waste your time with this turkey .
 This is a great television show ; however , the show is now treading the waters of typical , expected , and mundane . Get on with it already and move on . You can build on a plot only sooooooooooo loooooooooong and it gets tedious and boring . Everyone is now in on the secret so lets move on to stronger harder to get rid of creatures and let some of the political background of the characters get taken care of . The plot is not thickening , it is becoming boring and tedious , and this great show with such potential will be cancelled . : -LRB-
 *** Review includes spoilers *** I typically enjoy Grimm , but this particular episode , specifically its ending , just ruined it for me !! To start with , most of the episode was great as usual . I liked the fact that Munroe continues to play a pivotal role in Nick 's work . I also loved the way Hank is now `` in the loop '' so to speak . I even like the fact that Juliette , although still not able to remember Nick , is not giving up on her and Nick 's relationship . Although , a little more frustration and anger on her part would be a nice touch . It 'd help me believe she really felt like she lost a good thing by not remembering Nick . I 'd think if someone had a fiance they could n't remember , they 'd be a little more angst ridden over not having those memories.That said , all of the above made this a good episode ... until that infernal ending . The Reverend Calvin getting killed by his `` flock '' instead of him going to jail was justice I suppose , considering he did kill two of his parishoners . However , seeing both his accomplice Megan and the pregnant girl Harmony on the beach is what did it for me - and by `` did it '' I mean ruined it!Lets look at the facts . Fact # 1 - Megan cheated on her husband , was an accessory to his murder , helped steal from her first church 's parishoners , was an accomplice to Norman 's murder , and helped steal from her second church 's parishoners as well . Fact # 2 - Harmony -LRB- the pregnant girl -RRB- had a boyfriend and cheated on him with the reverand , she also never told her boyfriend he was n't the father and probably never would have if he had n't found out . Yet somehow , the writers thought that them ending up on the beach with all the stolen money would be a good ending . WTF ?!?! You have an adulteress/murder accomplice and a cheater who both get happy endings ?! Megan should be doing hard time for both accessory to murder and theft/fraud , while Harmony should at least be forced to deal with the consequences of her actions . But no , instead they both end up with `` wins '' . This sort of ending is n't even ironic , it 's just pathetic . Grimm has delivered good episodes for the most part . I just completely disagree with giving the impression that somehow both the women were `` innocent '' or victims or deserve anything good at all to come from their actions . Neither of them were victims or innocent or deserving of anything other than jail in Megan 's case , or at the very least nothing good -LRB- i.e. lots of money -RRB- in Harmony 's case .
 This movie is OK . It is not a good movie nor a bad movie . I enjoyed watching the crews interact and live in the unusual environment which a submarine provides . However , the story contains much of the trite content that has been used several times in war movies . You can take it or leave it .
 Pros : The picture and audio quality was superb.Great special effects.Cons : I thought the script was terrible . This WW2 sub film had all the typical `` sub '' plots like running silent , taking it deeper , engineers fixing leaks , and sending up an oil slick and debris field including a dead body . The unusual twists were utterly unbelievable.Recommend U571 for a Net Flix rental and buy something else .
 Now that we 've had a full generation of Americans who have not served in the armed forces , we 're being subjected to foolish , overly-romanticized films like this.Supposedly based on fact , this silly flick focuses on the efforts of a Navy submarine crew to capture one of the top secret Enigma code machines from a German U-boat during WWII.The story of how the Allies cracked the Enigma code is a fascinating one , but you wo n't learn anything about it here . Instead you 'll be subjected to the usual round of fiery explosions and machine gun fire that have come to characterize Hollywood films during the past 10 years -- no matter that they are historically and technically inaccurate . Add to that a wretched performance by Matthew McConaughey , who takes himself far too seriously , and you 've got all the makings for a boring evening .
 There is no doubt that America was/is a great ally to the UK and their contribution in WW2 was outstanding . However , this movie stretches to the extreme Hollywood 's self given right to bend the truth as it depicts Bon Jovi and his US forces chums capturing the first Enigma machine , this despite the fact that it was actually the Royal Navy who captured the first Enigma on April 15th 1940 . This was of course three years before the USA joined the European conflict . Shame on you Hollywood.In 2006 , screenwriter David Ayer admitted that U-571 distorted history and stated that he would not do it again . Ayer told BBC Radio 4 's The Film Programme that he `` did not feel good '' about suggesting Americans captured the Naval Enigma cipher rather than the British . '' It was a distortion ... a mercenary decision ... to create this parallel history in order to drive the movie for an American audience . Both my grandparents were officers in World War II , and I would be personally offended if somebody distorted their achievements .
 This film credits American sailors with the daring capture of the Nazi code machine , the Enigma , an event that changed the course of the war . In fact , the Brits seized Enigma before America had even joined the war . this shows us that it is just another movie that was made so that they could get big bucks . in 1942 , the U.S. Navy had a minimal role in the Battle of the Atlantic.Also around this time U-Boats were ranging up and down the largely undefended American coastline , sinking hundreds of ships in the process . The defeat of the U-Boats was largely the result of years of struggle and effort by the Royal Navy and at the very least , the film should have made mention of the role played by the British in defeating the U-Boats . Instead , the film tells viewers that , until the timely arrival of the heroic Americans , the Germans largely had their way with the British . In another scene , the German crew of the U-571 brutally machine guns a lifeboat full of survivors from a presumably torpedoed merchant ship . Overriding the objections of the crew , the captain tells his men that it was `` the Fuhrer 's order '' to kill all survivors of shipwrecks . this was done to make the Germans look even worse than they were .
 As bad movies go U-571 tops the charts . A American Submarine crew has to find a way to board and overtake a German U-boat , and bring back a crucial secret-code transmitter . It turns out to be more difficult than they expect . Agreeably old-fashioned WW2 submarine drama starts with a bang and but holds little interest throughout , then fizzling out at the end . The film has no historical facts in it and has been described by many as an outrage , as it simply steals the true hero 's glory.We are introduced to Captain Andrew Tyler , who has just found out that he did not receive the position of captain as he had hoped . His commander , Lieutenant Commander Mike Dahlgren , feels he does not have what it takes to be a captain at this point , and that his emotional connection to his shipmates would prevent him from putting them in situations of potential danger.Soon , our men are on their sub , heading out to sea , where they encounter the German submarine , take the crew hostage , and swipe the Enigma and code book to bring back to the attention of the U.S. Armed Forces . However , the German sub that responded to their call for help destroys the American sub , killing the German hostages and some Americans , leaving the rest of the crew on the German sub with Tyler as their captain . As their special ops mission turns into a race for survival , Tyler must make the right decisions in order to keep his crew alive and ship afloat as they near hostile waters on their way to safety.The plot of the story follows a pretty basic pattern that is intensified by the suspense of the action sequences and the way in which Mostow works his magic with the camera . I found myself guessing what was going to happen in certain scenes of the movie , mainly because after seeing the trailer , I knew there was more that had to happen than just allowing the sub to sink and the Germans to win . And as much as the story does for its characters and their will to survive , I knew that the script would not shortchange them in the long run . This really does n't hinder the story , though ; it still has a lot to offer.Mostow has done a masterful job in creating an atmosphere that is tightly cramped and perilous all at the same time . The lighting used for the insides of the sub is merely the lights actually shown , not offscreen , giving it an authentic and real feel . The crew finds themselves huddled tightly together at times during sequences in which depth charges are deployed to harm the ship , which adds to the sense of small space while also keeping us at bay with the question of whether or not the vessel will make it through the treachery of the explosions . The depth charges provide the most ominous threat to the vessel , which is carried out on film in a most intense manner . The first set of explosions takes place outside of the vessel , where we can see everything that 's going on , while the second set keeps us inside the sub so that all we can do is hold our breath with the crew and wait for the explosions to end.The fact that the movie can set up this kind of connection is a testament to its brilliance . Mostow is able to bring us into the movie with the characters , giving us bird 's - eye views of the action as well as taking us right into the middle of it . Either way , the effect is truly awesome , showing us a different kind of warfare that can be just as intense and terrifying as hand-to-hand and firearm combat on land . When the movie was over , I felt jolted and out of breath ; the movie simply delivers the goods.The visual and sound effects also help to bring us into the movie 's rich canvas as well . Miniatures and life-size vessels were used in the filming of the actual submarine , and while the effects that surround it may be digitized , it helps to have something that is real to harness the look and acuity of the shot . The sound design and use of the elements available is tremendous and pleasing , with a low bass frequency playing pretty much throughout the entire movie to create a sense of tension . This is one of those big , loud effects movies that , even if you do n't care for the story , will please on its visuals and sound alone.Casting is an important factor in bringing out the emotion and depth , and this one , an all-star ensemble , does just that . Matthew McConaughey is the ambitious Lieutenant Andrew Tyler , who is the strongest of the characters . He is portrayed as earnest in his endeavors to save his crew , while keeping the movie from degenerating into a blatant effects show . Harvey Keitel is Chief Klough , a pivotal character who advises and aides Tyler in some pretty tight situations . He keeps Tyler from losing his cool , which is important for the movie . Bill Paxton plays Lieutenant Dahlgren , and while his character has little screen time , he does well in keeping us informed of the events at hand . Jake Weber is a convincing Lieutenant Hirsch , who knows everything about the mission and plays his character with integrity and intelligence.One of the better war films to come out of Hollywood , `` U-571 '' follows an intense and gripping storyline that delivers the goods to even those who do n't follow the war film trend . Under the direction of Jonathon Mostow , who also directed the thriller `` Breakdown , '' the film contains a stellar cast that knows what it 's doing and superb visual and sound effects that add to the atmosphere of suspense .
 u-571 is a story about some yanks on a submarine who try to capture the enigma code which is the german navel code during the second world war . This statement that is made by the movie is verry in corect and the americans did not realy even have anything to do with its capture . The british were firstly the ppl who captured it and they had done it beefor the americans had alread begun . In u-571 they also portray the germans to be evil when they were not . by history student at shore school
 U-571 is a shallow rip-off of `` Das Boot '' . The characters are not well developed , and the obvious references to `` Run Silent , Run Deep '' -LRB- personality clash between CO and XO , and the `` dive ! dive ! '' scene -RRB- do n't come off . The theatre trailers suggested to us that the American crew in the German sub -LRB- which ran pretty well and looked amazingly ship-shape inside for having been all shot up in the seizure of the Engima -RRB- had to get through Allied combatants to get back to safety . Overall , a very disappointing treatment of an interesting premise .
 If you like action movies where reality is suspended then this is one for you . Lots of shooting , big and colourful explosions , bad guys doing the dirty and being shot , and so on . If you get frustrated by movies where the good guys shoot five for every one that the bad guys shoot , then save your money - or buy ` Das Boot ' . The 5:1 rule seems to apply whether it 's hand guns , naval guns or torpedoes . The unreality extends to the ships taking part , the accuracy of gunfire , the damage that results , and the physical impossibility of some of the disasters that strike , and the heroic actions that recover from them . As if that was n't enough , the script is apalling , although the actors make a ` heroic ' attempt to make it work . I ca n't believe anyone would think this is reality , and nobody should be getting upset that it does n't do justice to the sailors who did the real work . It 's simply using a couple of tidbits from history to create a typical Hollywood crash-and-bang action movie .
 Regardless of the well known fact that Americans are always lucky in whatever they do -LRB- e.g. not one single torpedo dud in the whole film -RRB- , we are again shown why the Germans lost the war . There are way too many scenes in which lucky fortune counts for the film heroes and again the always incapable Germans . The atmosphere in `` Das Boot '' -LRB- 1981 -RRB- is much more intense . My vote is 1 out of 5 .
 Every so often a film comes along that so completely fulfills the demands of its genre that all such films that come after it seem to be little more than pale imitations in comparison . Such a film is the 1981 German classic , ` Das Boot , ' undoubtedly the gold-standard against which all other submarine sagas must fairly or unfairly inevitably be measured . Since that film pretty much exhausted the great humanistic themes of brotherhood and survival to be found in this category of films , the American submarine films that have come afterwards ` The Hunt For Red October , ' ` Crimson Tide , ' and now , ` U-571 ' have been forced to turn to high level suspense plotting to supplement the standard genre conventions . Each of these films has its moments but , the truth be told , one ends up invariably comparing these pieces of pulp entertainment to a genuine work of cinematic art and there is just no comparison . In a way , this genre , more than virtually any other , suffers from the cramped restrictions of its underwater setting . There just is n't a lot to DO in a submarine and , hence , the directors of these films are obviously very limited in the way they can approach the material both visually and dramatically . Thus , we are subjected to the endless tight close-ups on the men 's worried , perspiring faces as they cast their eyes upward and strain their ears during the inevitable depth-charge and how-low-can-they-go-before-they-break-apart sequences . We know that before long we will be watching that needle moving precariously into the red zone on the depth gauge , followed by the customary popping bolts , creaking hull and spouting water mains as the ship challenges the limits of its diving capabilities . -LRB- Not one of these subs , in the history of the movies , by the way , has ever failed this test -RRB- . To get a little visual action into the picture , the cinematographer will , at some point or other , begin shaking the camera chaotically to simulate exploding depth charges a mere stone 's throw from the ship 's egg-like outer shell . Unable to even approach ` Das Boot 's cinematic and technical expertise , ` U-571 ' attempts to generate excitement with its action movie plotting and ambiance . Regrettably , neither the story nor the characters in this film are particularly engaging . Mathew McConaughey stars as Lt. Andrew Tyler , a naval officer who manages , through a complicated series of partly planned , partly inadvertent ircumstances , to lead a group of men on board a German u-boat , kill most of its crew and cruise around the North Atlantic in a Trojan Horse type operation , while uncovering the German codebook they have been sent to find on the ship . Unlike ` Das Boot , ' whose primary concern was to make its recreation of life aboard a sub as realistic and convincing as possible , ` U-571 ' loses its way in a welter of action film histrionics , cardboard cutout characters and maudlin sentimentality . Taylor is suppose to be a second-rate , overly-sensitive officer whom the bigwigs trust so little that they refuse to assign him a boat and a command of his own - but do we doubt , that by finale time , he will have proven himself to be a leader in the true-blue military tradition ? None of the characters in this film seem to differentiate themselves from one another in any way that would make us care about them . They all seem to be , essentially , a group of dressed-up actors playing at soldier a far cry from the fully fleshed-out and convincing set of characters that comprised Wolfgang Peterson 's crew . Perhaps it is unfair to judge ` U-571 ' in relation to that earlier epic work . -LRB- After all , ` Das Boot ' runs several hours longer than this film -RRB- . Nevertheless , it is a measure of the true greatness of that incomparable German masterpiece that it literally left nothing for future films to add to the genre . It is all there in that one work complete and perfect in its artistry and form . Very few films sum up their genres as consummately as Wolfgang Peterson 's ` Das Boot . '
 The enigma machine was discovered by the BRITISH - not American 's . Robin Hood was British , not an American , so on and so on . Why does Hollywood feel it needs to take British Hitory and fables , and twist it round or make it ridiculously inacurate so that gullible people think it 's therefore part of American history ? Come on people , I know America is a new country , but make your own history instead of trying to steal ours , we wouldnt try to say president Linoln was actually British , sheesh !
 My grandfather was aboard the British Naval vessel thank captured the ENIGMA code machine in WWII . For the rest of his life he lived proud , as the British people celebrated him and his fellow crewman as heroes.Along comes an American film director looking for a story to make American film-goers happy . To make them think that every historical event in this planets history was somehow influenced positively by the USA.This is n't just a case of ` oh well , go along with it ' as many reviewers here have said . This is a growing problem with AMerican movies as American children , by the US ' own admission , are becoming dumb on world history . This is a country where children think the Indians were a bunch of wild savages and had no right to be there . Children , thanks to the Patriot , think Britain invaded America . And a country where Children think William Wallace was an American . and King of Scotland.It 's about time Hollywood started putting some truths in their historical epics . As Mel Gibson put it ` History is boring , and does n't sell . ' Why is that Mel ? Why would it have been any different if this film had contained a British crew capturing ENIGMA ? The only difference is Mel , if the Americans are n't the heroes , the cinema audiences do n't want to know . And that 's sad.I was pleased to hear that Britain boycotted this movie in respect of their dead war heroes . Damn right.Please avoid this at all costs .
 the acting was terrible and the story was ludicrous , but thats just the begining . the technical innaccuracies were astounding to say the least , depth charges can not be reeled off at the pace they were in this film , shooting a gun on a wwII uboat is not a great idea , cavitating was an unknown concept in wwII , i could go on and on ... the absolute worst part of it though was the sidelining of real history . the enigma was captured by a royal navy -LRB- great britain -RRB- ship and it was n't even slightly exciting -LRB- well at least in a hollywood sense -RRB- the german uboat was simply hit by a depth charge and upon surfacing the crew surrendered . the opertator in charge of the enigma one time pad did n't do his job and destroy the pad . simple as that ... as a final insult the tacked on title `` honoring '' the real heroes was also annoying in that the one united states military achievment was posted as USS ... of the United States Navy , while the british were simply listed as RMS -LRB- royal majesties ship -RRB- which i doubt 80 % of people here in the states would know.again even without the historical and technical absurdities it was still one of the worst films i ever seen .
 The HD DVD is a very fine transfer , and the audio is great . That said , this movie follows in the fine tradition of Hollywood doing a lame imitation of a great foreign film.Where Das Boot strove for claustrophobia , along with a sense of humanity , U-571 delivers a story full of explosions but devoid of accuracy or emotion . In the end , you do n't really care who lives or dies.That kind of says it all , except that if you 're interested in naval realism , do n't expect if from torpedo shots that make miraculous hits , and depth charges that pop every second for , oh , it seems like minutes . And the back of the German `` destroyer '' seemed to look a lot like the low rounded back of a tugboat , which was odd as the destroyer in the combat sequence looked credible .
 I REALLY did n't like this movie ! It was about 30 minutes too long for what it had to offer . And besides it 's special effects and talented cast that is n't much . I not only dislike it for the fact that it is boring , but it is not historically accurate which has hurt some other recent films like The Patriot and Perfect Storm . For better submarine films , check out The Hunt for Red October or Crimson Tide . For U-571 , wait for cable or just skip it altogher . Not worth the time .
 This one of those films that distorts completly history . A US crew gets an Enigma machine and break the German World War II codes . This is false , the British with some help from the Poles broke the Enigma and the German codes . Hollywood must not produce this type of movies that have nothing to do with reality and are clearly a lie .
 News is that a film is in development in the UK about that period of 3 days in August 1945 when the RAF dropped two A-bombs on Japan , thus ending the war.As it is fiction and `` Only a Movie '' it is thought that Americans wo n't find too much to dissent about , especially as proper recognition will be made right at the very end of the movie , in small print , just before the credits .
 Okay . Hollywood-movies are to entertain and not to give an detailed account of what happened in the past . But the plot of this movie is simply ridiculous . Same style as in the war-movies of the 50s and 60s . The Nazis let themselves be slaughtered like cattle by the valiant Americans.Also , the SF are far off the standards which were already achieved by `` das boot '' 20 years ago.This movie does not transport anything like e.g. claustrophobia ; of the fear being trapped in a cigar made of iron in the middle of the Atlantic . It is simply about American heroism , not about the cruelties of war.In this movie the Americans achieve , what in reality was achieved by the Royal Navy.This is not just another war-movie like `` Saving Private Ryan '' with a fictional story in a historical setting , just another `` change of reality '' - style-movie . I do not want to know how many people run around now , truelly believing that the Americans cracked `` Enigma '' . The whole Movie is not about action , u-boats , a part of the liberation of Europe or valiant deeds in war , it 's just about `` good guy '' against `` bad guy '' , in a manner that is called American `` hurra patriotism '' in Europe . Nothing against patriotism , especially the Americans often paid the folly of others in blood , and they have a right to be proud of what they achieved . But do the Americans have to be reminded of this right in such a crude -LRB- cineastic -RRB- manner ? I hope , they do n't . Shame on You , Hollywood !
 It 's impossible to select choices on menu
 Even though it has quite a good cast and the acting is good the exeution of the film is just not well done . During the submarine scene the sub that the americans are on just keeps getting depth charged and depth charged and depth charged . If your into this type of stuff rent it but otherwise you might just leave it alone .
 It 's a submarine movie . It 's wet , horrible , and they get depth charged . The plot is pretty farcical , the much discussed Enigma is dispensed with in 30 seconds flat , but the cardboard-cutout characterisation is pitiful ; That bridegroom is n't going to get home to his new wife , gritty captains talking of the need to gain command experience are clearly planning an early retirement , and any keen youngsters called `` Trigger '' are guaranteed a place showing up The Futility Of War . Matthew McConaughey was less wooden as his previous role in a submarine movie ; playing Troy Tempest in Stingray . As a Brit crypto-geek , I expected to be horrified by the disrespect shown to Bletchley Park . It 's pure fiction though , and so far from any credibility that I did n't care . The use of a US Navy seaplane in the closing scene over the Western Approaches though , rather than a Coastal Command Sunderland from Pembroke Dock , did strike me as a little disrespectful though , and for no valid plot reason .
 OK.I am a big fan of movies , and I love war movies , especially the old style ones.And I love ` Das Boot ' . And I agree with everyone who says these two films can not be compared . Because , frankly , they ca n't . ` U-571 ' is an absolutely terrible movie , not deserving of being rated alongside such greats and ` Das Boot ' . It is very difficult to get me to dislike a movie , as all my friends will tell you . But this one did it.The film was promising . The fact that it was totally fictional did get to me a bit , but I went along to see it with a couple of friends , with high-hopes . But man , were they dashed early ! The film did attempt to advertise itself as ` real ' . At least over here , in the UK . This was a bad idea , because it 's innacuracy is incredible.It is an insult to the real heroes who broke the enigma . Who , was not , by the way , American . It was an Australian in a British team who broke the code . And it did not involve hijacking a U-boat . The characters in this film are also incredibly 2D , if you can actually differentiate between them in the first place . They all look very similar , and do not develop at all . And , no , being told you ca n't be a sub-captain , and then becoming one through fake -LRB- and impossible -RRB- disaster and your ex commander saying ` go , you 're in charge now ' , even though he was your greatest enemy for the job does not count as development.Also , as my friend pointed out , if you could run a U-boat on 7 guys , they would have.The flaws in this film are just too many to count . You just do n't know where to begin . We were talking of them for ages after seeing the film . So I guess it left an impression , and got us talking , and I guess in the Andy Kaufman sense of things , that is good . But , you know , I do n't think it is when it 's a blockbusting movie.Why is it all war movies are ` Americans go in and save the day , no thanks to anyone else ' ? -LRB- even when they are n't IN the war at the point a movie may take place ... -RRB- It is annoying . I can put up with ` Saving Private Ryan ' . It is an damn fine film , and so you can overlook the fact that the British took that sector of the Beach , and used completely different transports . It has humanity , and shows war . ` U-571 ' shows nothing but a recycled attempt at a gun-ho film where there 's perfect evil -LRB- the Natzis - and they were not all that evil , a lot were forced to fight ... ` Das Boot ' shows this ... -RRB- and perfect heroes.The suspense is non-existant . The plot is very thin -LRB- if there is anything more than ` capture boat , and keep box ' then someone please tell me ! -RRB- . The acting is on occassions good , but generally sub-par . The atmosphere even is awful ! And , everyone in the cinema seemed to find it very difficult to sit through this one , with many people leaving during the movie -LRB- a lot of older people left , no doubt due to the insults this film represents to a terrible point in thieir history -RRB- . My friends and I sat through it due to our policy of not walking out on films , but we were well tested here.One redeeming quality , the soundtrack is very good.But , please , do n't see this film . If you do , do not believe a word of anything . And do not believe that that is what war was like.Better idea is to see ` Das Boot ' , for a sub film , or ` Bridge On The River Kwai ' for an excellent war film . And ` Saving Private Ryan ' has the humanities part covered .
 This film , U-571 , will attempt to fool you into believing that American sailors were the ones who captured the Enigma machine , when in fact it was really the British who accomplished that feat . This just goes to show that Hollywood does n't treat history with respect . Why could n't they just have used British actors in the film ? Why does everything Hollywood produce have to be americanized ? And this is increasingly devestating when a lot of people today regard films like this as history . I once read a customer review of THE PATRIOT where the film was hailed as an historic lesson . Please ! Read a book ! Hollywood has got to start treating history with respect . If you want to see a fantastic submarine film , see Wolfgang Petersen 's DAS BOOT . U-571 is just another Hollywood blunder , that 's all about getting the numbers up at the box office .
 I mean it really is , there 's nothing else you can say . Am I right ? I mean , am I right on this one ? Is this movie a joke or what ? Forget about the fact that the Yanks were n't even in the war yet , and forget about the fact that duh seven men can not operate a submarine , and oh yeah forget about the sub -LRB- pun intended -RRB- par acting , and do n't forget to forget about the fact that for real every single thing about this movie is fake , forget about all of that and just think about this for a sec
 I shall keep it short and sweet , like I wish the makers of this movie had kept it . fiction at it 's worst , weak acting , modern day producers can not make war movies , compare this to the likes of ` where eagles dare ' and you can see how weak this actually is . I kept Took for ages to get going and when it did -LRB- well , sort of -RRB- it was just a rehash of other movies , the hunt for red october was far better I hear they are now making a movie about colditz the infamous german POW camp with as usual american heroes and yet none actually managed to escape from the real thing
 First off , as a US Vietnam Vet I 'd like to apologize to our British cousins for the audacity of Hollywood in pretending that the US captured the first enigma device in WWII.But then after seeing an episode of the series `` MI-5 '' on A&E I 'd like to withdraw 1/3 of the apology . Hollywood , by no means , has a corner on producing jingoistic claptrap . Another 1/3 of the apology gets withdrawn because of decades of the gutter-crawling British press blaming the US for everything wrong in the world from global warming -LRB- whoops , does n't exist -RRB- to tooth decay . And the final 1/3 gets withdrawn after seeing Hollywood movies like `` Gunga Din '' and `` King of the Khyber Rifles '' that depict the British Army , along with the East India Company , as benefactors of India and Afghanistan . I wo n't even try to get into the British opium trade in China vs the fantasy special `` 55 Days in Peking '' . So let 's stop the finger pointing . Glass houses and all that , y' know , old chaps.As for U-571 . I found too much of the movie to be irritating . If you 've ever been on a WWII-era submarine you 'd know just how claustrophobic those boats were . Naturally the constraints of movie making make it impossible to build an accurate set and still film in it . However the cavernous interior of U-571 was laughable . I mean you could have run laps in the control room.And then the depiction of the Exec was ridiculous . The US Navy in WWII was run by professionals . Any officer has been through at least OCS and one of the most important things taught is the importance of the mission and the possible necessity of ordering men to near certain death . There were no submarine service execs who were n't fully qualified officers with sufficient experience . Any officer who was as easy going as the one McConaughey depicts would never have made exec in the first place . Even if he were soft he would still know basic facts of command.There were no black Americans serving on submarines in WWII . Leave it to the rampant PCism of Hollywood to require the token black ... even when to do so is ludicrously inaccurate . Seeing how nuts Hollywood has gone in PCism lately we should consider oureselves fortunate that there is n't a woman crewmember aboard.Generally the movie is entertaining , though it mainly uses well-worn plot devices . What can you do besides have mechanical problems , run low on breathable air , run low on battery charge and get depth-charged ?
 Sorry , I just ca n't enjoy a film that messes with history to the extent that this title does . The mission in the film was nothing to do with the US - those were BRITISH sailors risking their lives to capture the coding machine , some years before America even joined WW2!As a Brit myself , I find this re-writing of history to be in extreme bad taste ! I mean , what if we Brits released a film portraying the moon landings as a British mission , with a Brit playing Neil Armstrong ! You get my point , I 'm sure .
 My first major complaint with this film is that when I went to see it in the theatres , the movie studio made the house turn the sound ALL THE WAY UP for added realism . No what this meant for everyone ? Louder sound than a heavy metal concert . There were people literally running out of the auditorium during the film because it was so loud . I am totally serious ! I do n't know if every screening across the country was like this , but I had a hearing problem for the next several hours . I am 20 years old , and love loud music/movies , and even I found this to be absurd.And beside all the historical facts that are twisted and removed just to make this film seem believable , it was not that well acted either . I think the producers were trying to make a sub flick that compared to earlier classics , such as `` Run Silent Run Deep '' that they told the actors to ham it up a bit , trying to equal the star power of that classic . But with lightweights such as Matthew McConaughey and Bill Paxton leading the troops , expect some major stretches in talent here.The plot , about a Navy submarine crew that attempts to board a German U-boat for intellegence purposes , ends up stuck on it after their own sub gets sunk . The next 10 hours -LRB- at least it felt like 10 hours when watching it -RRB- involves the McConaughey trying to lead his crew back to shore , but they become chased by the Germans , and you get the SAME SCENE OVER AND OVER AGAIN . It is always about holding the sub together after a `` near miss '' depth charge and evading the entire German Fleet.I recommend that you do not see this movie , it is not even worth the rental price . The sound quality , when it is n't turned all the way up , is impressive , but that is the only bright spot .
 I just finished watching Das Boot . To even draw comparisons between these two movies is absolutely ridiculous . Where Das Boot is a gripping human tale of the tragedy of war , U-571 is just more Hollywood tripe.If you just want ` splosions and escapism , I guess U-571 does the trick.If you want a realistic sub movie that will haunt you for many nights to come , go with Das Boot .
 That 's right - do n't be fooled by this revisionist film that lifts a few scenes straight out of the vastly superior `` Das Boot '' . I hate movies that decide to make history fit their stupid plots , and `` U-571 '' is no exception . No Americans were involved in the seizure of the enigma code , and this movie will only serve to misinform many people . Aside from that , this is a decent action movie that steals from all submarine movies to preceed it . Also of note
 As a world war 2 buff I was looking forward to watching this movie , especially in the age when film makers are doing much better in obtaining accurate research to provide the best means of providing the audience with authenticity . A modern W.W.II submarine movie should be good!I was grossly disappointed . This film was slapped together by people who know nothing of submarine warfare and apparently did zero research into the subject . Some of the stunts pulled off by the sub crew and way they survived , over and over again when they should have been blown to bits , was laughable . Okay , so the film makers are entitled to a little flexibility to make for good entertainment , but they went way too far . The visual ` wow factor ' rapidly diminished to ` give me a break . ` The film also gave the impression that this was in some way an accurate depiction of the US navy being the first to capture the notorious Enigma coding machine , they were n't , the British already had one and had broken the codes by 1942 . In summary , very much a ` B ' movie , not recommended .
 If your looking to be entertained by action and suspense , U571 is up your ally . But for those of us who demand more from a war film , this work sadly will come across as an American ripp-off of Das Boot , especially intended for audiences that are not familiar with the latter masterpiece .
 It is typically American to sacrifice historical truth on the altar of financial gain , and that is exactly what this film does . Ignoring the fact that the single action that saved an estimated one million lives in WWII was perpetrated by the British Navy , it is of course the US navy that has to save the day . It is not enough that the DVD states the historical truth after the film has finished . This is hugely disrespectful to servicemen , and an embarassing display of crass ignorance . Once again , Hollywood has presented a bastardised version of history .
 Embarrassing for the cast , the writers , the director and to be an American . I missed the opportunity to watch this film on the big screen during the summer , I am glad I did . Perhaps I have become spoiled by the excellence and craft of other film makers , their attention to detail and the effortlessness in which they transport me into their film ; never once having the thought cross my mind this was a bunch of actors standing on a sound stage reciting lines per a script . From the opening of U-571 that is all you see . Not once did I believed they were actually on a submarine , as in Das Boot or Hunt for Red October , instead the actors entered and left a huge set looking uncomfortable in their uniform costumes.The script itself is poorly written with inappropriate emotional scenarios and inconsistencies in all the characters . A crewman 's response to orders to put his dead buddy in the torpedo tube along with refuse and detritus to hopefully fool the German destroyer circling overhead into thinking they 've had been hit
 Im thinking about making a movie called ' 9-11 ' , featuring prominent British actors , where canary wharf tower and MI6 HQ are destroyed by hijacked airliners . Is that going to be okay with everyone this side of the Atlantic ? Good , just checking .
 The review by Doughty says it all
 I have read many reviewers talking about the historical inaccuracies of this film . Appaling as it is , one reviewer pointed out that the true story was less than interesting which is an interesting point . A far more interesting side to the Enigma story on the other hand , was that of the work done at Bletchley Park in England to crack the Enigma code . Where contary to US opinion the first Computer was developed I beleive it was named Collosus 1 . I bring this to your attention as I recently watched a facinating TV documentary on the subject . I would suggest that a film about this story would not require historical inaccuracies to entertain a film audience . If such a film exists then I would be pleased to know . I doubt however that Hollywood would stoop so low as to tell a story where the victory is not American . PS I also watched Heavan & Earth recently and this film begins to fulfill that brief . I recommend it !!
 You probably should n't , but ca n't help but try to compare this movie to the German submarine classic movie ` Das Boot ' . In my eyes it just does n't compare . There are just too many plot holes and unbelievable plot elements , mainly in the battle scenes , to make this one enjoyable for me . Bad melodramatic acting , particularly Paxton , and horrible musical score did n't help . There is one short ` making of ' featurette covering several aspects of making the film but nothing amazingly interesting was revealed . Most of the techniques were pioneered in other movies . Even with CGI , which was n't available 20 years ago when ` Das Boot ' was filmed , U-571 still does n't look any better than ` Das Boot ' . Having the production designer from ` Das Boot ' could n't make U-571 on par with ` Das Boot . ' A interesting 1940 's news reel on the capture by the Americans of a U-boat is historically entertaining as well as an interview with one of the British sailors that captured the first Enigma machines . A short interview with a historian of the Enigma machine is included , but gives only cursory information , that is better covered in other documentaries . An interview with the WWII submarine consultant is included , but mainly consists of him stating , `` Yes , this could have happened , '' and `` Yes , that is realistic , '' etc. . I did n't find it all that interesting . A trailer as well as a two bonus trailers for other films , Pitch Black and EdTV , not even of the same genre are included . The trailer shows scenes that were cut from the final film and these should have been added to the DVD as a bonus feature . The commentary is adequate with the director/writer talking about mainly what he was trying to do . He was trying to remake earlier American submarine movies that he loved as a child and it shows . Hence the overly patriotic theme , visuals , music , acting and script . Overall , there is nothing in the bonus features or the film itself that would make me want this in my collection . If you want a fantastic submarine film and DVD , get the re-mastered Director 's Cut ` Das Boot ' DVD .
 In my opinion , the film disrespects the REAL man and women involved . USA love to change history to please its own people even its its to change heros and make them American . Ok alot of British have complained about the facts but concider this
 This movie is about an American raid on a German U-boat to gain possesion of the enigma code machine . As with all American blockbusters the Americans were depicted as the clean-cut , good looking ` nice guys ' and the Germans were shown as the scruffy in-breeds . I am sick of these movies , therefore U-571 did not go down very well . There is also a few historically incorrect pieces of information displayed in this movie .1 . The Americans were not involved in war during this time . 2 . The British were the ones that captured the enigma machine.Overall . i did not really enjoy this movie as it was hard to follow , boring , historically incorrect and American.PS . Do not see tomb raider ... big waste of time .
 Without doubt one of most rediculous and insulting films set in a historical backround I have ever seen . The fact that the script takes such HUGE liberties with real historical events the story line falls flat far too quickly . The amount of scrapes the crew get out of is just completely unbelievable . Whoever wrote the script was certainly digging in the bottom of the barrel for the next fantastic situation that the crew manages to get through , either by sheer luck or superhuman/superintelligent effort . Think about it , the US crew , whittled down to a third of it 's original size successfully manage to control a foreign submarine and do a better job than it 's own crew members did . Rubbish . The acting , will not bad , betrays a sort of ` oh my god why am I doing this movie ' type feeling . Everybody looks like their kind of cringing and certain aspects of the film are completely wasted in a movie as bad as this , like the model work , which was quite a good attempt to depict a type VII C U-boat . Now , movies , especially historical flicks ofen take liberties with truth or facts and generally these can be quite inconsequential , although annoying , like say `` Memphis Belle '' and the P51d 's escorting the bombers in 1943 -LRB- when in actual fact they were n't around 'til 1944 -RRB- , but this does not significantly alter history and it certainly does not steal another countries soldiers brave efforts . But U-571 is incredibly insulting , not only to the British soldiers who took the enigma machine in the first place , but also to US servicemen , whos own heroic efforts are downplayed as a result of such mis-handling of true events . You 've probably read which innacuracies are involved , elsewhere in these reviews , so I wo n't rehash them again.That gripe being aside , my main gripe is that all the ingredients were there for a truely gripping film . Forget the story -LRB- that can be re-written -RRB- . But with the same model work , camera work , most of the cast , etc a different film entirely could have been made , perhaps based on the true American capture of their enigma in '44 or with British actors , the true account of the capture of the first enigma machine in the Atlantic . Or forget that , why not just make a film about the German crew trying to evade capture or death in their U-boat ? A completely wasted effort and a terrible shame on all involved in this production .
 The film U-571 is as entertaining and captivating as any other product of hollywood . But when look at from a historical point of view , its inaccuracies and misrepresentations are sky high . Not two minutes of the film can pass without sign of hollywoods ignorance of the events that took place in the race to capture the enigma code machine . Even someone with little historical knowledge can identify innacurracies through nothing more than common sense . It is shocking that the writer and director of the film can portray the events with such imprecise detail and show such disrespect to the men who lost their lives in these events of WWI . This film would be good if more historical research was attempted . I rate it 4 out of ten .
 This travesty of a film really takes the biscuit.Despite what many US reviewers say , films like this form attitudes and opinions in their viewers.Thanks to U-571 many people now believe that the USN secured an enigma machine and saved the free world from Nazism . What rubbish !!!!! The RN captured the machines , and we had to tell the USN how to run its anti u-boat campaign.Make a film about that.When you take your history and distort it , like in the patriot you just make yourselves look stupid.When you steal someone elses glory you just look like you are desperate for the world to look up to you.The Yanks CAN make really good war films - The Thin Red Line , Saving Private Ryan and Black Hawk Down were all superb , this disgusting rubbish should be scrapped .
 Setting aside the insulting historical inaccuracies which predictably claim American responsibility for yet another act of British heroism in WWII , this film has a strong premise , a promising cast , and a writer-director with real talent - all of which only serve to make the cliched and boring results even more disappointing . This is allegedly a submarine action movie with an emotional subtext , but it misfires on both tubes . Despite the high-concept - ` US navy intercepts U-boat to steal Enigma code machine , and it all goes horribly wrong ' - nothing much really happens . The commandeered U-boat is damaged and almost out of torpedoes , so the hapless American pirates spend the next hour limping around the ocean floor wondering how they 're going to get out of this mess . I expected so much more from this - more action , more tension , more story . Historical accuracy was left back at the dock , so they ca n't blame fidelity to that . It feels like they shot the second draft of the screenplay - the one where the hero 's character is only half-developed and some of the plot points still need to be worked out . It looks hurriedly cobbled together , too , with special effects that are annoyingly second-rate and some pretty static camera work . This was n't a mega-budget movie , so maybe they spent most of the money on the cast . Yet this does n't pay off , either , because they 're wasted . They 're given nothing to do . Paxton and Keitel have about 20 lines between them , and McConaughey just broods . Jon Bon Jovi disappears so early you 're likely to forget he was ever in it . The ultimate problem , however , is n't the budget . You do n't need a huge budget to make a decent submarine movie . You need a great story . ` The Hunt For Red October ' and ` Crimson Tide ' both rely on great stories more than special effects . ` U-571 ' has a great story IDEA , but it 's under-developed . And it is n't helped by what has to be the most irritating score since ` Eyes Wide Shut . '
 This movie was based on the capture of a U - boat during WWII by the Royal Navy who recovered its Enigma machine and prevented the crew informing the Kriegsmarine -LRB- Nazi navy -RRB- HQ.As well as historical inaccuracy the acting is hopeless and the sub - plots totally unbelievable . There is more realism in a Disney cartoon.Watch `` Das Boot '' instead and get a copy of `` The Cruel Sea '' -LRB- 1952 -RRB- starring Jack Hawkins , Denholm Elliot and Viginia McKenna if you want to see exciting , realistic submarine warfare from above and below the waves .
 I 'm really frustrated with this thing . How do I get that `` Bonus Disk '' icon off the upper left of the screen ??? I do n't want alternate views . I do n't want commentaries . I do n't want WW2 vintage films in a little box . I just want to eat my popcorn and watch my movie . If I wanted little extras on the screen , I 'd watch TBS or Sci-Fi channel .
 Marine Maj. Coonan
 basically this is a movie about a bunker in the deep , never before -LRB- and hopefully after -RRB- has an u-boat been seen that could take more hits from deepwater bombs and continius sailing on . . not to mention the rear nuke they carry around . . one shot of that one could have killed anything . this has to be the worst u-boat movie ever made . . If its the first u-boat movie you ever see it might hold a suprise or two , but otherwise you will easily be able to see what is going to happen the next 10 mins as the movie progresses .
 This film should be called Q-571 . QQQ as naval historians know is the code for `` suspicious ship . '' U-571 certainly is a suspicious ship . As history , it is trash . As Hollywood , it is typical.First , the acting is awful . Bill Paxon 's floating goodbye to McConaughey is sickly sweet . Harvey Keitel 's pep talk to the young McConaughey is also garbage . Second , there was no sub-to-sub combat in WW2 ; no technology existed to make this possible . In fact , several German subs were killed by their own torpedoes coming back on them . Third , the film is xenophobic in that , after killing a German , an American wipes the blood off his coat as if he were wiping off dust . This callous disregard for human life is intolerable . Fourth , the callous disregard of history , in depicting the U-Boat captain ordering survivors in a lifeboat to be killed , is shameful . There was only ONE such reported incident in WW2 . It is worth noting that one American captain similarly machine-gunned Japanese survivors.If you enjoy brainless , moronic cheerleading , this is the film for you . This film does not possess enough intellect to let you do anything but say `` Hooray America ! '' and `` Boo Germany ! '' Pure trash . Is this a recruiting film sponsored by the Navy ?
 This movie just whipes its nose on the pages of history , it was not americans who captured the secret germnan code machine , it was the British , that little point aside the movie had some redeeming qualities but how many times can you set and watch the crew fearfully wait out depth charge barrages , not to mention they leave the germans witha absolutely no human qualities making them into monsters instead of men . You want to see a good submarine movie see the classic . You know the one , and if not I can see why you rented this .
 This movie shamelessly says is `` based on real events '' . As I believe a U-Boat veteran said about this movie , the only thing `` real '' about it is that there were German U-Boats in the Atlantic Ocean during WWII ; the rest is absolute fiction . This movie is not only an insult to the real British seamen who captured the Enigma ; it 's also an insult to every soldier from every nationality -LRB- including USA -RRB- who fought against the Germans.I believe enough time has passed since WWII to portray the enemy in a realistic way , and not just as propaganda caricatures . The Germans in this movie are all portrayed as savage , stupid cowards who can not shot straight . You have to wonder how a bunch of incompetent cowards , with no shooting ability whatsoever , could conquer almost all of Europe , and how it took almost six years to defeat them.The string of sheer idiotic plot points is too long to list , but let me just point to some . The experienced German sub crew is fooled into believing an American sub is actually German by simply painting a swastika and soldering a couple of pieces of metal on it . They also are n't resourceful enough to fix their own submarine , but the Americans have it up and running in a matter of seconds even though only one of them speaks German . Even more insulting to the intelligence of the public is that every shot the Americans fire is a miraculous hit , while the Germans miss everything in sight.It insults the accomplishment of the Allies to portray the enemy as totally incompetent idiots . Their victory is worthless if it 's gained against an enemy made up of cowards . This film is a pile of garbage that spits on the graves of the heroic men , from all sides , who fought in WWII .
 This is a ` true story ' ... but the seamen were English , not American . The story is overblown , over dramatised and fairly forgettable . No stand out performances , special effects are ok , but lack any new material . Its the same old hollywood story under the pretense of truth . If you want ot see a good submarine movie buy Crimson Tide .
 Sat down and saw this one on televion.Only good service was that now I know buying the DVD would be a waste of money.What was actually achieved by the British is portrayed as an American achievement . Slanders the U-boat men portraying them as heartless marauders . Other than allied Propoganda pieces , There are no incidents of U-boats machinegunning people in lifeboats.The movie itself I have little respect . Basicly Plotless and unrealistic . Action scenes unbelievable . Characters Two Dimensional.This film Awful .
 A claustrophobic , straightforward and mindlessly enjoyable World War II thriller about a U.S. Navy submarine crew 's perilous mission to swipe a decoding device from a stranded German sub . A device that could change the outcome of the war itself.This movie , based on a series of real incidents that in actuality were carried out by the British , is given an oddly fictional American spin by writer-director Jonathan Mostow . The melodramatic , sometimes too obvious adventure is certainly at times suspenseful and borderline entertaining but never rises above a comic book level -- which is not necessarily a totally bad thing.Matthew McConaughy and Jon Bon Jovi demonstrate the one-dimensional pretty boy school of acting at it 's best . A stern -LRB- surprise ? -RRB- Harvey Keitel and a usually terrific Bill Paxton walk through their parts straight to the bank . Todd McCarthy 's review in VARIETY said it best
 Every so often a film comes along that so completely fulfills the demands of its genre that all such films that come after it seem to be little more than pale imitations in comparison . Such a film is the 1981 German classic , `` Das Boot , '' undoubtedly the gold-standard against which all other submarine sagas must - fairly or unfairly - inevitably be measured . Since that film pretty much exhausted the great humanistic themes of brotherhood and survival to be found in this category of films , the American submarine films that have come afterwards - `` The Hunt For Red October , '' `` Crimson Tide , '' and now , `` U-571 '' - have been forced to turn to high level suspense plotting to supplement the standard genre conventions . Each of these films has its moments but , the truth be told , one ends up invariably comparing these pieces of pulp entertainment to a genuine work of cinematic art - and there is just no comparison.In a way , this genre , more than virtually any other , suffers from the cramped restrictions of its underwater setting . There just is n't a lot to DO in a submarine and , hence , the directors of these films are obviously very limited in the way they can approach the material both visually and dramatically . Thus , we are subjected to the endless tight close-ups on the men 's worried , perspiring faces as they cast their eyes upward and strain their ears during the inevitable depth-charge and how-low-can-they-go-before-they-break-apart sequences . We know that , before long , we will be watching that needle moving precariously into the red zone on the depth gauge , followed by the customary popping bolts , creaking hull and spouting water mains as the ship challenges the limits of its diving capabilities . -LRB- Not one of these subs , in the history of the movies , by the way , has ever failed this test -RRB- . To get a little visual action into the picture , the cinematographer will , at some point or other , begin shaking the camera chaotically to simulate exploding depth charges a mere stone 's throw from the ship 's egg-like outer shell.Unable to even approach `` Das Boot `` s cinematic and technical expertise , `` U-571 '' attempts to generate excitement with its action movie plotting and ambiance . Regrettably , neither the story nor the characters in this film are particularly engaging . Mathew McConaughey stars as Lt. Andrew Tyler , a naval officer who manages , through a complicated series of partly planned , partly inadvertent circumstances , to lead a group of men on board a German u-boat , kill most of its crew and cruise around the North Atlantic in a Trojan Horse type operation , while uncovering the German codebook they have been sent to find on the ship . Unlike `` Das Boot , '' whose primary concern was to make its recreation of life aboard a sub as realistic and convincing as possible , `` U-571 '' loses its way in a welter of action film histrionics , cardboard cutout characters and maudlin sentimentality . Taylor is supposed to be a second-rate , overly-sensitive officer whom the bigwigs trust so little that they refuse to assign him a boat and a command of his own - but do we doubt , that by finale time , he will have proven himself to be a leader in the true-blue military tradition ? None of the characters in this film seem to differentiate themselves from one another in any way that would make us care about them . They all seem to be , essentially , a group of dressed-up actors playing at soldier - a far cry from the fully fleshed-out and convincing set of characters that comprised Wolfgang Peterson 's crew.Perhaps it is unfair to judge `` U-571 '' in relation to that earlier epic work . -LRB- After all , `` Das Boot '' runs several hours longer than this film -RRB- . Nevertheless , it is a measure of the true greatness of that incomparable German masterpiece that it literally left nothing for future films to add to the genre . It is all there in that one work - complete and perfect in its artistry and form . Very few films sum up their genres as consummately as Wolfgang Peterson 's `` Das Boot . ''
 The extremely heavy-handed hollywood style made parts unwatchable - the worst being the German destroyer -LRB- I do n't think the Germans had destroyers -RRB- dropping 2 depth charges every 20 seconds as they cruised along , but the people in the sub were having to endure 10 of them blowing up in a 10 second period , and all of them too close to survive . If you want a sub flic , see Das Boot .
 Leaving aside the MASSIVE AND GROSS historical inaccuracies which yet again fail to acknowlegde the fact that it was the UK not the US who got the first enigma machine - this is still a TERRIBLE filmWooden acting , submarine film cliche after sumbarine film cliche , complete lack of suspense , obvious plot , boring direction and I have to say some rather weak special effects make this a truly painful experience to sit through.What was Matthew Machonahy thinking off i ask you ? If he wanted to make a war movie then surely there must have been a better script floating around hollywood than this ? It feels as if the story was written committee style by a load of second rate writers who had no clear idea what they were trying to say!Please I beg you do n't waste your time or money on this film - it will leave you reaching for the bottle of jack daniels in a vain attempt to try and wipe your memory clean of this most excruciateingly dull film
 If I could get my money back , I would . This is a fiction based on fact that Hollywood destroyed . The acting was awful , and the story strayed from the actual incident so much that it was laughable . Hollywood 's use of special effects foreclosed any realism , so much that the movie is better described as ludicrous . I could not wait for it to end . Das Boot is a much better movie .
 An absolutely awful awful film.Take an event in history , and corrupt it so almost nothing of the truth remains.As a nation are we really so insecure we have to steal the history of other countries to bolster our own national pride and identity ?! In short , this film takes an event of amazing heroism done by the BRITISH during World War 2 , and makes out it was done by AMERICANS . Frankly I 'm embarassed my nation feels it 's necessary to go down this low.What next ?! How the USA won the Battle of Britain ?! How America beat Napolean ?! How we were responsible for the fall of the Roman Empire ?! Anyone with the slightest sense of nation or even the remotest knowledge of history will feel the same .
 Technically accurate ? How much is technical accuracy worth when the whole story is a monsterous lie ?
 U-571 was a Type VIIC submarine that was commissioned into the German Navy on May 22 , 1941 . U-571 did 11 combat patrols under two commanders -LRB- Helmut Mohlmann and Gustav Lussow -RRB- , and sank 7 enemy ships . U-571 was lost with all hands on January 28 , 1944 during an attack by Australian aircraft , after a combat career of nearly three years.Clearly the film `` U-571 '' has nothing to do with U-571 ! Of course , one usually can not expect much from a hollywood screenplay . The film could have been made about the British Navy capture of a German Navy Enigma device , using the title `` U-110 '' . Or a film could have been made about the U.S. Navy capture of a German Navy submarine and used the title `` U-505 '' . Or the film could have been about U-571 !! Any of the three preceding options would probably be beyond the intellectual grasp of the average Hollywood producer . I have to wonder how the title `` U-571 '' was chosen for a film that is not about U-571 . Possibly , the script writer consulted a reader of tea leaves.Rather than this fantasy , I would recommend `` Das Boot '' , `` Run Silent , Run Deep '' , `` The Enemy Below '' , or `` Thunder Bay '' -LRB- an Italian sub in a duel with a British destroyer commanded by James Mason -RRB- .
 There is nothing in this movie that anyone needs to see . It contains no factual information and it is boring .
 This is the sort of thing Hollywood would have released in 1942 if they could have made it then . An out and out propaganda film , with good guys vs. bad guys , and the bad guys are irredemably evil and the good guys , despite a few flaws , are , well , good.The U-boat itself is pretty good , mind you . It 's just a shame it could n't have been used in a better movie . One , perhaps , with some vague connection to reality . For the most part , German sailors were committed nationalists , but not usually ardent Nazis , and would be just as appalled as any sailor by the idea of shooting up lifeboats . -LRB- It happened once , true , but that was the only time . -RRB- Other problems ? Officers might drop in briefly at an enlisted men 's party , but they 'd never hold joint social events . Submerged submarines could n't shoot at each other until sometime in the 1950 's . No German destroyer ever operated off the Atlantic coast of the United States , or even in the mid Atlantic . And , while submarines all operate on roughly the same principles , the way they do it is sufficiently different from one country to another that an American crew trying to dive a German boat would almost certainly be killed in the process.Mind you , if you just want a lot of noise and special effects , and enjoy watching stuff blow up and do n't care a whit about history or reality , this might just be enjoyable .
 Back when Bill Paxton was coming off of some great 90 's work , Matthew McConaughey was trying to be seen as a serious actor , Harvey Keitel was starring in everything and Jon Bon Jovi was trying his hand at acting , ` U-571 ' was born . Like so many have stated , this film looks great , it sounds great and in the end it is rather entertaining , BUT the biggest flaw is the most noticeable and the one that will forever mar this from being anything worth my time and attention.It 's stupid.Not only is the film largely formatted for the taste of American 's -LRB- who would have ever thought I 'd ethically battle a Matthew McConaughey film ? -RRB- but the script is obviously thrown together with the most preposterous of direction.It 's almost as if it was n't even trying.The sad thing with a film like this is that it is supposed to be serious and believable . When you are dealing with a subject as strongly enrooted as WWII you need to handle with care so-to-speak . You ca n't take so many liberties , and while some can be somewhat forgiven -LRB- I mean , I understand the ` leaning ' towards the American side of things since this is a Hollywood film made from the American point of view -RRB- they really should be . I mean , film of this nature should at least attempt to be honest.And what saddens me even more is that the film is reduced to a state of ridiculousness , with one impossible sequence after another . It 's one thing for a sci-fi popcorn muncher in the vein of ` Armageddon ' to pull out all stops in the ` preposterous ' side of things , for a film like that is supposed to suspend our disbelief . It 's another thing entirely when a film about a widely discussed and historically chronicled war is played with in a way that basically makes a mockery of a very serious and very controversial subject.If you 're not going to take it seriously then do n't do it at all.But , I guess the whole ` starring Matthew McConaughey ' should have been ample warning.So , in the end I have to say ` skip this one ' . Yes , the effects are solid and the overall tone and feel of the film is ` authentic ' , but the film borders on insulting with its handling of the subject matter .
 I had many mixed reactions about this film , but one thing I can say for sure , is that it was designed to simply make money , and not to put on a serious WW2 submarine movie . Not even coming close to competing with the internationally acclamined movie Das Boot , this movie should be simply watched and admired for its good computer animated special effects . Not to mention that this film was incredibly unrealistic when it came to effectively showing submarine combat in World War Two , I give you two examples from the film . Number one , there was no submarine to submarine combat in World War Two , the torpedoes on board German U-boats and American submarines alike did not have any lock-on devices , since that technology did not exist at the time , -LRB- Duh -RRB- the torpedoes , when fired , would simply continue in a straight line of fire until they either exploded accidentally or slammed into the sea-floor . So , in that respect , it would be imposible to fire at another submarine that was traveling in the same direction moving fast , and not having any modern sonar or target aquisition technology on the torpedoes . That is why submarines where mainly used in World War Two for the destruction of enemy convoys , which the Germans where quite good at . The second example is towards the end of the film , when the Americans launch another torpedo at the bow of a German destroyer . The destroyer mysteriously explodes in a ripple effect . How could a destroyer suddenly ignite into a thousand pieces from being hit being hit in the bow . Unless that 's the place where the crew kept there secret stash of Chinese fire crackers ? Anyway , that was just plain dumb . This is no Das Boot .
 I think the title of this review says it all . I lost count of the historical inaccuracies after the first ten minutes ! Of course , the Germans were the brutal bunglers who cheated on zeir frauleins und vipped zeir dachsunds ! No really , steer well clear of this disaster . If you wish to view a TRUE account of the Battle of the Atlantic as the sailors saw it , watch `` Das Boot
 This film is the ultimate nightmare ! When reading some of the reviews I could not believe these people had seen the film , neither could I believe what some people wrote . I mean , not being accurate about historical facts is one thing , but simply misleading the audience to show once again how great the boys did is another - and on top of it to read
 U-571 , although entertaining suffers from the usual Hollywood inaccuracies . One reviewer here stated that `` Johnathon Mostow was very concerned about the accuracy of this film . I do n't see how anyone can call it inaccurate , it is n't . '' Apparently people now consider Hollywood producers and directors historians . Sigh . Statements like this demonstrate how Hollywood gets away with making second rate movies like this one.The movie is mildly entertaining -- although the characters are one-dimensional and the story is pretty predictable -- some of the underwater scenes are well done . But , for accuracy , I 'll watch Das Boot which is a pretty accurate respresentation of submariners -LRB- if you subtract the ficticous use of red battle lights -- it is n't as if a sub has windows people -RRB- . I think the movie would have played better if it was at least about a British sub crew -LRB- FYI I 'm a `` yank '' -RRB- and have given more credit to the fact that the Brits were the ones who captured the Enigma . Other reviewers have made good points about how we ripped off the Brits and did n't give them enough credit in the movie -- I have to agree with this.Hopefully our cousins over in Europe will understand that this is a Hollywood movie and , as a result , many of me and my fellow Yanks recognize to whom the real credit should go .
 Capturing -LRB- and operating -RRB- german U-boat without knowing german language . What is next ? Heroic sailors who don ' t know how to swimm ?
 U-571 movie is an complete and utter insult to the British who fought and died in WW2 . The historical innacuracies are everywhere . A big one is that the Brits captured the Enigma decoder machine , not the Americans -LRB- we were n't even in the war yet ! -RRB- . Why does Hollywood sometimes feel the need to rewrite history ? I find it funny how most Americans give this movie high ratings , but most people outside the US rate it low . Are we -LRB- US -RRB- that stupid ? Maybe Americans just do n't give a hoot about how history is portrayed in movies as long as we are the clean-cut heroes who win in the end and take credit for everything . People say that this is only fiction and harmless . But I say that it is based on specific historical facts - which got totally twisted and distorted . Hollywood can make great historically accurate war movies when they really want to . This movie is total embarrasment and I appologize to all of the Brits for this insulting , inaccurate , -LSB- weak -RSB- movie . If this movie and the new Pearle Harbor are the sign of things to come , I think we are in trouble . Buy Das Boot . One of the best and historically accurate war movies ever made .
 This is a very ordinary -LRB- and no more than that -RRB- WW2 submarine film . In the 1950s it would have been a B-movie ; special effects are better now , of course , so it 's a ` blockbuster ' . It barely merits one star , but the system wo n't allow none at all . But that 's not the point , of course.The worrying thing is the revisionist history it contains . We are getting used to it in Britain , but Hollywood constantly rewrites history to favour the Americans , and often at our expense . `` The Patriot '' was disgraceful enough in attributing to 1770s British troops atrocities committed by WW2 Germans against French civilians -LRB- at Orodour -RRB- , but at least Hollywood was trying to establish in blatant terms who was `` good '' -LRB- Americans -RRB- and who `` bad '' -LRB- British -RRB- for the purpose of the film . `` U 571 '' goes further than that , because it rewrites history to give credit to people who do not deserve it , and by implication to take credit from those that do.It 's the feeling that some people do n't think this matters that worries me . Imagine the outcry in the US if anyone made a film showing the Royal Marines capturing Iwo Jima and raising the British Flag . Or how about how the British fought and won the Battle of the Bulge?It does matter . Really .
 By the time the USN eventually caught a u-boat the British had had Enigma for years . All the yanks did was risk tipping off the Nazis . This is stolen glory , like wearing the medals for a conflict you were n't in .
 It seems the war genre , despite providing some of the better films of cinematic history , has become one of the quickest to become cliched . The major problem that deterred the enjoyment of U-571 was how disappointingly ordinary some of the charecters in it were . They all seemed to be stereotyped relics from other war movies , which , given the talent at hand here , I found to be rather unaccetpable . Although in fairness , I do n't think this film cared much for its second world war setting , it just seemed to be set against the backdrop of this , and used it as an excuse to create a not awfully thrilling action film . None of the performers seemed to be dishing out the Saving-Private-Ryanesque oscar hammieness such a film would have definitely required . On the thriller front , I 've never really found a team of men racing around an underwater boat , shouting a load of mathematical terminology , e.g. , in this case metres , yards and so forth very thrilling , yet this film seems to rally around this rather than explore the interesting concept behind the story as much as it could have . None of the performances , ranging from Matthew McConaughey to Bill Paxton to Harvey Keitel , were genuinely emoting , because , perhaps thanks largely to the script , they were either too in-your-face , or too cliched . It 's a shame because I was really hoping to enjoy this movie . 1/5 star .
 So bad , on so many levels , not the least of which is the casting . If you can stomach the lightweight wimp McWhateverHisNameIs , you just might be able to hack submarine duty yourself . But I doubt it . It 's an insult to even mention this heap of garbage within earshot of Das Boot -LRB- oops , sorry -RRB- , the best war film ever made . Hollywood is incapable of making a REAL war movie , partly because war has never come to this country , but mostly because Hollywood is concerned with `` entertainment , '' not art . All copies of this should be confiscated and sent to the bottom of the ocean , along with the director and pitiful actors .
 David Scott Roberts review -LRB- See above -RRB- inadvertently proves the point of those criticising this film 's bastradisation of history . Alan Turing , the inventor of the computer , was not based at Princeton University , USA , but at Kings College Cambridge , UK . Now what were you saying about films like this not affecting the lamentably ignorant US publics ' views of history ??
 Maybe a good movie but woefully inaccurate historically . The stealing of the Enigma machine actually occurred before the US entered WWII ... . I guess sooner or later Hollywood will have rewritten history to such an extent that the US will always have existed and that Europe is in fact a US colony , not the other way round !
 This could have been a great movie . This could have been an excellent movie . Yes , it was a major fudging of history . However , the ENIGMA , which was the focal point of the movie , was all too real . The breaking of the ENIGMA code -LRB- by Alan Turing of Princeton university -RRB- was arguably the single greatest factor which served as the impetus for an allied victory in WWII . The ENIGMA was the encrypted message system the Germans used to deploy their fleet . So convinced were the Nazis that it could not be broken that they refused to believe it was compromised , even when they began losing ships & submarines at an alarming pace . However , that 's another story.As other reviewers have pointed out , this movie is pure fiction about the Allied recovery of ENIGMA equipment . In real history , it was the British , not the US , who were successful at this . However , if one is willing to just `` go with it , '' this still could have been a decent movie.What causes the undoing of this movie is the acting . Or , should I say , the lack thereof ? Matthew McConaughey , in particular , turns in a truly horrid performance . He is so dull & bland that he makes Kevin Costner seem flamboyant by comparison . Bill Paxton is n't much better . I nearly fell asleep when these two had their CO / XO talk early on in the film . Watching both of them attempt to act was about as exciting as seeing an earthworm compete in a 100 meter dash.If you want to see a great submarine movie , check out `` Das Boot , '' `` Crimson Tide , '' `` The Hunt For Red October '' or `` Run Silent , Run Deep . '' If you find yourself having absolutely nothing to do on a Friday night , `` U571 '' might be worth renting after you 've seen every other submarine movie ever made .
 About the only thing they got right was that World War Two was fought in the in a lot of water with boats . Mediocre acting aside , the historical inaccuracies were so glaring that they were an acutal distraction.Not to go too deep ; so many have already posted excellent -LRB- bad - but fitting -RRB- reviews to this movie . I 'll just add a few observations as well . * Submarines of the time did not have the capability to conduct sub to sub combat while submerged . I think they got this confused with Hunt for Red October . * You would n't see a German Destroyer alone that far from the coast . * If we needed to break the code - I 'd assume they did n't know the code - yet they knew that a German Sub was in trouble . * The enigma machine was a good catch -LRB- which the British actually accomplished -RRB- but it was the code books that were the real key . * German plane would have been incapable of reaching that scene . * Etc. ... For a real underwater classic , Das Boot is the only choice you need .
 Treat this movie as the fiction it is , and enjoy it . I do not recommend this movie to anyone who has served their country due to the obvious LACK OF RESEARCH that accompanies the film . If Hollywood ca n't get their facts right -LRB- even in a fictional sense -RRB- , then it would be nice if they did n't use names that describe an actual event or object . For historical accuracy , it was an Australian working under the British that cracked the Enigma Code .
 In a nutshell ; I will have to reinforce the comments of several previous reviewers . The film combined significant historical inaccuracy with a series of very clumsy rip offs of the dramatic high points of the film Das Boot . Viewing the original requires a three hour time commitment , but it is truly one of the best action/suspense flicks ever made . Watching this one consisted of boredom interspersed with moments of despair involving the poorly done `` cut and paste '' plagiarism .
 The cracking of the enigma code played an integral part of the allied war effort of World War II . The Germans had developed and nearly perfected a code machine capable of sending accurate messages swiftly without fear of interception due to it 's complexities . It was important for the allies to not only get their hands on an enigma code machine but to decipher its ever-changing code.U-571 builds its premise around this exciting and disturbing event but the film , itself , is anything but exciting . It merely attempts to ride on the coattails of other submarine films such as The Hunt For Red October and Das Boot , including all of the suspense devices that it can squeeze into its 2 hours.Matthew McConaughey plays Lt. Tyler , an ambitious young marine officer wanting his own naval commission . ' I do n't think so ' says his Captain -LRB- portrayed woodenly by Bill Paxton -RRB- . Apparently Tyler would not be capable of making the tough decisions , risking lives for the mission or the greater cause . Disappointed , Tyler wonders what his next mission will be , succumbed to the thought that he will forever be a submarine 's second in command.But this is WWII and his next mission is revealed quickly - to disguise their US submarine as a German submarine , find another German submarine stranded somewhere in the middle of the Atlantic , pretend to be Germans , board the real German submarine , steal their enigma machine and get out of sight before the real Germans arrive . But the catch is to ensure that the Germans remain completely unaware that the enigma machine is gone . Otherwise , the Germans will abandon its use.Through a course of events including submarines catching on fire , going far beneath its depth capabilities , and continuous carpet bombings , Tyler is forcibly given his own command . Will he have what it takes to be a submarine captain ? Will he be able to risk lives for the sake of the greater cause?More bombs , more fires , more plummeting submarines and - yes - an opportunity to send a man to his death are soon to follow without surprise . As an audience , we are asked to feel for the officers who are risking life and limb for truth , justice , and the American way . It is an almost impossible feat with U-571 as the characters are simply used as plot devices for the film . If the producers wanted to reach the success of Red October or Das Boot , they should have realised that it is the boat that is the plot device and it is the characters that provide the story - not the other way around.The film fails as it is simply bland and unoriginal in its character development , or lack thereof , and its action sequences . But more importantly , and more shamelessly , is that it rewrites history without embarrassment or concern . Although it mentions in its end credits that this was a work of fiction , it still gives the impression that these events at least bordered on accuracy.The enigma machine did exist and was captured by the British forces . The British were also able to board a submarine and steal an enigma code book . And the British were eventually able to crack the enigma code . Certainly , these events could be made into an exciting film , not just one which is merely watchable .
 This movie is a perfect example of Hollywood 's love of special effects , and disregard of realism . Everything in this movie explodes in a blinding flash of gasoline . The sinking of the German destroyer is arguably the greatest departure from realism.The plot is weak and far too predictable , what passes for foreshadowing is so simplistic , a six-year-old recognizes it . In addition , there are far too many unexplained incidents , the worst of which occurs early in the movie when the U-571 is disabled by depth charges from the British Navy , and the sub has no choice but to surface . And guess what ? Suddenly , the British Navy is nowhere to be seen ! Of course , if realism were a concern , the sub would surface and be blown out of the water by the destroyer and the movie would be over.Don ' t buy this movie . If you have to see it , go rent it ... one viewing will be sufficient .
 Pathetic USA rewrite of history . British sailors died in the real incident . Please boycott or suffer more stupid reworks .
 U-571 is nothing more than Das Boot with a higher budget , no realism whatsoever , not historically accurate , and recycled from over 50 submarine movies . I did n't care for it at all . If you want a real sub movie , do n't waste money on this . The only thing this movie has going for it is that the action is great . The special effects are definitely better than The Hunt for Red October 's -LRB- not that I 'm disrespecting Hunt in any way , but its special effects did leave a bit to be desired -RRB- . The sound is great , and the tension is also well done . But , when you look past the action movie coating , this movie is nothing but Armageddon in a sub . The movie throws away the chance to be good only to be a pumped up action film . While U-571 is not about something that never happened , it is instead much worse . It was the British , not the Americans , who found the Enigma machine . This is just another example of those stupid American producers over at Universal who make the rest of us look bad . This movie takes a great accomplishment away from Britain . I also ca n't figure out why Harvey Keitel is in this movie . He is a bad actor ; this movie does n't deserve him . I guess he was low on cash , and the script could have looked good on paper . Basically , if you want an entertaining yet stupid sub movie , rent this . If you want a real sub movie that is well made and accurate , not to mention entertaining , rent Das Boot or Crimson Tide . Otherwise , you might find this piece of dishonorable trash appealing .
 This film set out to make us pick sides , by using music , clothing , plot , and other tactics to pursuide us that the Americans are the `` good guys '' and the that the Germans are the evil enemys that have to be concured for the hope of man kind.This film trys to make you feel that the clean cut Americans have to capture the enigma machine so that the world will be saved . They try to personalise it by seeing that the Luitenent fails to become a captain and that all the crew love him.This film trys to makes the Germans out to be filthy and brutal by killig the survivers of the submarine which the blew up . The also made the Germans look bad by when the Americans let the Captain live , how he escapes and sabortages the sub.Even the History is wrong , because it was the Britz that actually captured most of the enigmas and who also cracked the code not the `` brave '' Americans.Over all this film decives ytou to make you believe that you should be baraking for the Americans 10 mins into the movie . it is a very crewl and deceptive film . I can not belive that such a lie was even let out on film let alone of Vidio and DVD.P.S . I recomend to not watch this if you have not seen this before !!!
 Having heard the general plot of this movie and knowing the Allies had had at least two events which followed the plot , I expected this movie in some way to relate to reality . I guess the director decided that real war would not sell tickets . The movie is complete fantasy . The choice was made to use a few facts , which serves to confuse the audience . Kubrick , Spielburg , and other skilled directors have proven war flicks can be realistic , interesting , and exciting . I found this movie completely lacking in the first two criteria .
 This really is n't a very good movie . It 's a barely passablemovie . It 's made up as a period piece , but it is not verycredible in that respect . A simple-minded enough wayto kill a couple hours , I guess , but this is clearly justanother effort to make money off of the WWII jones thatmost people have and can not refuse . The acting is veryminimal , and in fact there is wasted talent all over -- Harvey Keitel in particular . The explosions are ... ok , I guess , but the sense of triumph in this one is mutedby the fact that I can turn on the History Channel any dayof the week and watch something more compelling.Das Boot , the German movie , is frankly a bit better thanthis , and I did n't even like Das Boot very much !
 This movie is a complete travesty , not to mention an insult to the intelligence of the movie going public . One can only hope the producers and director of this piece of flotsam never worked in pictures again
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen . Matthew McConaughey can act , but with this poor excuse for a movie he is given no room to shine . Also , I disliked Harvey Keitel in 1999 's Holy Smoke and after seeing this I dislike him even more . Do yourself a favor and pass this movie up the next time you want to rent a movie
 If you 're looking for digital effects and good quality picture -LRB- one star each -RRB- clear night scenes , thundering sound effects for your HT system -RRB- and cowboy type action , buy it . If you 're sensitive mowie fan with taste , who wonts more than just sound and picture this film is not what you 're looking for . A just another Hollywood hi tech FICTION . Nothing to do with truth and facts from that era -LRB- maby was n't intended to be -RRB- , it is a disapointmet . The Enigma machine along with it 's cracked code and three young matematicians was delivered to England and France in 1939 by Poland 's secrete service . How come the British do n't mention that fact ? The capture of actual nazi Uboat belongs to Britain Royal Navy . Mr. Mostow ! if you 're using such a huge historical fact which ENIGMA represents please do some library research or at least ask historians . Can not rate it any higher than ** . `` Das Boot '' is still # 1 in this category , a clasic movie with the sense of truth , simplicity and soul in it -LRB- also unbelievable sound effects -RRB- that make you watch it over nad over again...U-571 is not .
 This film is boring , factually inaccurate and complete rubbish!If you want a good underwater adventure , try The hunt for Red October or Crimson tide and avoid this trash at all costs !
 Blu-ray Info / Region FreeVC-1 BD-25 / Advanced Profile 3Running time
 I was given this as a present as most of my friends knew my fascination with naval history - especially WWII . By chance , I had just finished reading an account of the capture of the Enigma from U110 in May 1941 -LRB- a very hazardous boarding led by Sub Lt David Balme from HMS Bulldog -RRB- . I was aware the film was only loosely based on these events but I as I watched I realised that any enjoyment I would have got from the film was totally ruined by the building resentment that Hollywood had totally rewritten the story to give its core audience -LRB- the American public -RRB- home grown heroes to cheer . Nothing wrong with that you might think - but why not choose any one of the many heroic feats of arms performed by the USN - esp in the Pacific Theater - where there would not be the need to take credit away from some very brave men and there would also be the opportunity to educate the public about the real sacrifices made on our behalf 60 years ago.To those who think I am being over defensive - firstly I think , as a matter of principle , historical revisionism is dangerous and should be exposed when encountered and secondly just imagine the reaction if a British film came out detailing the capture of Iwo Jima by British Royal Marines or one showing an outnumbered Royal Navy carrier force inflicting grievious losses on the Japanese at Midway ...
 I had reasonable hopes for U-571 , and while I usually never pre-judge a movie , I had a suspicion that no naval film could ever be as good as Das Boot . Sadly , this proved to be true . Sure , it was well made , but are n't most movies these days ? I found it boring , implausible and just plain bad . -LRB- Do n't read further if you have n't seen it and want to decide for yourself -RRB- Certain elements of the plot -LRB- if this movie could be said to have one -RRB- are exaggerated , wrong , or unlikely . Firstly , we all know about the fact the the British were the first ever Allied troops to use a German sub to capture Enigma . The captions at the end of U-571 that reveal this fact , and many others , seems like an admission to failure if ever I saw one . Second , the badly damaged German sub commandeered by the Americans manages to sink a German destroyer
 U571 is perhaps the most absurd war film I have ever seen . Nothing about this film is believable . IT starts out with the absurd proposition that a German sub captain and crew stood by while approached by the crew of an American sub posing as another German crew . The Germans would have made radio or semaphore contact - not to mention the fact that the Germans could see the American sub and did not notice that it was American , not German . OK , it was raining , but then another German sub comes along , sees the two subs , recognizes which one is American , and torpedoes it . Apparently the other Germans were better at sub recognition.Then a few Americans on the captured German sub take a 4 second lesson in German sub operation and proceed to destroy the other German sub - amazing ! They encounter a German plane over the Atlantic . One of the American seamen orders another to shoot it down AGIANST THE ORDERS OF AN OFFICER WHO IS STANDING RIGHT THERE . The officer does nothing to this seaman . On Das Boot , the Captain almost shoots a crewman who panics . Who could believe US officers to be so easy going?The American controlled sub approaches a German surface vessel , where the plane comes from . Once again , the Germans do n't bother with radio or semaphore contact . The American man their deck gun while the Germans sit idly by , and get their radio shot out . Apparently German warships only had 1 radio during WW2 , because now they can not tell that one of their subs has been captured . If that is not all idiotic enough , remember that this has to be some time in 1943 - what is a German cruiser doing out in the Atlantic in broad daylight that late in the war?A German prisoner overpowers one of the Americans on 571 and gets his 45 . Another superhuman American charges him , gets shot , but keeps on going and gets the German . Is n't it funny how Germans drop when shot but Americans keep right on going ? Earlier in the film , when the Americans board U571 , most of the Germans hide in the engine room and cower when the Americans enter . Fact is that the German U Boat crews were chosen for their nerve . Theirs was the most elite service in German military of WW2 , but in this movie they are mostly spineless cowards.I did not see the rest of this film , because it was just getting too stupid to be entertaining . One might point out that this in not a historical documentary , its supposed to be entertaining , but how can something so blatantly idiotic be entertaining ? This film is worse than Holywood propaganda films during the war . Not only does it portray the enemy as incompetent idiots or cowards and the Americans as superheroes , it has numerous historical inaccuracies . War films do not have to be 100 % accurate , but they can not be completely unbelievable and still be entertaining . This film should have been made as a spoof or not at all . As a serious film it is pathetic and a waste of time . I want the producers to pay me for the time I wasted watching their idiotic garbage .
 An absolute travesty of history . The representation of the US being the forces who captured the Enigma machine is a crass insult to the memories of those British servicemen and women who died in action and espionage attempts -LRB- and final success -RRB- in retrieving an Enigma . What will Hollywood produce next ? American scientists splitting the atom ? Maybe we could have the USAF winning the Battle of Britain against the Luftwaffe in 1940 , years before the yanks even entered the war ? How about them sinking the Bismark?This film is like England producing a film claiming to have landed the first men on the moon , or the hisory of the RAF ending the war in the Far East by bombing Hiroshima ? or The Queens Household cavalry being the sole defenders of the Alamo?A load of tosh and utter trite - typical gung-ho American jingoism . Alhough the producers try and put the film in context in VERY SMALL PRINT AT THE END OF THE FILM , it still tries to show the events as being factual . Disgraceful - those remembered at Chicksands and Bletchley Park must be turning in their graves .
 This unsubtle attempt by Americans to claim credit for capturing the Enigma machine , probably the single most important event in the war , is frightening . I could talk about the bad acting and directing , but those aspects of the film pale in comparison to the enormous insult to the memory of those who actually performed this feat and those who worked on project Ultra . Anyone who cares about history will be disgusted that with the war over for only fifty five years , those who would like to rewrite the history books are already gaining credibility in Hollywood .
 I feel indebted to Hollywood once again . They have put me straight following ridiculously innacurate history lessons suggesting that in fact the British had something to do with WWII .
 Right , so this film is n't actually based on the real life event , so therefore we British should n't feel offended by the disgraceful revisionist ideas of this film?This does n't stop you Yankees waving your stars and stripes every time an American hero -LRB- no matter if they 're fictional or not -RRB- kills a nasty Russian , Vietnamese or German does it?This film may be made up , but a very similar event did take place , so you can understand why we British feel offended at whats being implied.If you ca n't tell I really did not like this film .
 I liked the storyline for this DVD , but did not like the editing . I saw the original movie when it was released , and this is not the original . Some of the characters have been changed , and the editing is poor . For the original DVD I would give 5 stars , but for this -LRB- the non-region 2 DVD -RRB- edited version I would give 1 star but I like the story so I give it 2 stars .
 U571 is a badly written film . It is a bias film that would have had potential but it didnt . I didnt like it because it was boring and there was no suspense . An example of this is when there all dancing , about to go on the submarines . It lacked a the true storyline , and this is the main reason of the movies weakness . The that were bertrayed were very realistic , such as the germans and how they looked not as heroic as the americans . they looked like dogs , with smely underarms and they hadnt shaved for a few days . This was the main positive thought of the film . Overall it wasnt a great success , it was a fizzer meaning everyone thought it would be good and it turned out to be bad . i would give it a two out of five . I dont recommend seeing it . You are just wasting your money when you could be spending it on other movies such as Saving Private Ryan and the Shawshank Redemption .
 This is another of those `` Americans did everything in the war '' and `` American Hero '' Movies . In This movie the Americans went ahead and said that they did all the work in capturing the ENIGMA Machine , when in fact , the English did , even before the Americans even joined the war . Another historical fact , The real U571 was sunk off Ireland , by good old Aussies . Now to get onto the actual Movie . The movie was actually very boring , people in other reviews are talking about good `` special effects '' , when it is all just good pyrotechnics . Not a good movie , do n't see it , it should get a 1 , but it bumped to 2 because of lots of explosions .
 I really like the main plot of this movie , that us North Americans are unexpectedly pulled into a developing war . Despite the fact that there were subtitles , I ran into a few problems since I only speak English and Russian , and not German . The camera goes back and forth between the Americans and Germans so that the viewer has the entire point of view , which I do n't like because it adds to predictability . Then , when the Americans take over the German sub , everything is said so technically and is confusing as all out . They could have made the sub engine gears more subtle , and focused on the battle , but they did n't . In conclusion , the first half was fairly good , but the rest is REALLY REALLY hard to sit through . Try `` Crimson Tide '' . This is a no go .
 I was very disappointed in this film . The enigma codes were in reality recovered by the British sailors in surface ships and I am not aware of any heroic American mission to recover them . For a start the construction of American heroes on this theme seemed wrong . Then the plot began to drag as all the old submarine war movie cliches were rerun - the tension between CO and XO , the destroyer-submarine combat , the depth charges , the leaking pipes and the frightened faces of cocooned men hundreds of feet below the surface . The representation of the technology also wrankled me . The rate at which charges are dropped by destroyers would make the close succession of explosions near the sub impossible . Moreover , the closeness of those explosions at 200m depth would definitely have imploded the hull . Generally , a load of garbage .
 I was expecting a good old-fashioned action/war movie when I saw U-571 , unfortunately the results were n't very good . It quickly falls short with a terrible script , awful acting , bad direction and an overly-long running time . The great cast which includes superstars Matthew McConaughey , Bill Paxton and Harvey Keitel even fail to make the film better . All in all , U-571 is a terrible film , it is bound to make you sick from the obvious historical inaccuracies and cheeziness . This is definitely one I would n't rush out to see again .
 THIS IS ANOTHER HOLLYWOOD RIP OFF . DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME WITH U-571 . INSTEAD CHECK OUT GERMANY 'S GREAT SUBMARINE WAR FILM TITLED DAS BOOT . IF YOU REALLY WANT TO SEE U571 , RENT IT . BETTER YET RENT THEM BOTH -LRB- U571 & DAS BOOT -RRB- BUT WATCH DAS BOOT FIRST . WHEN YOU BEGIN TO WATCH U-571 , AFTER THE FIRST TEN MINUTES YOU WILL BE ROLLING YOUR EYES AND MUMBLING UNDER YOUR BREATH `` RIP OFF '' . IN THE END , YOU WILL END UP BUYING DAS BOOT . AMAZON.COM HAS THE BEST PRICE . FYI - THE MAKERS OF DAS BOOT ALSO MADE STALINGRAD , ANOTHER GREAT WWII FLICK .
 U-571 is a film that was about WWII U-boats from the American forces stealing the enigma from the Germans , WRONG . This movie has got the real history all wrong . It was the Brittish -LRB- Poms -RRB- that took the Enigma off Hitlers army . I would know I studied WWII history at Oxford Universty .
 You do n't see too many submarine-movies anymore these days . I think that 's a shame . I also think it 's a shame u-571 is n't anything remarkable . It 's watching sweaty faces looking up as they hear their own sub collapsing under the pressure for two hours . It 's not really about the crew or the enemy , it 's just about the submarine . And then there are some nice action sequences and some passable ` thrills ' and a forgettable climax with a bunch of bangs and that 's it .
 this is one of the worse propaganda war films ever esp . about sub warfare . its so unbelievable and just some hollywood garbage . i would watch das boot which is 100 % better and much more realistic.all and all this movie bites big time . bad !
 i do n't know if you are but i am sick and tired of Americans changing history so they can cry and blow there nose on other countries national flags . U-571 was the same again . The movie should of been named `` Yanks are up themselves '' or `` We did n't do anything in the war so lets pretend we did '' . I also hate how the Americans are alwayus so clean cut and loyal and there opponments are rough , dirty and scraggy . Not that i am saying the the Germans where all well cut but there was not that bigger difference between the to opposing countries . For example the americans are all well shaven , well dressed and well stuck up themselves saying quotes like `` this enigma machine will make or break the war '' and `` we are doing this for America '' as they sail off into the sunset . but in comparresment not one German is shaven they all have scrappy cloths and are hidding at the depths of the sea . to end do n't see it it messes with your mind
 This film should be the last war film you ever watch . What a waste of time ! If I had paid to see this I would have demanded my money back ! Many other reviewers have picked holes in the film itself and the many technical mistakes so it is pointless repeating it here.The real story of `` U-571 '' is far more exciting and captivating than the fiction within this film . At least the film refers to the real heroes at the start of the credits , but I guess Hollywood does n't like the idea of foreigners being heroes!In short , just do n't watch it .
 Another product of Hollywood 's `` Karaoke Culture '' . In an age where we see cinematic remakes of every kind , we have in `` U-571 '' an outrageous attempt to borrow from the success and acclaim of `` Das Boot '' . But instead of a gripping war drama that reveals the tragic waste of war , we get a cheap flag-waving pile of Hollywood propaganda . The lighting , camera angles and claustrophobic set are obviously inspired by DB . But the bigoted innacuracies -LRB- German submariners machine gunning helpless sailors -RRB- and absurd scenarios -LRB- an incredibly lucky stern shot sinks a destroyer in hot pursuit -RRB- put this ridiculous movie in its own category . U-571 is just another thin , over-promoted , throw-away movie you 'll forget the day after you see it .
 Yet another piece of Hollywood trash trying to push a revisionist history upon the public at large . Is n't history interesting and broad enough as it is ? Although loosely based on real events , this film unjustly tries to steal the laurels of English sailors and place them on American ones who were never there.The acting was mediocre at best and much of the movie 's techniques were a direct rip-off from the superior German film , ` Das Boot ' . Yes , the Enigma encoding machine was taken clandestinely from a German sub , but not by Americans
 I was n't exepcting a history lesson when I went to see this movie . Most of the greatest war films -LRB- Bridge over the River Kwai being one of them -RRB- were not entirely true to life . The real problem with this film that it seems to be one of a seemingly endless speil of `` movies '' that all have the same simplistic plot , the same characters , the same action , the same ending and for chrissakes Hollywood it is getting BORING ! I ca n't believe that people still spend millions at the cinema to watch the same old blockbuster tripe that is trawled out every summer ! I was disappointed to see U571 in this category , especially as it was directed by Jonathan Mostow , who also did the excellent `` Breakdown '' . I do n't have a problem with historical inaccuracies but I do find it disturbing when these films are linked to real events . Why even mention engima at all ? Why not just write an entirely fictional account ? I know it 's fiction but after having a massive argument in a chatroom about the `` historical epic '' the `` Patriot '' , I now know that there are a frightening amount of stupid people -LRB- mostly American -RRB- who actually believe that these films portray the real events . Even more disturbing is the way that the films cover up anything that might be detrimental to how the world views America . There was a black guy along for the ride so that we all know America was not a racist , segregated country in the 40 's . I 'm surprised there was n't a token woman on board so that one of the crew would have somebody to shag at the end of the movie . I could n't have given a rat 's about any of the one-dimensional characters . We were never properly introduced to any of them so we never cared when any of them died or had to prove themselves . The U571 crew , naturally , were all portrayed as ruthless , evil murderers with the subtlety of an A-bomb . And there was me thinking they were just ordinary people with families fighting for their country as well . Silly me . Watching Das Boot , I sweated with those guys and I was cursing the allies for bombing them in the Straits of Gibraltar . That is what a good film truly does to you . It makes you care , not laugh . And I liked the way the Yanks made a heroic comment about not firing until fired upon just so that we 'd know they were the good guys - and then proceeding to machine-gun everything that moved . -LRB- Can you use a machine gun in a sub ? Wo n't it ricochet everywhere ? -RRB- Finally , it is about time that directors woke up to the fact that big explosions do not make a good film - especially when the cinema is all laughing hysterically at the dialogue that is being spoken . I 'm amazed such a number of good actors went along with this , still I guess they have mortgages to pay . In the end the only reason I can think of for watching this is the large amount of good-looking men in it . If they 'd done the movie butt-naked it would have been a lot more interesting .
 What a nasty , trashy little film this is . I must say that America is doing its reputation abroad absolutely no good by producing films like this and ` the patriot ' . I am quite astounded by the number of reviewers saying `` this is a movie not a documentary ... just enjoy this movie as good entertainment '' . You people need to get real.Realise the impact that the cinema has on todays society . Sad as it is some people actually get their history classes while eating a big tub of popcorn . But thats the way it is . I feel Holywood producers should be dutybound not to distort history . Why the need ? You have a ready made script for you in any decent history book . And some reviewers have made mention of the historical note tied in with the end credits . Oh , this makes it all right does n't it ? Most people have already upped and left by the time this appears in a cinema , blah-blahing on about how great America was during the war , waving the stars and stripes . Read a history book . You were n't even in the war when a British trawler captured the enigma machine . Fortunately I have seen some American reviewers who are thoroughly ashamed of this film -LRB- you are a true credit to your nation -RRB- . But for all you other mel gibson style ` patriots ' ; get an education ! Just to say about the acting and atmosphere in the film ; its okay , nothing special . Has absolutely nothing on Das Boot or the H.F.R.Oct . Not that decent acting or direction would have redeemed it in my eyes .
 Here we go again , Hollywood stealing the history of another nation and passing it off as their own . It amazes me that Hollywood feels the need to steal the history of other nations when there are many untold stories of American WW2 success that could be told instead . This does n't just insult the British -LRB- who actually captured the enigma machine before America even joined the war -RRB- , but it 's also an insult to the Americans to have Hollywood try to pass this off as American history , not to mention an insult to both the American and British military personnel who actually fought this terrible war . ...
 For any person who knows a little about WWII history this movie is pure torture to watch.It is not so much that the whole plot is fantasy -LRB- the capture of the Enigma machine was done by the Royal Navy in very dangerous , but by far less spectacular , circumstances than the one depicted in the film -RRB- but that the whole atmosphere of the film is wrong.Pure common sense is affronted in many scenes as are historical facts -LRB- a few men man a submarine in an altogether impossible attack?a german destroyer and figther plane in the North Atlantic in 1942 ? Give me a break ! -RRB- This film is a simple action movie in the way a 007 James Bond film is.If Hollywood wanted to make a film about the U.S submarine force in WWII it could have chosen many good stories from the Pacific theatre , like the one about the USS Wahoo.As it is this film is a travesty of a war movie.Want to see a good WWII submarine movie?Get Wolfgang Petersen 's DAS BOOT .
 Ponder this question
 Shocking . Taking what the Germans went through and twisting it to suit the Americans . I was disgusted . If you know what 's good for you , see Das Boot instead and see some REAL heroes .
 One of the worst submarine/war movies I have ever seen . Historical inaccuracy combined with overacting , bombastic film score and sound effects , and pathetic pandering to submarine cliches .
 Why must Hollywood continue to produce films like this that are complete nonsense , with absolutely no bearing on the facts of what happened regarding the cracking of the Enigma codes?I am sorry Mr. Loesch , but you are sadly misinformed if you believe the US had ANY impact on the breaking of these codes . Alan Turing and several Polish mathematicians , using Enigma machines captured BY THE BRITISH , solved the first set of codes in 1943 , IIRC . Germany changed the codes again , which left the Allies in a virtual blackout for almost a year.If I was from the UK , I would boycott this film . From the european perspective , it must be very frustrating to see American portray themselves as the saviors of Europe in WW2 , which is simply not what happened . The fact is , is that 9 out of 10 Germans soldiors killed were done so by the Russians . These facts are very well documented and known by those who have an understanding of WW2 events.This film is entertaining , a mere cotton candy flick , with a pat ending . I just wrote a review of the movie `` The Hurricane , '' defending it from the very type of attack I am making here , but unlike that superrb film , this one is a complete fraud , and does not merely suffer some minor inaccuracies .
 If I could award this film no stars I would . There is nothing positive to say about it.As a historian , I bought this film well aware that its interpretation was jingoistic Hollywood tripe -LRB- no surprises there , then -RRB- but I enjoy both sub movies and blockbuster action films , and the cast looked suitably impressive , so I chanced my luck . However , the staggering tragedy of this film is its unforgivable failure to involve , despite the dramatic gift of being set in a sub , a surefire claustrophia-filled setting . Instead , it becomes a comedy for all the wrong reasons . The acting is universally dire , including Harvey Keitel 's worst ever performance , the script is nonsense , the history is bunk , and the director should be ... Sorry , but words defy me . Even the audio fails to live up to DVD expectations . The much-quoted Das Boot , originally released for TV in 1982 , is now on DVD with far superior surround sound effects . Those who enjoyed this should really question their standards . I feel scarred . Absolutely dreadful.This movie deserves a nuclear depth charge .
 Firstly , I should like to pay tribute to the crew of HMS Bulldog , the British Navy vessel who actually did perform the heroic deeds portrayed in this insulting film . When Enigma really was captured , America had n't even been forced into the war yet . Britain and her allies , on the other hand , had been fighting since the summer of 1939 . I find it worrying when history is revised in this way . It happened with Pearl Harbour , Saving Private Ryan and The Patriot too . When and where does Hollywood/America stop ? Your own history is sufficiently full of stirring deeds to make this theft of heroism unnecessary . In answer to those who have stated that us ` Limeys ' need to lighten-up and the film is purely entertainment , I feel I have to disagree . It 's naive to adopt this POV when one realises the well-documented effect of Cinema on society . Great Britain and a few staunch allies stood alone for almost 3 years before the Japanese attack on Pearl forced the US into the war . We too , fought on more than one front . North Africa and the Far East , for the benefit of the earlier critic who mentioned that the US Navy was fighting in two oceans as opposed to only one . As for the tiny sop at the end of the credits , well I ask you , who reads the credits ? The damage has already been done . So , what comes next , one wonders ? America triumphs at El Alamein ? The USAF wins the Battle Of Britain ? Oh , sorry , I forgot ... Just read that 's already happening , in a new film starring Tom Cruise !
 In all probability one should not complain to much about films which are not very realistic . The idea of a film is someting which is meant to entertain regardless of whether it says much about life or in fact anything.During the Second World War the Germans used a machine to generate their codes . The machine was called Enigma . The British had purchased a copy of one of these machines from some Polish agents early in the war . The film is based on an incident in which a British trawler forced a German U Boat to surrender . They were able to capture the German book of settings for the machine and also some of the rotor wheels.This break through was of importance as it enabled the British to dimply direct convoys around the German boats . -LRB- The German boats gave position reports to their high command on a regular basis -RRB- It significantly cut down the losses of merchant boats for a while.British viewers are no doubt annoyed that this exploit of a trawler captain has become a special covert operation run by the Americans . Other viewers will be annoyed by the complete failure to look at anything to do with how U Boats actually operated at the time . In recent years submarines have had torpedoes which have homing devices and as a result torpedoes can be fired at submerged submarines . In the Second World War this simply was not possible . To have combat occur in a way which was impossible grates.If one can however free oneself from reality the film is a reasonably well paced piece of hokum and is easy to watch .
 It was a British submarine that captured the first enigmas and the Americans captured one at the end of the war . This film portrays the Ameericans to have won the battle for the Eastern Seaboard . Those British sailors would turn in their graves!Watch at the end , the first few enigmas were captured by her majesty 's ships . A true disgrace of a film !
 How many times does Hollywood have to portray America as the world 's saviours . Get real America , & stop trying to rewrite history . I 'm used to Britain constantly being depicted as the bad guys in Hollywood but this insult to British efforts in WW2 plays an astonishing naivety even by Hollywood standards . U-571 is badly let down by some very poor acting & atrocious dialogue , particularly from Bill Paxton & Harvey Keitel . Especially laughable was that at one point Harvey Keitel refers to `` World War One '' . Typical Hollywood simplistic view of the world . Film is supposed to take place around 1942 . They never referred to WW1 as WW1 until well after both wars had finished . They called it the Great War until historians came up with the idea of conveniently labelling them WW1 and WW2 but that was much later . In short if you fancy a couple of hours tense action & do n't mind fiction being passed off as fact , then U-571 does the trick . But you may just end up feeling conned .
 I was wondering why I was the only person in the cinema when I saw this movie . By the end of the 2 hours , I realized why no-one else had come to see it . It is simply because it is dumb . Flat-out dumb . The script is weak and needed improving , the acting is terrible and disappointing because it had such a good cast , and the director ... well , lets not go there . On the other hand , U-571 had awesome sound , great special effects and good editing , but I suppose those are n't really the important things , are they ? I do not recommend this movie at all .
 It is refeshing to know that some of the American reviewers of this film recognise the absolute fabrication this movie makes of the Enigma capture . WWII British intelligence repeatedly advised the US Navy of the existence of a Nazi ` Enigma ' machine which was coordinating U-boat attacks on US vessels but the information was ignored - much to the United States peril - they went on to lose multitudes of ships and human lives all along the eastern US seaboard.It was not until an British vessel ` accidentally ' found the machine on a captured U-boat that the actual device could be fully studied and was enough evidence for the US to finally take appropriate action.Would it have been such a commercial trade off to have told the truth if this story was supposedly based on fact?Mel Gibson must have practised on this one before he created ` Patriot Fiction ' later in the year !!!
 Wait one minute here!The enigma code was cracked by Polish mathematicians , not the British and certainly not the US.I have had it up to here with this being portrayed as an English or even American job . Let 's be perfectly clear about this . The Poles cracked the engima , it was Polish commandos who helped storm the U-boats as well , do n't see any of the British mentioning that , so as I see their no better than the Americans in this respect . The Poles work was one of the most important , if not the most important victories of the war and it deserves recognition , obviously it wo n't get any recognition from this film.As for the film itself , well it 's no Das Boot that 's for sure , on a purely entertainment level it 's not bad , but if you know you history you may be grinding your teeth through it . Worth seeing mainly for the subs .
 Simply unwatchable . I tried to watch it , over and over again . Hopeless acting , characters that no one could care about , hackneyed plot twists , uber-evil Germans , camera tracking that simply makes you lose track of what is happening . There are lots of good WW2 submarine movies out there - this is NOT one of them.Frankly , our British cousins should pleased , grateful , and thankful that this piece of worthless fluff casts the Americans in the central roles . Me , I 'm embarrassed.This goes off to the charity bin .
 It is merely a propaganda film . History is so twisted that I want to vomit in disgust.If I ever bought this movie I would feel so bad that I would kill myself with a table saw .
 Definitely the worst war movie since `` Saving private ryan '' . Once again the Germans are one dimensional `` Bad guys '' and the Americans are unrealistic and cliched . Can not even begin to compare with `` Das Boot '' which is in a class all its own . Not surprising really considering Mostow sincerely believes that all Germans were rabid Nazis .
 Aside from the blatant -LRB- even worse than Braveheart , which is saying something -RRB- historical inaccuracies , this movie has other problems . How exactly did a single German destroyer manage to materialize in the middle of the Atlantic ocean ? Apart from the massive difficulties involved in getting past the Royal Navy , that type of ship would be cutting it very close to have enough fuel for the round-trip plus sub hunting . And German losses in destroyers were so heavy in 1940 that they needed every last one they had for duties closer to home . Having the `` milch cow '' u-boat arrive to pick up the crew was not an unreasonable idea , but everything after that is just silly . WW2 submarine captains only wished enemy destroyers disintegrated like that after a single torpedo hit . Do n't waste your time with this pulp fiction , go check out Das Boot or Run Silent , Run Deep instead .
 Historically laughable
 This movie attempts to present itself as an historically based submarine adventure . Unfortunately , it is grossly inaccurate historically , to the point of being insulting ; especially to the Brits . They seized an enigma device before we even entered the war . The submarine warfare is so over the top it 's absurd . If you want to see crazy stunts and over the top action I 'd recommend a good Bond film . If you want to see a great WW2 submarine flick , see Das Boot . Forget about this turkey .
 The acting in this movie was alright at best . The special effects , well , most of them anyway , were passable . During the sinking of the allied sub , you could tell the actors were in a tank on some studio lot . In fact , the tank did n't even look like it was deep enough . Some of the characters were literraly squatting on the bottom of the tank so it would look like they were drowning.The story alomost made sense . It was , in fact , the British who originally captured Enigma , not the Americans . And the Brits did n't get the machine off a captured sub , either.The part that really , really , bugged me about the movie was the ending . -LRB- I wo n't give it away , but for those of you who have seen this movie -RRB- it seemed rather lazy to me . I wanted the dierctor to spend a few extra bucks and expand on the ending.This movie is entertaining enough if you do n't have anything better to watch.For sub movies , however , I still prefer The Hunt For Red October and Crimson Tide .
 Hang on . The Americans had n't entered the war by the time the Enigma Machines were recovered . I 'm sure the British families of the Royal Navy sailors who did recover the machines might find this film a bit upsetting .
 This submarine film has numerous and realistic special effects and action sequences , but that 's the only good thing about this film . When compared to the film Das Boot , this one would never stand a chance . The characters are flat , the music is too bombastic , and the ending is a bit too sappy . I say watch it for the special effects and the action sequences . I also say watch Das Boot if you want what life is REALLY like in a submarine.Grade
 Now obviously since these are not remastered versions for sale , you can not expect spot-free , no-imperfection movie copies . But you should expect a decent copy for your money , right ? Otherwise , how can you enjoy watching this movie ? I opened both Osiris Entertainment & Moving Picture Archive copies of Amazon Instant Videos online in two side-by-side windows on my computer . The difference was astounding ! Osiris video stream was terrible , lousy , horrible , & that is being generous ! Picture was offset to right with slim vertical bar on left of screen , the sound was muffled & relatively low , & worst of all the picture looked like someone had smeared Vaseline jelly all over the camera lens ! The picture was blurry , low contrast , & obviously the result of many-generation copies ! By comparison , the Moving Picture Archive was a night-and-day difference from Osiris version , head-and-shoulders better ! Moving Picture Archive copy was sharp , high contrast , & full width with no black vertical bar on left side -LRB- not offset to right of screen -RRB- . Everything was clear in Moving Picture Archive version , not muddy & blurry like Osiris version ! Plus , the Moving Picture Archive copy had louder , normal , sound with more bass -LRB- & no tinny sound -RRB- compared to Osiris version . So spend your money on Moving Picture Archive & get high quality ; do n't waste your money on Osiris low-quality junk !
 I saw this film in the theater as a kid and never forgot it.As far as I 'm concerned it 's a classic and a must see for any sci-fi buff.It starts out a little slow in the beginning but once the `` Devil Girl '' makes the scene the movie really gets rolling.This movie in my opinion is grossly overlooked and should be ranked right up there with the original Godzilla and Forbidden Planet .
 I 've wanted to see this film because of the intriguing title and the poster art . It sounds like a film right down my alley . I finally had the chance today when I found it as an offering for Amazon Prime members . It was obviously going to be a low budget film , but I was n't expecting it to take place in Scotland or be made in England . I was expecting a ` Cat Women of the Moon ' type American B-film . The dreary atmosphere at first brought to mind ` The Man from Planet X ' , a film I thoroughly enjoy . Unfortunately this did not turn out to be as good a movie . The plot here involves a tall , stern , not unattractive woman in leather and a short skirt with a strange hat . She 's from Mars and comes to our world in search of male specimens for breeding stock . It seems war has decimated the males of her own world and women are the dominant sex . When I see films with similar plots I imagine legions of male volunteers fighting to go of their own free will ... instead they show men having to be dragged off like victims ; they are n't willing . The movie contained too much pointless dialog for its own good and the direction was poor . On the bright side the cast gave it their best shot with what they had to work with . As might be expected the best scenes were those with the Devil Girl and those with her B-movie budget giant robot . The robot was a like a poor man 's Gort . Her spaceship was also pretty neat and the ray gun effects were n't bad . I also thought the explosion near the end was an unusual effect . I 'll give this movie a 2 out of 5 for those reasons . BTW-if you have Prime and you watch it be careful . For some reason they offer two versions . One has much better image and sound quality than the other . You 'll need to try them both to see which .
 Just a simple pulp scifi from long ago . Did n't even finish watching it . I guess if you love old campy stuff you might like it ??
 Someone in my house hold watched this - no clue who or why will not happen again stupid silly sophomoric
 This is a great film , but this is the worst most pitiful grainy shaky out of focus DVD-R it 's really unwatchable , and mine arrived completely scratched up swell
 This one is England 's answer to Ed Wood , the worst director of the worst movies ever made . Mind you , the Devil Girl herself is the main draw here , looking like she has that costume poured onto her . But the plot?Well , let 's see ... Alien ship breaks down and lands in some utterly remote part of the British Isles . Evil Babe spends her time wandering back and forth between the broken ship , and the only pub in town , with its three inhabitants . Her fiendish plan ? To take virile men back to Mars for mating purposes , as their own race is , well , dried up.Ooookay ... and , who 's resisting this plan ? Rather than long lines of volunteers forming to the right , we have the buffoons from the pub daring to go up against Evil Babe 's giant robot , which looks like a mail box , and likes to sadistically fry the opposition , and finally manage to blow up the space-ship that looks rather like a tea kettle , in a blaze of sparklers or something , as it takes off . End of story.This is one of those flicks that 's So Bad It 's Good , especially if the weed supply holds out , and quite frankly , suggests a really cool adult film , to my twisted way of thinking . Any producers out there ? Honest , I can make a really bad movie ...
 This is n't really a review of the movie but rather a review of the video sent out . My copy was so bad -LRB- just simply too dark -RRB- I could not see any the player in the scene . I would guess it just over copied , as besides dark hard edges in the movie -LRB- like walls of a building -RRB- were wavy . I returned the DVD and got a full refund . I will continue looking for a better copy .
 This movie had an absolutely amazing effect ! I sat down , ready and alert , expecting to see another of the all time worst science fiction movies that require special talents -LRB- and perhaps the ability to see invisible things -RRB- to appreciate . Then after perhaps 10 minutes of watching pointless dialogue set in what appeared to be an abandoned stage set from Abie 's Wild Irish Rose , I fell soundly asleep . When I next awoke , there was the devil girl and her large aluminum foil robot . Then a brief nap later , her ship was destroyed as the earthlings `` fooled her again . '' What a refreshing movie ! Get this now if you have trouble falling asleep . It will do wonders for you .
 Stupid movie with very bad acting . Did n't even watch it all the way through . Do n't waste your time - it 's bad !
 I really , really tried to like this movie . I also tried hard to stick it out till the end . Do n't think I even made it halfway through . It has potential but I do n't know - tires too hard perhaps ... I get the point but it just did n't play out well . Disappointing .
 This movie just tries too hard . I did n't enjoy it all and I kept watching thinking that it was going to get better , but it did n't . The only really enjoyable character was Sophie ... and she really is n't in the movie enough to save it .
 Somewhere along the road , director Fernando Eimbcke has missed the boat with this film . Although the concept of escape as a theme , it does n't come across to the audience . According to Eimbcke , this story has autobiographical elements . And aside from that , the film style he employs is not only highly unusual , but annoying.A brief summary
 I really like slow moving character studies . I find them fascinating in the way that they can expose so much about everyday life , and the way that some films will tackle life 's tragedies with subtle naturalism is a godsend in cinema , which can be overly concerned with hysterics and theatrics that it forgets that simplicity can truly bring out the best in a subject.And then there is such a thing as so slow it is sleep inducing and thus void of all ` emotional content ' . ` Lake Tahoe ' is one of those films . It just does n't ever truly connect because it barely goes anywhere . It panders on sequences that do n't really move the film forward , and the character development it tries to establish gets lost in the directors poor ability to construct a scene . The story is borderline preposterous , especially the subplots , and the ` odd characters ' he meets are n't really odd enough to make this interesting in a ` bizarre ' sort of way . Instead , the film coasts along in a way that bores . The blackouts that bookend certain scenes are highly unnecessary and become irritating after the film is introduced -LRB- I thought , at the outset , that it was a mere introductory gimmick , but they just kept coming in the most grotesque of ways -RRB- . And then you have the acting , which is n't anything to write home about . It comes off amateur , but then again so does the rest of the film.When the film ties itself together in the end , it 's a tad disappointing . This is n't because the film 's merits can not be found in the revelation revealed , but it 's disappointing because the core of the film 's unraveling is actually so soft and sincere that it made the painful buildup all the more aggravating . With a script -LRB- or should I say ` concept ' -RRB- so strong , I 'm deeply saddened that the direction was n't up to par .
 As a high school Model U.N. instructor I thought this would be a great way to introduce MUN to new students . In fact , the product description says the same thing . And I quote
 this was purchases as a gift for a friend who lives out of town . He told me that the DVD does not work and can not watch the movie . Since he does not live near me , I still have n't been able to get the movie from him to return it . The movie was shipped quickly but it is unwatchable .
 The acting in this movie appears forced and is not very good . -- It is not a good western . Looks like one that was made to fufill an obligation on an contract or something . Dean is at his lowest in this one . Western fans -- Avoid this one !!!!!!
 I tried to stay with it , but ultimately -- I drifted . Another Asian movie about homosexuality without any homosexual sexuality .
 as a fan of the original , i could n't wait to see this movie but they just did n't go far enough in anything . it really was like they were just afraid to go for it . i think the major fault lies within the script , characters making stupid decisions and subplots going nowhere .
 The film starts with a bang , as unknown perpetrators invade a hospital and steal a new born baby from the nursery . From there , the movie fast forwards a couple of decades to the home of a young couple in the midst of throwing a shindig . The party proves to be a success . That is , until three young men on the lamb , due to a foiled bank heist , head there because it used to be their home . The men enter the home and chaos ensues . To make matters worse , one of the brothers is severely wounded . Apparently their Momma lost the house and they had no way of contacting her because her son lost his phone . Yep ... you read it correctly . The boys had been sending her cash for a very long time and she was n't there to collect it -LRB- they could n't write her a letter that they had lost said phone -RRB- . So now , they want to know where the money went . This family is very good at losing things
 This movie was a serious disappoint . I guess I had my expectations set too high thinking Rebecca D. would be good like she was in `` The Hand That Rocks The Cradle '' . She was just as creepy if not more . However , it was a brutal movie to get through with the senseless killings , blood and gore . To me , it was cheap and downright disturbing .
 To me it resembles through mama from train?Dont know if it was Rebecca Demonsry hair do or the plot ? Love Rebecca in what ever she does shes a great actress.Just seems the plot could of been a little deeper , more twists and turns and more to the imagination .
 I agree with the the reviewer that gave this movie one star . I should have looked at that review before my purchase . I gave the movie two stars , the extra star was just for the the actors . The actors were good and deserved a much better script . This script made NO SENSE , not one . Its almost like they gave up and left sooooo many holes in the script , the ending was UNBELIEVABLE even for a movie
 The movie was a good movie but it cut off about an half hour before the movie was over . I spent another half an hour trying to figure out what was wrong . Finally after calling around I called amazon and they told me that vizio tv 's sometimes loose the signal like I have a crappy tv . I have a 65 '' 3D LCD led HDTV that I spent 3 thousand for . After talking with amazon for 20 minutes I had to unplug the tv , loose some of my settings and loose interest in the movie cause it was off so long . So after about 50 minutes the movie was back on and I asked if I can get a credit and his response was did n't the movie come back on . I said for my inconvenience ! So in the end he gave me a 2 dollar credit , not even the cost of the rental . I WILL NEVER RENT A MOVIE FROM AMAZON AGAIN ! I have never had a problem renting from VUDU ...
 This is a home invasion movie with extremely bad acting , poor plot development , too long , amateurish . I stopped watching after 45 minutes . Skip it . If you must watch a home invasion horror flick watch something like the 1997 version of `` Funny Games '' , 2008 film `` Inside '' or `` The Perfect Host '' .
 Not worth even .99 rental - skip it - atrocious movie . I read all of the wonderful reviews and rented this movie and I want to save everyone time and money and tell them to SKIP this movie and save their money . The plot is horrible -LRB- not sure if there even IS one -RRB- and the end is not fulfilling nor does it make any sense . Every once in a while I feel the pressing need to add my opinion and this time is one of them . Rebecca De Mornay should have waited for a much better vehicle to try to make her entrance back into film . Oh , and one more thing ? She looks just like Hillary Clinton and that creates an odd impression also of our secretary of state slashing and killing all the way through a movie . -LRB- Maybe that is an omen about the next presidential election ? -RRB- Last thing ? Brett Ratner , if this is the best you could do then no wonder you were fired from presenting the Oscars sorry to say . Do some quality work again , please ?
 We are expected to believe that the two 18-year-old hotties who lead this film live willingly in this fantasy trailer park somewhere in New Mexico , often lolling in a hot tub where they hold deep conversations . No one appears ever to do anything to earn any money except one works as a cashier in a convenience store where everyone buys things often . There 's a silly teenage love story here , replete with a long-term fatal illness involved . If there ever was a place like Dreamland , I 'd want to live there and never leave , too . Of course , one of the teenage goddesses is portrayed as a literary genius while her alcoholic love-sick dad ca n't manage to leave the couch as he moons over his dead wife . I enjoyed the soundtrack , which has a nice tune by Mazzy Star . You do n't hear that very often in the movies .
 This movie was nothing short of stupid . Houston Rhines , though very attractive , was flat and dull in his role . Overall , I thought this was a waste of time and money .
 This is a slow , boring gay movie with no bite , no excitement and bad acting . Morgan Fairchild is in it for maybe 4 minutes . Boring , slow , nothing exciting . Waste of my time and money . It felt like the actors hated to be in it , and you ca n't blame them .
 This is a boring , shallow , tiresome , `` Look how cute I am ! '' movie about boring , shallow , tiresome , `` Look how cute I am ! '' West Hollywood types.Someday somebody is going to make a movie about real gay people . Real gay people are not obsessed with their gym bodies and other guys ' gym bodies . Real gay people do n't look like fashion models . Real gay people get older than 23 , eventually . Real gay people do not have blinding white teeth . Real gay people do not have perfect tans 365 days of the year , or even ONE day of the year . Real gay people have no idea what an `` app '' is , do n't care what an `` app '' is , and got tired of the word the third time they heard it.Whoever made this tiresome movie , and whomever they made it for - those are people I hope I never have to meet .
 What a horrible little film . Perhaps ` horrible ' is a little harsh -LRB- but only a little -RRB- , but it is in response to the overwhelming positive reviews . If you look at other websites , this film is general DISliked . Also notice that the single largest place of origin of these positive reviewers in Los Angeles . Also notice how one reviewer encourages you to `` check out this director 's other works '' . I 'm all for dissenting reviews , but this is just fishy.Either way , this film does not work . We are supposed to feel bad for Gabriel when his boyfriend , Marshall , has reservations about their 7-year relationship . Who would n't have reservations ? Gabriel is whiny , rude , and sardonic . He does n't put-out despite the main characters repeated attempts at intimacy . On a more superficial note , Gabriel is n't particularly attractive , either . Furthermore , Gabriel leaves their home when Marshall 's feelings are revealed.The film ends with the main character admitting that he is selfish , emotionally unavailable , etc. . That may have been the screenplay 's intent , but the film did n't show that at all . It shows the opposite . As previously stated the main character is much more amicable and mature than his boyfriend which directly contradicts the plot.The only things going for the film is that some of the characters are well played and attractive , and the premise is good.If you are looking for a new gay-themed film , go watch `` You Should Meet My Son ! '' or `` Is It Just Me '' -LRB- though not quite as new -RRB- .
 I wish I could give it zero stars - this was terrible . Turned it off after 20 minutes . Terrible acting , story and dialog . I was hoping for a Big Eden or All over the Guy but got a soft porn with no nudity .
 A shirtless Houston Rhines FROM A DISTANCE ?!?? What a waste ! For that miscalculation alone , the movie gets 2 stars . The producers CLEARLY do n't know their audience or otherwise hot , hot , hot Houston Rhines would have shown some skin UP CLOSE AND PERSONAL . Though , MUCH to my disappointment , Houston appears to be tattooed ... a TOTAL cliched , TURN-OFF these days !! Loved watching Houston though and hope to see him in other films . I found lots of implausibilities in this movie that other reviewers here just skate right on past . The Cupid software seemed too all-knowing , which made no sense WHATSOEVER and how likely is it that Marshall just happens to click on , and with the camera perfectly aimed , to see Grant packing up his things . And how in the world would the application know Grant 's destination ? The inclusion of Morgan Fairchild 's character made even less sense . -LRB- Though it 's wonderful to see Morgan Fairchild looking as radiant as always . -RRB- And would Marshall REALLY have purchased Gabe 's diner when he would n't have known whether Gabe would even take him back ? And if Marshall got fired , how could he afford the financing ? After all , he was only 30 & was just starting out on his own ! This movie is just a well-intentioned mess . It 's only redeeming quality is the ability to leave one feeling spell-bound by the physical attractiveness of its leading man , Houston Rhines .
 Predictable . Unfortunately the movie felt like an after school special . The acting is really good , I just wish the storyline was better ...
 why do nearly all gay themed movies have to be so bad ? i was particularly excited about this one . a contemporary gay romance that deals with technology and social networking , sounds promising . unfortunately the acting is a joke and the script is boring . the dialogue falls flat in every scene and it somehow manages to be predictable and unbelievable at the same time . the character development is non-existent . you never really get to know who these people are and what motivates them beyond the surface level . there is no depth to the plot and a photo-montage is not enough back-story to adequately convey the connection the two main characters are supposed to have with each other , but never really comes across . this film is a waste of time and money . just do n't even bother .
 Was n't expecting much going in and certainly did n't get the ` wow ' factor , but concept was kind of cute . Acting and script need work , but that 's what comes along with indie romantic comedies .
 This movie was boring , but it was n't terrible . I definitely would not watch it again , nor would I recommend it .
 Slow predictable script , full of cliches . No character development anywhere that I noticed . The one saving grace to this film is morgan fairchild , still beautiful for her age but not a large enough role to save the film . Not worth renting .
 This show has run it 's course a long time ago . I know some people still like but I think Nick must be hard up for programing to show this . Would rather watch reruns of Victorious or Icarly
 Watching this movie it occurred to me that there is a gaping hole in our legal system . The fact that it is not a crime to steal money from people by capitalizing on the success of a classic movie by making a sequel that is nothing more than an unfunny regurgitation of the original . For a list of the people who should be ashamed of themselves for being involved in this movie , just watch the credits . I can only make two exceptions . It is impossible for me to be disappointed in Jackie Mason . He was blackballed from Hollywood for so long after the Ed Sullivan incident , that I do n't begrudge him a payday . A question for the rest of the actors
 This film deserves no rating . It is quite possibly the worst sequel of all time . It was an insult to Bill Murray to have Dan Akroyd carry on his character.This movie sucked and sucked bad . Bad acting , bad plot , and not even close to being funny . They should find every copy of this movie ever made and build a massive bonfire with them .
 Seriously , I had n't seen this movie for quite some time until a month ago . I bought it , thinking that it would be as funny as I remembered it 10 years ago . I was wrong . Everything falls short in this movie , except for Randy Quaid , who 's a scene stealer . I 'd only recommend this one for those people who collect movies and want to finish off their Caddyshack collection .
 This sequel to the funny and popular `` Caddyshack '' is by no means an example of filmmaking quality . Jackie Mason shows he is a mediocre actor and should stay on stage with his one-liners . This film is supposed to be a comedy , but it is n't ; it 's a dull , sophomoric tale of a construction firm owner taking over Bushwood Country Club and turning it into a miniature theme park . This film does the first Caddyshack absolutely no justice .
 Why would the exploding golf ball blow up when it apparently hits the melon and when it is struck by a putter , but not when it is hit by a titanium driver ? Why would a gopher want to have sex with a poodle ? You 'll be asking yourself questions like these and will curse losing 99 minutes you can never get back if you watch this total waste of a movie . Worst ... Movie ... Ever .
 Avoid this movie like the plague . I ca n't think of one funny gag throughout the whole movie , and you ca n't help but feel sorry for Jackie Mason who is so much better than the script.It must have been desperate times for Chevy Chase and Dan Akyroyd to even consider appearing in this abomination of a movie.Simply a disgrace to the original .
 Is this a decent movie that gets unfairly judged due to the popularity of the original ? Not at all . If it were not a sequel , it would simply have faded away as an awful 80s slapstick comedy with a few easily amused fans . But since it is a sequel to the well-liked `` Caddyshack '' , it goes down in history as one of the biggest let-downs Hollywood has ever turned out . Honestly , it plays like a childrens movie with a few adult jokes and some bad language -LRB- and of course a subplot involving a planned murder -RRB- - the story is cliche and predictable , the jokes are embarrassing and badly timed , there are cartoonish SOUND EFFECTS sprinkled throughout , and the final frames involve a gopher puppet hitting on a poodle . And of course you have Jackie Mason doing a Rodney Dangerfield impression through the whole thing and Dan Ackaroyd talking like his lungs are closing up -LRB- which is supposed to be funny ? -RRB- . Honestly , it 's one of those movies where you ca n't believe most of this stuff got past scriptwriters , actors , crew members , editors , and studio executives without anyone being too repulsed to let it continue . Actually , Bill Murray , Rodney Dangerfield and Sam Kinnison passed on it because it seemed horrible to them - unfortunately the film studio did n't . A horrible sequel and awful movie in general - only for people who will laugh at anything labeled ` comedy ' .
 What a horrible movie . Not even funny . You can tell Chevy Chase is embarrassed to even be in this suck-fest . They had to re-work the script and hire Jackie Mason at the last minute because Rodney Dangerfield backed out of the sequel ... and it shows . Nice -LRB- horrible -RRB- rip-off of Bill Murray from the ever-so-lame Dan Ackroyd.PGA caddies were asked what the best movie about golf ever was ... their answer , `` Caddyshack '' . When asked what the worst movie about golf was ... they said unanimously , `` Caddyshack 2 '' . Do n't even think of wasting this hour-and-a-half , when you could be doing something productive . Like PLAYING golf .
 I thankfully did not waste my money on this awful sequel -LRB- possibly the worst sequel to a good movie -RRB- . I saw it on Comedy Central . I mourn every day for those of you who either bought , rented , or traded something else in for this waste of resources . Nothing beats Caddyshack 1 , but they could have at least made a decent attempt to in Caddyshack 2 .
 I ca n't blame Mrs. Mikels . She did n't know.She did n't know what I knew , did n't hear what I heard
 My mama always said , `` If you ca n't say anything good , say nothing . `` Nothing .
 This movie is horrible compared to the original `` Caddyshack . '' However , I do like to have complete collections of movie series . The original `` Caddyshack '' is available on widescreen Bluray . Why is Caddyshack II '' NOT available on widescreen Bluray ? I see no point in having `` Caddyshack '' on Bluray if `` Caddyshack II '' is not available on widescreeen Bluray . Dan Aykroyd , -LRB- proper spelling of his last name -RRB- who I normally like is TERRIBLE in this film . His dismal acting and that annoying nasal voice is just awful . It 's like fingernails on a blackboard . I do n't care for Jackie Mason either . He seems to play the same part -LRB- a stereotypical New York City Jew -RRB- no matter what he is in . His character 's last name -LRB- Hartounian -RRB- is , in fact , the same last name his character had in `` The Jerk ! '' Now THAT 'S original ! The saving graces of this movie are Dyan Cannon , Robert Stack , Randy Quaid and Jessica Lundy . Jessica is very pretty and very sweet . Her character is someone I would love to know !
 Caddyshack will probably forever be one of the greatest golf comedies of all time . Caddyshack II will be known as the WORST golf movie of all time .
 what can you say about a movie that is so bad rodney Dangerfield would have no part of it.well chevy chase was great as ty webb but thats about it if you really need to see this movie see it for chevy chase I guess he did the film makers a favor by being in this stink bomb thats why i gave it 2 stars for ty webb . .
 So , just see this one for Chevy Chase back as Ty Webb and that gopher . It was also co-wrote by Harold Ramis -LRB- He directed and co-wrote the first one -RRB- .
 I have read for years that Caddyshack was one of the funniest movies ever . It 's not . Not even one of the best of the 80s , and probably not the funniest movie that was released on July 25th , 1980 , though I ca n't say for sure as I do n't know what else came out that day.But unfortunately I was n't aware of that when I purchased a package on e-bay of both the first and second films . There are enough lovers of the original that a two-star review there would hardly matter . But somehow there are people without communicating brain cells reviewing this travesty . They must be stopped . Or at least outvoted . Words truly fail me . This film is so bad , so stupid , trite , cliched , empty , boring , insulting , and annoying that everyone who had anything to do with it , including the guys who made sandwiches , should be forced to watch it daily for the rest of their lives . And Dan Aykroyd , twice a day for you.If this were the pilot of a TV show , there would never have been a second episode . Heck , the stations might have yanked it before it finished , as switchboards across the country would have been jammed by wildly irritated viewers . An astonishingly , unbelievably unfunny film , it gives new meaning to cheesy .
 Caddyshack 2 is such a bad movie . The funny little gopher was funny to watch but everything else was horrible . This movie is full of senior actors and this has to be all of their worst work . Robert Stack is somewhat funny but not near of what he was like in Airplane . The worst has to be Dan Aykroyd he is an absolute terrible addition to the movie . He is a pretty good actor but I could not believe he acted this way in this movie . His role is so annoying and he sounds terrible and unfunny . This movie is an embarrasing mess to watch . Brace yourself for Dan Aykroyd though he is at his worst at a time where he was at the heat of his acting career .
 I remember the first time I saw this uneven and mostly unfunny sequel to the classic original . I felt violated and wanted redemption for the injustice that was bestrode upon me ! I must admit that I have mellowed over the years on this movie and I feel it does have a few moments . Randy Quaid is by far the best thing in this movie and his negotiation scene about the -LRB- The Peter Blunt System -RRB- zoning laws is hysterical . Jackie Mason is no Dangerfield , but he does have a few moments . This is not essential viewing by any means , but if you have seen the original as many times as I have , you may be able to find some redeeming moments in this luke warm sequel .
 This Movie is terrible . The first one was so funny it did n't need a plot . The actors were what made it a classic . The script was great , too . This is terrible . This is an insult to the Care Bears movie . What a dissapointment . This really is n't a sequel , just a bad movie that only Disney Channel would want . The DVD is in full screen with no special features -LRB- Not that you 'd care , anyway -RRB- . This is a waste of money . You be your own judge .
 This is simply the worst film in the history of mankind ...
 It 's quite possible that not reprising his role as Al Czervik was the most intelligent decision Rodney Dangerfield ever made -LRB- aside from marrying a hot chick 40 years his junior -RRB- . This movie is to `` funny '' what hammered rhino-dung is to haute cuisine . I 'm certain that , when actors , directors , and golfers go to hell , they are condemned to an eternity of watching Caddyshack 2 -LRB- while being fed hammered rhino-dung -RRB- .
 I ca n't believe I actually paid to see this in a theater back in the day . It is not only the WORST sequel ever made , it ranks in the top 10 worst movies I have ever seen -LRB- and I saw The Box -RRB- .
 This movie could have been a hit if the movie studio listened to Dangerfield . I saw Rodney Dangerfield do a interview and he talked alot about Caddyshack 2 . They were planning on using sam kinison in a heel role like back to school . The script was so bad not even michael o'keefe or other people in part one would do it . Dangerfield and Kinison wrote parts to replace the studios , and were told basically to go fly a kite . Dangerfield said this could have been as good like part 1 , but the studio would not back down . I received this as a gift and it royally ...
 but still pretty bad . As others have pointed out , Jackie Mason is the only reason to see this movie . The rest of the movie falls flat . Still worth sitting through once , just to enjoy Mason . His years of being blacklisted really deprived us.The other comment I wanted to make is that most people miss out on a great joke -- Jackie Mason 's character in Caddyshack II is the same character he plays in The Jerk .
 ... Chevy Chase is the ONLY person from the original CADDYSHACK to come back . If you told him that NOTHING BUT TROUBLE 2 was to begin shooting tomorrow , he 'd be setting his alarm and warming up his mugging in the mirror before hitting the sack.The script for CADDYSHACK 2 was so horrible that Rodney Dangerfield refused to do it . I remember reading at the time that the studio was finally exercizing a clause in Rodney 's original contract that stipulated that he appear in the sequel since the first film made a lot of money and , rather than appear in this wretched sequel , he opted to fight it out in court . -LRB- Even the original cast of ROMANCING THE STONE collectively could n't fight their way out of their stinking follow-up , THE JEWEL OF THE NILE -- and even danced in the music video ! -RRB- . But Rodney prevailed . Take away Rodney , Bill Murray -LRB- who sounds like he literally improvised his entire role the first time around -RRB- , and the late Ted Knight , and all you 've got is the gopher . The gopher , a good Kenny Loggins song -LRB- wasted -RRB- , and a lot of mindless schtick that would n't have made it through the first writers ' meeting for `` The Carol Burnett Show . `` Robert Stack has too much class and testosterone to be a stuffy snob . Dan Aykroyd humiliates himself and gives Chevy Chase a run for the I 'll - Do-Anything-For-A-Buck award . And Jackie Mason ... has this guy ever been funny ? I laughed at his Ed Sullivan impersonation in 1975 or so ... but what 's he done?CADDYSHACK played like a haphazard but hilarious comedy by young upstarts storming Hollywood.CADDYSHACK 2 plays like grandma and grandpa would like to take a whack at this funny flickers business as well.Ugh .
 This is a profoundly unfunny movie , and it is particularly offensive because it sullies the name of one of the greatest movies of all time , the original Caddyshack . The Dan Ackroyd character is an especially bad imitation of the classic Bill Murray character , Carl Spackler . Even the mechanical gopher , who was so endearing in the original , is ruined in this miserable sequel . It is too bad that anyone having something to do with the original movie lent his or her name or talent to this dreck . This one belongs on the short list of the worst movies ever made .
 This movie was put out to capitalize on the cult classic success of the original . Yet it lacks every element that made the first movie funny . Save your money this is hall of fame ... lame !
 Caddyshack II is one of those sequals that would have been an ok movie had it been made under a seperate title . although after watching it through the years , i find it 's nt as bad as reviewed , still can not hold a candle to the original . Here 's some brief history on this film . Originally it was to have starred Rodney Dangerfield , Sam Kininson , Chevy Chase , Bill Murray . after dangerfield read the script he and Kinison offered to do some rewrites and were refused . Thus leaving the production altogether . Murray for whatever hos reasons were chose not to appear in the film at all , Chase became the only returning cast member of the original -LRB- albiet only in a cameo role -RRB- but he does remind one of how good the original was . So the producers chose the following replacements ; Jackie Mason 9 The Rodney Dangerfield Role -RRB- self made millionaire Rich Slob , Randy Quaid -LRB- The role of mason 's lawyer originally inteneded for Sam Kinison -RRB- and Dan Ackroyed -LRB- The Bill Murray role -RRB- all three do actually play differant characters than of those in the original , and i have to admit that Mason and Quaid are both quiet likable and good in their roles . The plot is the same as before with a rich snob trying to join Bushwwod CC . Robert Stack is the villian of the piece -LRB- Ted Knight in the original -RRB- Mr Knight has passed away prior to production . all in all not the worst sequal ever made , and Chases ' brief apperances do liven things up a bit when he 's on screen -LRB- but not much -RRB- but it certainly is n't the best . you be your own judge .
 Bill Murray and Rodney Dangerfield were smart to stayaway from this flick and Ted Knight smartest of all!Judge Smails croaked before it even began filming.Cheap Trick fans may want to get the Beattles coversong from it .
 This movie is unworthy of the Caddyshack name . Jackie Mason does a great job at portraying himself , which is a bad thing.The younger people in the movie are nowhere near as interesting characters as in the first movie . Jonathan Silverman , Brian McNamara , and the rest of the `` kids '' in this movie exhibit poor acting.Characters are n't well-defined and simply are n't funny . The carnival atmosphere went way over the top.Buy the first one and avoid this one .
 True , we are all trying to see if it measures up to the greatness of the original . However , without the original and just looking at it as a comedy movie IT SUCKS !! Jackie Mason 's jokes are forced , Chevy Chase stopped being funny a long time ago and Dan Akroyd has more class .
 I absolutely loved the original `` Caddyshack '' from beginning to end . If I had to choose the top 10 comedy motion pictures of all time , it would definitely be on my list ... and then there 's `` Caddyshack 2 '' . This sequel picture brings none of the characters from the original `` Caddyshack '' back except for the gopher-and even he has gotten a little full of himself . The acting is terrible all the way around . Jackie Mason is not funny -LRB- and in my opinion , never was -RRB- , Robert Stack eschewed whatever dignity he had left when he agreed to take the part of a snobbish country-clubber , and one gets the impression that Dyan Cannon is only there for window dressing-or to make a few bucks . Dan Ackroyd was somewhat funny , but that does n't redeem this worthless , bloated carcass of a movie in any respect.I 'd give that fetid piece of dung of a motion picture zero stars if I could . Since I ca n't , the only thing I can say to prospective viewers is to avoid this one at all costs !
 Bad Sequel ! They tried too hard ! The writers overdid it with their attack on the snooty rich . Dan Arkroyd 's character could have been better .
 I am a big dumbie . I am a movie fan . I order movies like crazy from Amazon . Even if I do n't care for the movie . I still want to add it to my movie collection . I ordered the first Caddyshack even though I did n't like the movie when I saw it on tv or on my mom 's VHS . Since I have the first movie I went ahead and ordered Caddyshack 2 . Even though I never seen it or do n't care for the first movie . I just finished watching it and my feelings did n't change about Caddyshack movies . It 's not for me . But they got money out of me any ways . Because I 'm a big dumbie .
 Not only did this film truly have a stupid plot and low grade ` actors ' . It continued to assault the viewer with its derogatory view of women . I do n't mind watching mindless B movies but I want my money back on this one . It was insulting . I hope the cameraman got his rocks off on all the ass shots .
 VERY MINOR SPOILERS : Jersey jokes abound . Everything from `` Real Housewife 's '' cracks to too much make-up and hair spray ! All that is OK and even moderately funny , though the supposed Jersey accent is so over the top that it is annoying , not to mention closer to a Staten Island accent . Janet Ruth Montgomery who plays Martina Garretti , is actually a Brit -LRB- you may remember her as Eric Murphy 's Assistant in `` Entourage '' -RRB- . While the show is un-offensive and mildly interesting , the reason I decided to DVR the 2nd episode is because of Janet Montgomery in a short skirt with heels and legs that go on ... . Seriously , there is room for some improvement , though if I had decided to budget 44-minutes a week to a soft legal drama with a smoking hot raven haired lead , I would go with Sarah Shahi in `` Fairly Legal ''
 I do n't see any good reason for all these positive feedback ... Am I missing something ? Average actors , below average screenplay and below average directing .
 I did n't realize that limited edition meant they were pulling this out of the vault !! The video appears to have been produced prior to the advanced technology in graphics and animation that we have today . Actually , I would say it is not animated at all , just still pictures and props with voiceover . Very disappointed .
 I have a broken heart today after watching the last -LRB- 4th series `` wedding '' -RRB- episode of Doc Martin . The creators of the series had done a good enough job that I really cared about the characters . I had so hoped for redemption , healing , and happiness for Martin and his neighbors.But the gods of Doc Martin turn out to be cruel . They left us the audience waiting at the church with the rest of the village , and we can wait forever , because there is n't going to be any happiness for Doc and Louisa . -LRB- I peeked . There 's a further series that cements Doc 's existential loneliness , but I wo n't be watching it -RRB- . Cruelty
 Okay , it 's not high art but this film has something to say all be it in a round about fashion . It does make the viewer wonder about modern medicine and how it can possibly affect those who take it on a regular basis . On the other hand , the film lacks true suspense . I was hoping for an explosive opening scene when the baby is first born and instead was offered a yawn . The baby itself is about as scary as fozzy bear and while there is some blood flow it is kept to a minimum . The pacing is too slow at times and it just does n't stand up that well today . The actors who took part in this did n't go anywhere say for the father who went on to appear in the sequel . Why there was a sequel is beyond me . I recall how frightening the commercial was for this film when it first came out but I was only five at the time . At the most this is a rent not a buy . I guess good for it 's time but perhaps a re-make would pump some needed life into the story .
 this thing just dragged on and on.i have never been so happy to see the end credits in a movie for a while.but it is n't just the boredom of the movie that bothered me.the characters also behaved in ways that were not realistic or logical , even when carrying out mundane routines.add to that the fact that the movie was about as scary as the energizer bunny , and you got one big misfire.however , having seen a few thousand movies in my time , i can honestly say this is nowhere near the worst movie i have had the misfortune of sitting through.it just is n't very good.it 's followed by two sequels , which -LRB- after sitting through this movie -RRB- i can say with 100 % certainty i definitely wo n't be watching , so something good came out of it.for me , It 's Alive is a 2/5
 It 's alive is a boring movie about a lunatic baby that eats people . The stupid part is when he is eating the people , the baby is blurred when he is eating them . The special effects stink . I would not like to see the other 2 movies . Do not see it !!! A better title for this movie would be `` It 's a Bore '' .
 I had to watch it because I had seen the original in the theatres in the ' 70 's . Better fx than the original and just as bad . A must-see but remember it is awful . It 's just such propaganda it 's almost cult , like Reefer Madness was for pot , this is for medicines . Hippie greenpeace liberal puke .
 Babies do n't scare me except when I have to change a dirty diaper . The storyline of `` It 's Alive '' simply did not interest me and I found myself bored , bored and bored . I do n't think this storyline works very well and as a result I think the movie is largely ineffective as a horror movie . If you want to make this into some kind of a politically motivated flick as a reviewer mentioned above , that is fine , but that 's the only way anyone would be able to read any interest into this plot because the actual movie itself for entertainment purposes is sadly inept .
 this movie is just terrible , I do n't think any kind of horror film can get any worst than this one
 As a kid I 'd always read and heard about how scary and horrific IT 'S ALIVE was supposed to be . One lonely night I managed to catch IT LIVES AGAIN
 I remember this movie came out about the same time as `` The Exorcist '' , when I was a kid . All the kids talked about it , because we were under age to see either movie , and if you saw a `` R '' picture you were cool . So we all said we saw it , and what our imaginations brought to the forefront were much better than what I saw in this horrible film . I rented it a year ago to finally see what all my friends said it was about ... and the conclusion was my friends never saw it ... 24 years later I come to the result that my 10 year old friends never saw the film , but should of been the advisors of the film . Because they would of made a better and more exciting film like `` The Exorcist '' which I do have in my DVD collection . No horror film has ever come close to `` The Exorcist '' an absolute classic . Miss this one and see `` The Exorcist '' or `` The Omen '' again for the 50th time . You will still be scared out of your wits . `` It 's Alive '' should of been retitled `` It Should Be Killed '' .
 I was really disappointed in this movie . I have heard so much about it , but it was just a let down . `` It 's Alive '' is so unrealistic , I would have actually liked it better if the baby was normal and running around with a knife ! It 's funny to watch the mother just casually say `` it 's time '' when she goes into labor . I have been around women when it starts and there is some screaming and stress involved . People wish leaving for the hospital was that pleasant . You barely get to see the monster and the movie itself is dull . I almost went to sleep watching . Needless to say , the box of the movie with the cradle as the picture is way scarier than the film
 This movie is rotten . It 's not scary enough to be a legitimate horror movie or funny enough to be a comedy . Instead , it 's like a bad high school film project . Stiff acting , long boring periods where nothing interesting is going on , and a dopey looking monster baby puppet straight from the corner toy store . However , I did sympathize with the anguished cries of the monster baby , because that 's exactly how I felt after watching this junk .
 Although I knew this movie might not fit my expectations , I still ordered all three parts in a box from British amazon , much because of its cult status among horror fans . Actually I wanted to watch this since I was a boy . And I was right as well as many reviewers -LRB- I mean about expectations -RRB- - `` It 's Alive '' appeared to be rather boring and not scary at all . The only pluses I saw in it are great work by John P. Ryan -LRB- I always adored him -RRB- and that nostalgic feeling I got while watching . And by nostalgic I mean the epoch of 70s itself shown in the film , and the way movie was shot . Nowdays we used to see monsters from the first minutes on screen , and in `` It 's Alive '' we get to see the evil baby just closer to the end.Anyway I think the film lacks some brutality and real horror , maybe they 'll come up with something more infernal in the sequel which is being planned , as I heard.But in general `` It 's Alive '' is quite OK for a low budget movie that does n't claim to be a masterpiece of horror genre . Buy it if you like old cheesy horror films , especially those which became legends a long time ago .
 Based on the publicity campaign for this movie -LRB- when it first hit the big screen -RRB- I got `` sucked in '' to seeing it . Save yourself the money and wait for spiderman II because this is one of the worse movies I have ever seen . And I do n't mean Ed Wood `` bad/good '' . This is just BAD
 i have this same movie on three other collections and it 's so good that i forgot about it , and bought this one ! really thats what happened , so remember i may be slow . two of my three look better than this one , and they have more movies on them . really check out some of the collections out there and you 'll find better prints of this movie .
 This cheapie Monogram flick produced by Sam -LRB- `` Never lost a buck because he never spent a buck '' -RRB- Katzman looks like it was written by script writers bombed out of their minds on cheap whiskey . This is not Lugosi 's worst film -LRB- Ed Wood was yet to come along -RRB- but it probably comes close . Make sure you 're a little intoxicated while watching this , it may heighten your enjoyment . Or you can go on a tremendous ego trip , snickering and sneering at every turn of the plot . 1 1/2 stars .
 The only thing that saves this effort from a one-star rating is its enjoyable silliness , which is pretty extreme even for poverty row Forties horror flicks . This time , Bela Lugosi is `` Dr. Brewster '' -LRB- yet another Anglo-Saxon name for the exotic Hungarian ! -RRB- , whose unholy experiments with apes have given him a face-encircling beard , a slouching gait , and a tendency to sleep in a cage with his pet gorilla . He needs fresh spinal fluid -LRB- human only , please -RRB- to restore him to normal , so many complications ensue . His only ally is his sympathetic sister -LRB- Minerva Urecal -RRB- , who addresses him as `` you poor boy ! '' -LRB- Lugosi was about 60 at the time . -RRB- The film was aparently not even intended to be taken seriously , which is its one small saving grace . Even Lugosi is not as charismatic as usual .
 That 's the warning Dr. James Brewster 's medical colleague gives Brewster 's sister - - a ghost-hunting psychic - - before she sees Brewster changed into the Ape Man . It 's also a warning for us . This is not one of Lugosi 's better films . It 's barely a step up from what he did with Ed Wood . But in one scene Lugosi evokes more pity than anything in Dracula.Brewster -LRB- the filmmakers should have changed the character 's name when they got Lugosi to play the part -RRB- injects himself with serum from living victims ' spinal columns . -LRB- I saw the movie two days ago and I 've already forgotten why he needs it . -RRB- We watch Bela Lugosi , by this time fighting drug addiction in real life , shoot up . Then , even through bad monkey makeup , we see the shame and horror on his face as he realizes what he has become . `` I ca n't fight it , '' he says.There 's one other interesting thing in the movie . Low-budget pictures made during World War II dealt more explicitly with the fact of men going off to fight than ostensibly better movies with bigger stars . In Holiday Inn -LRB- 1942 -RRB- everyone wears dinner clothes and dances and drinks champagne on the Broadway Homefront , while in The Ape Man -LRB- 1943 -RRB- the clich&eacute; girl photog razzes the clich&eacute; cynical reporter about being 4-F -LRB- in one month he 'll be Seaman Cyncial Reporter and kick Tojo 's butt -RRB- . The last scene makes it clear the producers had no respect for themselves or their audience . Most of the movie is unspeakably bad . But if you get a chance , watch the first half hour to see one truthful moment with Bela Lugosi .
 Bela Lugosi makes the most of this Monogram Pictures mediocrity , directed by the immortal William `` One Shot '' Beaudine . `` The Ape Man '' -LRB- 1943 -RRB- remains a silly attempt at tragic horror , but Lugosi shines in the shabbiest of surroundings . There are worse ways to spend 64 minutes . Interestingly enough , Bela 's apelike makeup is similar to the Sayer of the Law in `` Island of Lost Souls '' -LRB- 1932 -RRB- .
 I 'm a sucker for cheap Poverty Row horror movies from the late 30s/early 40 's , and this is a gem of the genre . These movies exist in a weird internal logic all their own , where it makes perfect sense for scientists to turn themselves into an ape , find out they really do n't like being an ape , and then go on a reverse-serum-searching snipe hunt/murder spree , with another ape in tow . You can really see the influence these movies had on Ed Wood.All the other fixtures of the format are here
 Quick word association . What spings to mind when you hear `` The Ape Man '' ? Didja think Bigfoot ? The neanderthal from the Geico commercials ? How about the fallen stars of Bela Lugosi and Wallace Ford on full display , preserved for posterity ? Because that is exactly what the appeal of this film boils down to . See the great Count reduced to knuckledragging around in furry makeup . Squirm uncomfortably as he digs the needle into his vein . Bela has such an irrepressible * presence * that even his lesser works are worth at least a look . And a depressed sigh . The print used seems to have been run over by a cement truck . And possibly drug behind it . The sound is so lousy that about half the dialogue is unintelligable . Perhaps , dear readers , that 's for the best ... just mute the television and imagine your own story to go along with the images . Chances are , you 'll do a better job .
 Here we have the local mad-scientist and gland expert -LRB- Bela Lugosi -RRB- working in his basement lab on his latest project . It seems while doing the usual mad-scientist thing of tampering in God 's domain , he injected himself with some vaguely defined ape fluid . The ape stuff had some very unfortunate side-effects . Bela now goes around all hunched over , and wearing whiskers and a wig -LRB- both very phony -RRB- . He swings his arms as he walks and mingles words with occasional grunts . Tragically , the only way he can stand upright as a man is to take injections of human spinal fluid . The only way to get human spinal fluid is to render humans inanimate -LRB- i.e. , dead -RRB- . The beneficial effect of the injections has become distressingly temporary ; it does n't last long enough for Bela to get rid of the whiskers and wig . Bela has taken to sleeping in the same cramped cage as Mr. Gorilla , his lab animal companion . The sexual overtones of this we wo n't even discuss.This low-budget thriller is a good example of bad acting and unintended laughs . Bela Lugosi made some truly classic horror films , but this clunker is n't one of them . Lugosi and his gorilla pal lurking in doorways and alleys remind one of a simian version of Abbott and Costello . Bela is tall and slender while Mr. Gorilla is short and chubby . The snappy dialogue of the newspaper people is meant to be witty , but gets tiresome instead . The WWII jokes hopelessly date the film . The mysterious skinny guy wearing the goofy hat is a silly plot-twist gimmick that emphasizes the poor quality of the story . It 's possible that dedicated Bela Lugosi fans or die-hard fans of old horror movies will find value in this movie . The recommended way for anyone else to view this movie is to use it as a `` so dumb it 's funny '' party tape . Just be sure there has been sufficient imbibing of your favorite beverage to dull the senses .
 The Review is on a copy that is 131 minutes ; however the version I watched was 210 minutes so I can not tell you what they cut out . With Fodor 's Hamlet -LRB- 2007 -RRB- it probably does not matter anyway.Call it contemporary -LRB- everyone is airing out their dirty underwear -RRB- , verging on minimalist . Evidently it is a shot in the arm to the old Hamlet . But they can not hold a candle to the original . They throw in everything but the kitchen sink including a few gender changes and everyone is related to a chess piece . The story is not consistent and wonders around periodicaly we get some iambi pentameter but maybe not Shakespeare In the most inappropriate moments . Hamlet -LRB- Wilson Belchambers -RRB- sniffs Polonia -LRB- Lydia Piechowiak -RRB- and tells her she smells like fish . Will this ever end?One final kiss and Horatio -LRB- Katie Reddin-Clancy -RRB- good bye.Some versions cut out every other sentence . One cut out Rosencrantz and Guildenstern leaving out a major part of the plot against Hamlet . Here we cut out the whole political purpose of the play by removing Fortinbras and Norway from the play and turning it into a cheap revenge plot .
 There were a few things about this version of Hamlet that actually worked for me , having women play Horatio and Polonius among them , and having Ophelia die of a drug overdose fit in well . Some of the acting was good enough . But this was obviously a low budget effort filled with effects that struck me as pretentious and that eventually became tiresome . There were too many overexposed backgrounds , too many split screens , and too many hotel hallways meant to remind us of The Shining . Finally , there was way too little Hamlet . I understand perfectly well that any film version of Shakespeare is going to omit some lines , but this one has omitted large chunks of the play .
 Ok , so this one is n't that bad ... but you have to ask yourself would you watch this is you were n't a Christopher Lee fan and the answer is probably going to be a resounding `` No '' . The idea is fairly original , a villain who embalms his victims '' for his `` live theatre '' , but the film sags in places from far too much padding which includes overlong scenes of a theatre troupe performing their show.Also the quality of the print on this release is pretty awful , which adds to the low , low budget feel of the film . The print is badly scratched , dull -LRB- lacking the crispness of a really good B&W ; movie -RRB- and it is also presented in a badly panned and scanned format . -LRB- Ok I 'm being picky here but ristopher Le in stle of the Living Dea . -RRB- And if you want to see really bad acting , Donald Sutherland really stands out amongst the cast of unknowns , getting to giving not one but two awful performances as he appears as two characters for some unexplained reason . From these performances you 'd never guess that within a few years he 'd be a major Hollywood star.Christopher Lee is , as usual , on top form as Count Drago . Overall Castle Of The Living Dead is a nice idea but badly done .
 This seems like a copy someone made themselves and burned to DVD . This has to be the worst presentation of any film I 've ever seen . That 's really unfortunate because the movie is actually quite good.The DVD boots to a low quality static menu listing the contents of the disc . I 'm guessing most folks that are n't too tech savvy will be stumped at this point . It 's not clear which entry is the movie at first . The movie is actually the last entry.The video quality is almost unwatchable . My wife and I enjoy watching these old films and call this type of presentation a `` crinkly crack '' since that 's what you get on the screen or thru the speakers and sometimes both.The movie itself is a pleasant surprise for Christopher Lee Fans .
 To this date April 23rd , 2008 my great wish is still that one day someone will release She Beast , The Ghost , Castle of the Living Dead AKA Crypt of Terror , The Sorcerers and The Long Hair of Death in their correct aspect ratios and with a decent crisp transfer with audible sound . This is in reference to the Sinister Cinema DVD release . The Movie gets 3 to 4 stars from me personally .
 I was very disappointed with this adaptation ; the Charlton Heston version is much better in all aspects expect for the cinematography and computer generated NYC scenes .
 Yes , there are tons of plot holes , from start to finish . How can there be any deer in the middle of the city , when all the bridges leading to town are destroyed ? How can anyone leave the town then?My problem with this film is also with the idea - it 's such a simple plot
 From the moment that the Fresh Prince of Bel Air bounds across your line of vision , complete with a sniper rifle and about four thousand CGI deer -LRB- oh ! and also a pride of fake lions ... -RRB- , you 'd be very forgiven for thinking that `` I Am Legend '' is going to be Just Another Action Movie . Indeed , the glaring awfulness of the computer-rendered deer is enough to make you forget all about the beautiful post-plague New York cityscapes -LRB- in themselves worthy of huge praise , they 're chilling and very impressive -RRB- , the thitherto-great performance by Smith as a man hounded by loneliness and personal demons , and the very cute Alsatian by his side.But with further viewing , `` I Am Legend '' becomes much , much better - for the most part - and is , by the time the credits roll , not Just Another Action Movie , but something more enjoyable - if two-dimensional . The Good
 The premise of the movie is so disturbing , that I did n't really enjoy or appreciate the rest of the movie . Civilization as we know it collapses , all the animals too . Human culture , history is gone within 3 years . May it never happen . I feel the flashback technique that is used to tell parts of the story , failed to drive my interest . It should have been used more sparingly - Batman begins , Pirates of the Caribbean 3 are two examples where too many flashbacks only broke the continuity of their story lines . In Equilibrium , a brilliant movie , flashbacks were used more effectively to intensify dramatic moments . Overall , what I found disturbing about the movie is the fact that we learn little about the rest of the world , the US , commercial NY alone seems of interest to the movie makers , a thin story line wrapped in a cheap budget .
 I was greatly disappointed in this movie . I normally like Will Smith and zombie movies , but this was just 100 minutes of cartoonish computer generated special effects with no movie . The best part of the film was the occasional Bob Marley song . My advice is to skip I Am Legend -LRB- the movie -RRB- and buy the Bob Marley `` Legend '' cd instead .
 Extremley slow movie . Didnt seem to go anywhere , just when you think something was going to happen , nothing happened . No explanation of why Will Smith was a Mutant , dont get it !!!!!!!! Dont see this movie . Does not live up to the Hype
 This movie version from one off the greatest short stories ever , is horrible . It 's The Fresh Prince ... but angry and confused . Save your money if you have watched ANY Will Smith movie you have seen them all . It 's a shame that such a promising actor keeps resorting to The Fresh Prince persona . Why do they insist on making bad movies from this great book ? Adding a ton of money . horrible CGI and a once marketable actor will not help if Hollywood keeps changing the story line . Pick up the book , it 's a short read , maybe 160 pages and you will love it .
 Just got my blu ray in the mail and the disc is defective - has blue ink spots all along the outer ring - when I play the movie it skips and the menu is hard to access ... sending back to amazon - a hassle .
 This movie has great SE and the vampirea looked fantastic but there are two reasons i give it one star .1 -RRB- We already own this movie twice -LRB- last man on earth , The omega man -RRB- 2 -RRB- Will Smith is not fit to this role . For this role we need A REAL CHARISMATIC ACTOR who could convince us of how it is to be lonely in this world by his performance and will smith has nothing to do with vincent price and hell ... even with charlton heston.One star for the SE and the mutants . I will stick to the earlier films ...
 I was not at all impressed with this film . In fact , all I remember about it was that it was very , very sad , and that I ended it vowing I would never watch it again . It was entirely forgettable and way too depressing . Want to see a good Will Smith movie ? Watch Independence Day . Stay away from I Am Legend .
 ** SPOILER AHEAD ** the guy is a brilliant scientist . the guy is strong . the guy is brave . the guy sacrifices himself . he is the best man on earth . no one else is as good as him . and yes , just before he died , he found the vaccine to cure the disease . what a coincidence.and why did the lady have to dress sexy and wear makeup when mankind is near extinction and she was running for her life?and why were there no corpses on the street?the man is depicted as sacrificing and `` self-less '' , yet the movie 's title is an egoistic `` I AM LEGEND '' . this is just a fake , made-up movie trying to make a man look like a god and a saint .
 I have no idea what Blu-Ray is but it would not work on my player . When I tried to adjust my player I screwed things up badly . Be careful when you buy a DVD if you do n't have a Blu-Ray player or have no clue how to use it on your DVD player . It can cause you a lot of grief . Amazon should give a warning to those of us who are not up on the LATEST technology -- which is hard for some of us busy working folk .
 A movie this limp and nonessential gets THIS type of `` star '' treatment ? You can stuff a huge box with as many discs and extras as you want but it does n't make the movie any better . I Am Legend is simply `` meh '' no matter what type of spiffy box art is designed for it . Definite PASS on this one .
 Can you write an honest review of a movie without comparing it to the book it 's based on ? I think the answer is `` Yes '' . When major film companies create big-budget movies with highly-paid A-list stars , they deserve , even demand , to be compared to the book they were based on . And this movie , to put it mildly , is a hugely disappointing adaptation . They went not for a true-to-the-book ending , but a typical feel-good Hollywood conclusion , with none of the author 's emotionally shocking impact . The movie makers of this joke of a film completely missed the point of the climax and conclusion
 This is the worst movie I have seen in long time . The effects are fake and the plot did n't make sense . It jumped from future to present so many times that you start to get angry , yet it never gives you enough information to really know whats happening . I would reccomend passing on this movie . It was waste of precious time.PS
 ATENCION QUE THE ULTIMATE COLLECTOR 'S EDITION EN BLU-RAY NO CONTIENE SUBTITULOS EN ESPA&N tilde ; OL COMO DICE AMAZON EN LA DESCRIPCION . TIENE UN MONTON DE SUBTITULOS PERO NINGUNO EN ESPA&N tilde ; OL . ES UNA LASTIMA PORQUE LA EDICION ES BUENISIMA Y EN PRECIO , PERO EL QUE NO SEPA LEER EN INGLES NO LA VA A DISFRUTAR TANTO .
 Thank God he gets killed at the end so there 'll be no sequel!Watch the Omega Man with Charlton Heston instead .
 They changed the entire thing ! The ending was completely different , and Robert Neville -LRB- who by the way was supposed to be pale with blonde hair and blue eyes ... ? -RRB- did n't have a dog ! The dog was only in the book for one chapter . You ca n't even tell that the creatures in the movie are vampires !! What 's up with that ?? I went to see this movie with my boyfriend . He had never read the book , and he liked the movie . So I guess , for people who are too lazy to pick up a book and want instant gratification , you can sit and waste your time with this cheesy movie . Or you can read the book like it was supposed to happen . I swear , the producers of the movie must have read the back of the book and not even cracked it to see what it was about . What the hell ? 99 % of this movie is different from the book , to the extent they change Neville 's family 's names so he has a daughter named Marley , and he proceeds to launch into a big unneccessary speech about Bob Marley and peace on Earth . he is supposed to be the last man on Earth ! How can there be peace if it 's only one guy ?? Or maybe better phrased , how can there be war?The creatures are left to be guessed at . Are even they vampires ? Nowhere do I see any blood-drinking , staking , or burning in sunlight which all appear in the novel . It absolutely disgusts me when movies are so completely different from books they are based on , and seemingly ` dumbed down ' for the masses . A cure for cancer gone wrong ... hmm , did n't seem that simple in the book . And what happened to his dead family ? Oh and did n't the storyline only take place a few months after the extinction of all other humans ? Not three years later ? And - SPOILER - what 's with the ending ? Some crazy refugee camp ? In the book the vamps started a new form of government ! That was a cool twist and really made you think . The producers of this movie stripped I Am Legend of all its originality and made it into another cheap movie aimed at giving misunderstood goth kids something to talk about.A piece of advice
 `` I Am Legend '' could have been a very good movie had it followed Richard Matheson 's book of the same name . Instead , we are treated with CGI vampire-like creatures that resemble the mummies from Brendan Frasier 's `` The Mummy '' movies . Instead of the thinking creatures from Matheson 's book , we have mindless adrenalin-fueled eating machines , much like those in the `` 28 Days/Weeks Later '' movies.Once I realized I was n't watching a faithful adaptation , I figured I 'd let the movie stand on its own and see how it turned out . What it actually reminded me of was `` 28 Weeks Later . '' As a matter of fact , if this been the third movie in that series , it would have fit perfectly ; although it would be the weakest link in that series.If you are a fan of the book , you will probably be sorely disappointed with this movie . Had the powers that be behind this film stayed faithful to the original story , they 'd have had a really good film on their hands . Instead , we got a typical serving of style over substance .
 Dont let the previews fool you , this movie is not about zombies . There are bits and pieces where they make an appearance but this movie is not about zombies . Its a Cast Away-inspired slow paced film about a man who has lost his mind due to the fact that he thinks all humanity is gone but him . The whole thing is his everyday life and how he survives . Its very serious and minimal action which I was really hoping for . So if your expecting Resident Evil type action dont waste ur ten bucks . But if ur down with the depressing lonely life of one man in new york then this is for you .
 I was hopeful when I went to see `` I am Legend . '' I liked the Charleton Heston version . And to be fair , there was some good stuff in this movie -- here and there
 Two things that should NEVER be in any movie . You do n't kill a companion animal by the hero 's hand and the hero should NEVER be killed.This was a horrible downer and it could have been so interesting . The potential for a blockbuster was wasted !!!
 He is the only living human in NYC and 3 + years later he has electricity and can watch DVDs and listen to CDs and turn on powerful floodlights ? His refrigerator works too , as does his either electric or gas stove . Has potable water from the sink and shower too ? His washing machine must work , too because his clothes are always clean . I think this is a silly movie .
 Ok I just saw I AM LEGEND starring Will Smith . I found it to be tedious , time-consuming , poorly written , largely unexplained & just plain silly . Most of the movie was spent just showing how along Will Smith was in New York . That was cool for about 5 minutes , then it just got silly . The only saving grace of this film is Will Smith 's performance , which was really good . He is a very talented actor , but the poor writing & lackluster direction show once again that even the most brillian actors need good writing etc. . The ending was too convenient . All of a sudden 2 more uninfected people just happen to show up & they know of a colony in Vermont . Quite honestly the entire story could have been told in about 30 minutes , plus the director tried to use cheap scare tactics instead of suspence which was also not cool . OVerall not the worst movie I 've ever seen but certainly nowhere near the best .
 Only two of the three Blue Ray Disk in the package . Returning item . Looks like it was repackaged or something . Little disappointed on it .
 Cant Hollywood come up with anything original anymore ? Just another remake . The version with Charleston Heston called Omega Man was a whole lot better and original . Probably the worst Will Smith sci fi movie to date .
 I agree with many of all these less-than-impressed reviews of this movie . I am really getting tired of how todays films depend so much on CGI . It 's just not perfected yet . It still looks way too cartoonish which is very hard to take seriously . I miss the sci-fi horror films of the 1980 's . Creating special effects WITHOUT CGI looked more realistic on film back then.And what 's more . I have yet to see any Will Smith film worth watching twice . He does `` big budget '' films , but they are generally all pretty lame in appeal . His `` Wild Wild West '' , `` Independence Day '' , `` Men in Black '' , `` I Robot '' , etc. . These are just a few of some pretty lame big box office Hollywood films . `` Hitch '' did n't have any CGI , so I guess what made that film bad was just Will Smith himself . Well , wait a minute . It 's not that I do n't like Will Smith . I just do n't like any of his films . Any actor could have replaced him in all those films of his , and it will still be an overblown , but still dull movie to me . I guess I just do n't care for his choices in his movie career . But , I guess he 's not hurtin ' . America eats this crap up .
 The three memorable things about this dead-in-the-water adaptation of a classic science-fiction novel is that it stars a charismatic black actor , the only other survivor in the story is an ethnic South American woman , and the ` baddie ' , so to speak , is a WASP doctor . That 's pretty subversive stuff for Hollywood . Unfortunately , the rest of the film does not live up to expectations . It is an empty CGI extravaganza that possesses not an ounce of genuine emotion . Most distressing of all , it takes the highly ironic title of the novel and turns it into an unconvincing heroic final gesture . Like ` The Incredible Shrinking Man ' , ' I am Legend ' is novel about loneliness and the insignificance of man in the vastness of the cosmos . In these two novels , Matheson is saying that man will not go out with a bang but a whimper , an unnoticed sigh . But that does not sit well with the noisy mentality of the blockbuster genre where noisy special effects attempt to fill the void and fail spectacularly .
 One of the worst movies -LRB- Big Budget -RRB- I have seen ! Can we say BORING ?? This movie is so slow with mummy like monsters and bad C.G. . Why this movie made money I do n't know but I will tell you one thing ... I will never see another Will Smith movie . EVER . .
 The primary question is why ? Why make a third adaptation of a truly horrifically boring movie ? -LRB- Face it , when Vincent Price 's $ 17 production is more compelling than Will Smith 's 63 GAZILLION dollar special effects extravaganza , something stinks . -RRB- Great , so you 're the last human in New York City . There 's 10 million zombipires , you , your dog and some bacon you were saving for later . Wonder how this will turn out?Don ' t bother.And `` one of the best movies of the year ? '' Step away from the bottle please ! This is a legendarily BAD MOVIE . Nothing to see here . Move along .
 I know there were those that enjoyed this movie as an adaptation . How , I dont know , but good for them . I , for one , thought otherwise . It would have been a decent enough movie , in its own right , had they called it something else . But they didnt.The only thing this movie has in common with Matheson 's -LRB- amazing -RRB- novel is the name of the protagonist . Thats it . Every single other identifying mark was changed , moved , or taken out altogether . Matheson must be rolling in his grave at this point.If you want to see an adaptation , watch Last Man On Earth , with Vincent Price . At least in that one , they got most of it right .
 Hollywood has never had much luck adapting science fiction author Richard Matheson 's cult 1954 novel `` I Am Legend '' successfully to the screen . Iconic horror movie star Vincent Price headlined the first version ; the Italian-lensed `` The Last Man on Earth '' -LRB- 1964 -RRB- ranked as an austere , but depressing widescreen , black & white epic with vampire/zombies as his antagonists . Call them zompires ! Price impersonated a valiant scientist , Robert Morgan , with an acquired immunity to a deadly virus that had devastated mankind . Morgan struggled desperately not only to survive acute loneliness but also to cure the survivors . Full-frame copies of this opus are available everywhere in DVD bargain box sets . Not-surprisingly , Price perished in the end.Charlton Heston retooled the role in the 1971 remake , `` The Omega Man , '' released by Warner Brothers . Heston turned immunologist Robert Neville into a brawny , bare-chested , romantic , action stud hero who cavorted in a blue flight suit with a dress uniform cap complete with scrambled eggs on the visor . Watch `` The Omega Man '' and see if Neville does n't resemble a Marvel Comics character . Naturally , Heston brought the messianic allure that he had gained from `` The 10 Commandments '' and `` Ben-Hur '' to the role . Along the way , Heston 's Neville indulged in one of the first interracial big-screen romances with African-American actress Rosalind Cash . An army of heavily robed , non-vampiric mutants led by Matthias -LRB- Anthony Zerbe -RRB- triumphed over him , and he died tragically as a misunderstood Christ figure.Will Smith fares even worse in the third and least well-done version , `` I Am Legend '' which finally uses the original title of Matheson 's novel . Essentially , Smith imitates the Heston hero as a weapons reliant action hero/virologist . They differ in how they contend with loneliness . Heston played chess with a bust of Julius Caesar and fed images of himself via a surveillance camera onto a big-screen television . Smith 's Neville dresses up mannequins at a local video rental store and converses with them when he selects a movie . Unlike both Price and Heston , Smith does n't enjoy a post-apocalyptic romance . Instead of female companionship , Smith has to settle for a German shepherd ; canine lovers are warned ahead of time to expect the worst . Even when a woman , Anna -LRB- Alice Braga of `` City of God '' -RRB- , does show up near the end , our hero does n't take the time to sweep her off her feet.Generally , the problem with all three movies is that the star has to bear the movie on his shoulders for the brunt of the action . Remember that hideous Tom Hanks ' movie `` Castaway ? '' Half of `` I Am Legend '' looks like `` Castaway '' with Will Smith performing monologues devoid of humor . Sadly , despite a strong performance , Smith has to deal with adversaries that neither Price nor Heston contended with -- namely , colorless , chrome-domed , computer-generated cannibals . `` I Am Legend '' forfeits any semblance of dramatic impact , much as `` I , Robot '' did , with its cartoon-like CGI villains . Smith wages an eternal war against video game antagonists who can not speak , making them dim-witted , lowest-common-denominator dolts . `` I Am Legend '' opens on an ironic note . Scientists have discovered a cure for cancer . Things go incredibly amiss , however , and Dr. Krippen -LRB- an unbilled Emma Thompson of `` Sense and Sensibility '' -RRB- winds up unleashing a man-made virus in the year 2009 that transforms humanity into homicidal mutants that plunder and destroy everything in sight . Incidentally , these mutants do n't appear until midway in the movie after scenarists Mark Protosevich of `` Poseidon '' and Akiva Goldman of `` Batman & Robin '' have established Smith 's character and his predicament . The filmmakers rely on occasional flashbacks to fracture that storyline and show how Smith became the last man on Earth . We learn that his wife -LRB- Salli Richardson of TV 's `` Eureka '' -RRB- and daughter -LRB- Smith 's real-life daughter Willow -RRB- died in a helicopter collision around the same time that the military quarantined Manhattan Island and sealed off access to it . The military destroy the two landmark Big Apple bridges , but Neville -LRB- Will Smith -RRB- vows to remain at ground zero and devise a cure.Three years later , in 2012 , Neville and his dog venture outside by day to search for non-infected survivors as well as to forage for food and lock themselves up at night . In an early scene , Neville hunts for fresh meat by pursuing escaped zoo animals through the cluttered , weed-choked canyons of Manhattan in a red Ford Mustang with a high powered rifle . He watches old television shows that he has recorded before the apocalypse while he eats . The mutants themselves are not very interesting . In `` Last Man on Earth , '' the mutants were vampire/zombies that besieged the hero 's house at night . In `` The Omega Man , '' the villains were the equivalent of albino Klansmen that terrorized the streets after dark and clashed constantly with Neville.Like the previous versions , `` I Am Legend '' delivers a dour , downbeat ending that will bum you out beyond belief . The special effects are shoddy and superficial ; the villains emerge as a mob of one-dimensional , head-banging morons , and the hero degenerates into an ignoble , unsympathetic , atheistic lout . There is nothing exciting or suspenseful about our hero 's late-night encounter with the mutants on the docks where he uses his SUV as a weapon to smash them . Even more implausible is the way that he gets out of this cliffhanger confrontation . `` Constantine '' director Francis Lawrence provides several startling , gotcha-by-the-gullet , scare scenes that will frighten the squeamish , but seasoned gorehounds wo n't find anything different or dazzling about this drivel.Will Smith 's track record with science fiction is faltering badly these days . `` I Am Legend '' is nowhere near as memorable or entertaining as either `` Independence Day '' or his `` Men in Black '' movies . Instead , `` I Am Legend '' is legendarily lame !
 Will Smith is now , regrettably , experiencing the `` Scorsese curse '' -- which is to say that when the auteur is granted an unlimited budget , he lavishes his attention on expansive production rather than focusing on a project 's essence . The result is bloated spectacle . There 's an audience for this stuff ; and this epic will be remembered no longer than an episode of bucket-of-popcorn indigestion .
 This story had so many horrible plot holes that by the end I was glad it was over . Will Smith does n't sacrifice himself to save the world ; he just wants out of the lousy story he 's become a part of.The opening scene is a ridiculous , pathetic masturbatory commercial for the Ford Mustang GT500 . I mean , really , who would hunt deer from a speeding sports car , even if you actually could ? This opening had me shaking my head in disappointment , and the rest of the movie did n't take that feeling away.The CGI was lame , shallow and low-budge throughout . Almost all of the viral-zombies -LRB- VZs -RRB- were CGI , and were not convincing.All the VZs did was run really fast , climb like vampire-monkeys , and of course open their mouths really wide and roar a lot . Man , we 've seen this dumbass mouthy-roaring gimmick a million times since it became the de rigueur monster stunt in the firstMummymovie . Now it 's just trite and predictable , and no longer effective.So , Will Smith is an Army LTC doctor , with a massive townhouse right on Washington Square in the heart of Manhattan , with a completely outfitted viral research suite in the basement ? And he has all of the trappings of the pre-Armageddon life because he 's resourceful n ' stuff n ' all ? Yeah , puh-leeze . And he powers all this stuff in his house and the lab with three or four Honda -- nice product placement ! -- generators , which we see running happily ... in the flipping pantry ! Hollywood , there is this odorless , colorless gas , called carbon monoxide , which is emitted in the process of combustion , which ... aw , the hell with it.In an abandoned city , the first electrical short or lightning strike will start a fire , which with everyone including the fire department dead , will burn out of control . If there was such a struggle at the end of humanity , would n't there be a battle or two , maybe a little fire here and there ? In a city as dense as NYC , all of Manhattan would burn for weeks . Nope , none of that , no evidence of it . Just rusty cars and some grass in the cracks of the pavement.In a tense scene early on , we see the VZs for the first time in a very dark room strewn with bundles of money , a bank vault -- on a second floor . I mean , seriously , who puts a massive bank vault on the second floor ? Who reviews these settings and agrees to shoot them?If the VZs come out at night and are so flipping voracious , why are there so many deer running all over the island ? If animals can be infected , too , why are there so many deer running all over the island?If the VZs are so screamingly -LRB- literally -RRB- violent , why have n't they all killed and eaten each other yet?Our hero , the brilliant doctor , makes the crucial observation of the VZs that they have lost all semblance of human behavior , yet the VZ `` leader '' steals a mannequin from one of the hero 's haunts , moves it to a crucial location , and sets a clever trap , clearly learned from watching the hero do the same thing earlier . And then the VZ leader-guy sics three apparently trained -- these are supposed to be completely unhinged , ultra-violent critters , right ? -- viral-zombie dogs on our hero . I mean , if the VZs were this smart , why are n't they driving cars and carrying weapons themselves?Our hero has weapons stashed everywhere , and knows how to put them into action , too . Until , that is , when it 's time for things to go south and the finale to come . Then he just ca n't hit a thing , even on full auto . Junk.At the end , the VZ leader-guy breaks his way slowly through the unbreakable lab glass by smashing his head and body into it repeatedly , with no signs whatsoever of any kind of physical trauma . But , uh , we 've seen throughout the movie that although highly infected , and completely psycho , these VZ guys after all are physical beings which are more or less human in frame , strength and stamina , injured and killed with violence which would do the same to a human , even brought down by one or more shots from a firearm . But when the Big Dramatic Finish comes , it 's time for the VZ bad-guy leader to suddenly become so much more , an &uuml;ber - zombie , if you will . Barf.Manhattan is an island , right ? How did the heroine-lady get onto it with her son ? And how did she get off?I will say this
 I just received I am Legend collectors Edition but I only received 2 of 3 discs !!!! The Digital Copy of the movie is missing and it was one of the main reasons i bought this edition . Also the movie does not have Spanish Subtitles as advertised.The movie is exceptional BUT this edition does NOT include all the items advertised by Amazon !!!!!!! Be aware of this
 Apparently Will Smith is hard up for movie roles . I found this movie to be long , boring , and had a mundane ending . He was much better in I , Robot.Okay the end of mankind theme has been done before . . but with much better flare . I will admit that Smith had his shining moment 's in the movie but they are `` few '' . And the ending was just typical for this kind of movie at least add some kind of over the top ending not something that I could probably see in the `` spike '' channel for heaven 's sake .
 I do n't know why I bought this . I 'm sick and tired of zombies , well , sick and tired of hipster zombies . I 'd stick with Chuck Heston 's &#34; Omega Man &#34; if I want to watch something like this .
 Give director Francis Lawrence this much credit for his work in `` I Am Legend : '' He knew how to stick a sword in its belly . The movie is all kinds of ridiculous - in part because it holds its cards practically * inside * the vest for the opening act - and Lawrence , instead of succumbing to hubris and letting it drag on for a craptacular two-and-a-half hours -LRB- like most blockbusters these days -RRB- he ends it , mercifully , at 90 minutes . Yeah , maybe it 's because the zombies look like Bat Boy from the Weekly World News , but still - brevity is a virtue.Stripped of all the subplots that made Richard Matheson 's source novel so compelling -LRB- and the inspiration for some good films , comics , and books since its printing in the 1950s -RRB- , `` I Am Legend '' is a vaguely intriguing `` Cast Away '' vehicle for Will Smith until it must deliver some action goods , which is does efficiently and without any particular rules or sense whatsoever , before closing on a old fashioned Blow Up Real Good sequence . This explosion , really , is the perfect ending for the film Lawrence actually made . Some moviegoers - who have invested far too much thought in this lame experience - prefer the `` alternate ending . '' Not I , for reasons that simply do n't matter.Smith is Dr. Robert Neville , the last `` survivor '' in New York City of a cancer vaccine gone viral . Most New Yorkers died upon contracting the illness ; others mutated into rubber-faced , physically amazing zombies that hate the sunlight , even though , unlike the spiritually touched vampire , they 're simply mutations , which means they 'd need sunlight to ... oh , never mind . If you want to believe the sun could crash into a black hole and these creatures could survive , go ahead . Screenwriter Akiva Goldsman provides all of this with a somber sincerity that informs the movie 's look and tone in the first half-hour ; Neville and his German shepherd stalk the streets of an overgrown NYC in near silence , as Lawrence keeps the soundtrack music to a minimum . Like `` Cast Away , '' it 's compelling to hear the sounds of the world in this film . Unlike `` Cast Away , '' it also seems like a way to blow 30 minutes without having to show those ridiculous zombies.So Neville 's still after a cure for the mutation , and he carefully orchestrates traps so he can capture `` subjects '' for tests ; despite the end of civilization , all of the utilities still work and the gas pumps are n't dry , so Neville uses a giant , state-of-the-art lab for his work . The zombies seem to be getting smarter , though , plotting their own revenge on the `` hunter . '' Sandwiched in there are some flashbacks of NYC 's last night as a living -LRB- and implausibly civilized -RRB- city and the fate of Neville 's wife and daughter . These are effective enough , but they 're also cheat , really - the movie does n't want to give Neville the same struggle he has in the novel.It 's right about then that Lawrence gets his hustle on ; Goldsman shuttles a couple more survivors onscreen so the title can make the least bit of sense , but Neville does n't want much to do with them . There 's a raid , a showdown , and a big boom . Or , if you prefer , the alternate love-in . Blammo . Over .
 I saw this movie the first day it opened and due to the fact that it had the same name of Matheson 's book , I expected something closer to what the author intended than previous film versions . Instead it was the worst of all three movies based on the book . Plot holes galore , CGI effects among the worst I 've ever seen in a film , an ending that looked tacked on and rushed , and a heavy religious theme , where none at all existed in the book made this movie a huge disappointment . It was so bad it would 've flopped horribly had it not been for the superstar drawing power of Will Smith . If you must see it - rent do n't buy !
 Boy was this a huge disappoinment . I am a big fan of the two previous versions of the novelette by Richard Matheson but I do n't think that even Jerry Bruckheimer could have made a bigger of a mess out of this storyline.Why was Neville a legend and to whom was he a legend ? He was a legend among the still-half-humans -LRB- the ones who had n't gone full-blown vampire yet -RRB- as the daystalker who goes around and kills them in their sleep . He was n't a legend because he found ` the cure ' as this movie states at the end . In the two previous films , the Neville character spent the daytime hours hunting and killing the vampires totally unaware that there was a small population of infected humans who were n't eating people yet . In this latest remake they even show a scene of Neville marking off on a map the buildings that he had checked but this is NEVER explained in the film . They completely removed the vampire hunting aspect from the story which makes the ` marking-off-buildings-checked ' scene totally nonsensical.This movie is yet another example of Hollywood signing a big star and casting him in an expensive CGI spectacular where he can run around doing amazing things before ultimately saving the day . Well , they should have tried to save this story first . It stinks .
 This was a good movie at the theatre -LRB- 4stars -RRB- . So , I wanted to see what this alt ending was like . My opinion is that this movie is good until the ending ; LAME . It seems to dislocate the continuity and consistency of the film . How would one feel after destroying all humans and creatures on Earth . And when his best friend dies , he goes postal . Anyway , was his escape a dream Or was his escape just a result of his mind fracturing or diverging . So was the woman and child real or were they internal conflicts ; his way of saving yet sabatoging himself ? Is there a right or wrong answer ?
 The only way I could make it through this movie is with the help of my fast forward button . Too many instances of having to suspend disbelief .
 ok the book may be older but isnt this just the new york version of 28 days later , but with less character investment and a very docile washy story line . My recomendation is watch 28 days later or even the resident evil trilogy , maybe day of the dead , all far better . Why did Will Smith choose to do this one ? he is normally amazing at choosing roles . Big disapointment
 I had high hopes for this movie . I saw the previews and was amazed . I thought Resident Evil only Better . Wow , I was wrong.This movie does n't even scratch the surface of a good movie . I mean take out Will Smith and you have nothing . That 's why I watched the movie , Will Smith usually does n't disapoint , this time he did . After about 45 minutes of watching this movie I was looking at my watch waiting for this experience to be done.The thing that bothered me was the boringness of the story . I do n't include spoilers so I wo n't go into detail , but they could 've done so much more . Honestly I started to question the integrity of the movie makers . Questions like `` Where they trying to rip me off ? '' and `` How can they sell this to a studio ? '' came to mind frequently during the slow times aka most of the movie . Why make previews seem like action if there really is n't any?Please do n't see this in theatres and please do n't waste your $ 20-25 on this . Rent it . You will be glad you did.Chad Johnson
 I will say I have never read the book and did not know there was one , and maybe my review would be better if I had . This movie started slow and never picked up . It is literally the worst movie I have EVER seen . I think because it was Will Smith I expected a little more . My severe disappointment in the story and confusion throughout the movie just ruined it . This movie could have been a little better if they did not save the flashbacks for the end of the story . Maybe in chronological order it would have been better . Still there were just too many unanswered questions . Also this was basically a zombie apocalypse movie . Had I known I would have NEVER watched . My husband found it on clearance in a discount bin and now we both can understand why . Maybe if I was a zombie apocalypse kinda girl , but sadly I am more of a logical realistic type . I wo n't give up on Will though I was raised with his Fresh Prince shenanigans and this is the first time I have not enjoyed his acting . Though to be fair I believe the severe lack of good story and plot was the actual problem here .
 If you 've read the book then you 'll probably agree that there are a lot of original elements to the story . Unfortunately , as very frequently happens when books are turned into movies all the originality was sucked out of the plot ... maybe for the sake of easy money . Or maybe because the producers thought they could do better . Sort of arrogant considering that I Am Legend is a classic . Anyway , if you liked the book and are similarly irritated when that kind of thing happens then do n't depress yourself by watching this movie . If you are n't bothered by predictable storylines though and just want something with action in it then you 'll probably like it .
 I 'm not a huge fan of remakes , nor am I a fan of Will Smith , but I wanted to like this and went into viewing this movie with an open mind . First problem with this movie is Will Smith , he can not carry a movie by himself . If you 're a fan of his , you 'll probably love it , but not being a fan of his , I have to say he seriously lacks the chops to pull this off . Second massive issue is the horrendously awful CGI . The wide shots of the city look fine , but the lions in the beginning are just unbearably bad , and then when they finally show the vampires , that was just the final nail in the coffin for me . No pun intended . They just looked horrid , very poorly done . I watched both endings , and they were both very bland , the unrated theatrical version being the worst of the two . And while I have to say that the movie is very much watchable and not the worst thing to ever grace the silver screen , it needed a lot of improvement and a new lead actor to make it a worthwhile film .
 Maybe it is the last third that blows it . What went wrong ? This could have been good sci-fi . What a pity . We 've had a lot of vampire and zombie movies over the years and many post-apocalyptic movies . I like 'em even if they are n't done that well , as does apparently a large swath of the public . So , I say the first half or so is excellent . Seeing a realistic depiction of a large city devoid of human beings , crumbling bit by bit , nature all around reclaiming ground , is interesting . New York City is the most cinematic location to digitally degrade with cutting edge computer effects with it 's famous monuments and streets and gigantic skyskrappers and celebrated bridges . I 've found Will Smith to not always be the most interesting actor but his performance works . Basically Smith is a military scientist in responsible for finding a cure for a super-virus similar to the disease in 28 WEEKS LATTER which turns people into fleshing eating crazed turbo-vombies . Luckily for Smith the ghouls in this flick are like vampires destroyed by sunlight . This allows him free reign over almost all of Manhattan during the day , except of course the insides of darkened buildings where monsters shelter themselves from deadly ultraviolet light . Meeting the monsters is the highlight of the movie for me . I was nervous . As for these transformed mutants of the night , they sound scary and look deformed by disease but fake . For the longest time I 've said use make-up and masks when you can and cost effective computer effects for the extras -- for the background zombies or zombies in dark environments when detail is less an issue . Up close in the light you got video game level quality and that is very lame . Things started to go downhill for me with a strange trap Smith gets caught in that I simply did n't buy and never found a good explaination for . After this his character is disapointing when confronted with a painful loss . Then we discover he is a man without faith in god which is a bad thing ?? Not sure where they were going with that and if we 're supposed to believe he got it back I simply missed that part -- not that I cared in the first place . Without spoiling anything , the final nail on the coffin is the absurd conclusion to Smith 's story . The timing of it ! Yeah okay . And speaking of timing , got to love the scene on the wharf . Just in the nick of time , outta nowhere ... What are those odds ? In the end the movie wraps up and your just left with an uninteresting conventional movie .
 Wow , this movie really was disappointing to me . Maybe I 'm the only one that thinks `` The Omega Man '' was a much superior movie but I call it like I see it . Just watch one , then the other , and you tell me . I thought this movie was choppy and rushed . You could n't get a real sense of the character 's situation like you did in Omega man . The vampire creatures were really not believable ... how come when I have a virus I do n't have the strength to run fast and tip over SUVs ? Whats wrong with Hollywood ? The Omega Man was believable to me . The characters were more believable and the story was too . This was just not even worth my time . Lame , Hollywood , lame !
 Sighhhhhhh . Here we go again.Superb , classic source material once more bastardized , replaced with typical Star-Vehicle lameness by the hacks of Hollyweird.Will Smith 's Neville is ok , but could have been truly memorable had the story some real juice.New York City looks terrific - except ... so , where 's all the signs of terrible chaos , and all those -LRB- non PG-13 -RRB- corpses that should still be littering the place !? Instead of offering us a nicely thought out story where the -LRB- genius -RRB- Neville supplied himself with intelligent options and a backup plan to escape to secondary hideouts -LRB- imagine a highrise where he could have fended off stairwells full of attackers -RRB- - thus prolonging the suspense and action - we are given ... Shrek from a basketcase.Instead of exciting scenes in which the superb survivor and rationalist Neville investigates what would have been portentous signs that the infecteds were becoming increasingly aware and manipulative -LRB- the mannequins ! -RRB- - and thereby stuggles to more quickly obliterate their lairs - we are offered ... an utterly lame and unbelievable night rescue.Opportunity after opportunity cluelessly squandered , lost , thrown away.End result
 `` I am Legend '' Directed by Francis LawrenceIn the near future a supposed cure for cancer is created and distributed . It turns out that the cure actually becomes a biochemical disease and wipes people out at an alarming rate and those who are n't killed are turned into zombies . Robert Neville -LRB- Will Smith -RRB- believes he is the last survivor and spends his days in New York City attempting to find a cure for the disease and his nights avoiding the zombies.I was actually expecting a lot more out of this movie . I had read rave reviews and heard first hand accounts from friends about this films greatness . What I witnessed was an average post apocalyptic type story with in my opinion sub par special effects.The Good
 Just a warning , there may be spoilers in this review . You are warned.Let 's be honest everyone speaks of this movie as an adaptation of the book , but in hollywood the only adaptation to speak of is the fact that this is a remake of the Omega Man and everyone knows it . Remakes or sequals . . This is how the industry works . Now for the review ... This movie had suspense and sadness . Will Smith handles being the only black man left on earth well . With his mind slipping away due to loneliness , the inability to cope with the loss of his family and fear for his life ; a general self-interest , guilt , and need to just survive becomes so much more . This film is shown from his perspective of his current situation and his flashbacks of the last moments with his family . The cockiness and almost sociopathic -LRB- sp -RRB- behavor seen in the omega man has been replaced by a real person here . Until the moment the first infected person screams and attacks Neville I was involved and part of the fear , then the reminiscent CGI and movement from i robot came back and it was over for me . The infected looked like skin bag versions of the i robots and the Mummy from well ... the mummy who made the same lame looking mouth contortions . Was there some reason they could n't splurge on some extras and some make up in this movie ? Every zombie movie , 28 days later and others were so much more frightening because they were real people , the human quality is what is most frightening and what the irony of the infection is supposed to mean > it could happen to us . However I do n't think I will get an infection that will turn me or a dog into bad CGI hairless monkeys that can bust through a brick wall . On the upside Will Smith saves every scene of this movie he is in . His emotion in the video store when he breaks down finally in sorrow was a gem . It worked on more than one level and I felt made a much larger comment that I hope people can see . . On the other hand his dog was in it 's own way and great character which is n't to say anything about anyone but the dog and the shooting of the dog . It had a face that made you care about and feel for and miss when she died the way she did . I thought on one hand it needed to die to push him over the edge -LRB- instead of the boy in omega man -RRB- on the other hand I sorely missed it 's presence in the film and wished it could have lived which everyone wanted i think . The leader of the pack of infected was confusing to me , what did it want and why was not clear even though we are told they are mindless killers , clearly if they run in packs and communicate , then they are not mindless by any means . This was left to much to speculation I felt . If they are supposed to be human and the end result was to cure them , you are not left wanting or needing such a result . The ending felt forced , sappy and token . This women and her child that show up had the make of a stephen king crowd of token religious minority characters that show up to give the message of god and die or save everyone . It felt like she had more experience with the world gone crazy than Neville did and in a way she hijacked the movie . In a way this was like religion showing up and validating Nevilles character more than his general compassion and scientific need to make right what humans had done which was more the truth than the god 's wrath and swing away -LRB- signs -LSB- movie -RSB- -RRB- realization that came and the tail end of this movie.So to wrap things up the good things about this movie - * Everything with Will Smith * Neville 's Dog * The video store emotional breakdown in particularThe bad things about this movie * the CGI infected * The token mother at the end with the spiritual messageThis film was given 2 stars because of the bad parts and because many of the scenes were not from the book or the Omega man but from 28 days later , in my opinion - they should have borrowed more ...
 Decent boxed set with good extras , but the digital copy is expired ... how lame is that ? WB sucks !
 Excellent set up at the beginning . Really intriguing concept , except for one thing
 The reason why I give this particular movie such a low rating is simple
 I Am Legend was without a doubt one of the most over hyped and disapointing movies of 2007 . Francis Lawerence shows the same mis direction he showed in 2005 's Constaine and the script is strictely by the numbers . The only saving grace in the movie is Will Smith 's performance as the last man on earth . As for the hyped alternate ending it 's also a let down .
 While watching this horrible retelling of Matheson 's brilliant I AM LEGEND , I was struck by the frightening similarity between the exaggerated facial characteristics of the rabid infectoids of this flick and those rebellious androids of I ROBOT , also starring Will Smith . Weird . The CGI faces are identical . Leftover CGI from I ROBOT ? Or the same bad Special Effects team ? Or does this Scientologist know something about the future that I do n't know ? The CGI in this looks stupendously awful . -LRB- Nothing looks real in this movie . Even New York looks a storyboard . -RRB- I thought I was watching the Prequel to I ROBOT . Will Smith once again battles bad CGI characters run amok . Yeah , bwoy !! For the sake of realism , the commercial/music video director , Francis Lawrence should have used real actors and animals instead of this low-budget CGI . Alas , it still would n't have saved this from the awful screenplay . However , Smith does get to act crazy with a mannequin . And , he gets to recite lines from his favorite movie , SHREK . Hey , now . A reviewer below compares this to Dawn of The Dead . NOT EVEN in the same ballpark !! The remake or the original!Will Smith is NOT BAD in this . At least the writers and producers kept him from saying one too many smart alecky one-liners and kept him from acting like his usually off-putting conceited self . After his genuinely affecting performance in THE PURSUIT OF HAPPYNESS , this is definitely a step down for him . It does n't serve him well.NOTE
 I had great expectations from this movie especially after the success at the box office . After watching it I was totally disappointed . The movie has no action and the story is lame at best , Smith performance is so-so .
 This was n't a very detailed film . I liked it but was glad I saw it on cable and did n't pay the regular movie price or I would have felt cheated . Also , his blatant advertising of Shrek in this movie was a little nauseating . Smith should n't taint a good film with a mediocre one . Do n't bother buying I Legend . See it on cable or order it though internet library loan at your local library if it does n't have it on the shelf . Will Smith dropped it with this film .
 This movie promises the best potential of Will Smith in a long time ... however , it does not deliver . The entire movie is focused on him dealing with zombie like creatures that only come out at night . The movie is long and boring with a really lame ending . However , it attempts to have action scenes but it is much too predictable to keep you on the edge of your seat . It was a big disappointment !
 It had great effects , but anyone over 12 had to notice that much of it just did not make sense . Smith is supposed to be a brilliant virologist , but when he sees a manequin placed where it will attract his attention he behaves like a child and gets his faithful dog killed . The `` darkseekers '' are supposed to be raving maniacs , but they are smart enough to anticipate Smith 's reactions and to engineer a clever mechanical trap . If they were that smart they would just get weapons or explosives and kill him . If he was so stupid as to not recognize enemy action , he would not be a virologist . After he is saved from death , at the last possible instant , and taken home , he pulls a gun on his rescuers . You have to be amazingly stupid to think you need a gun with someone that just saved your life . When the director has an unlimited budget and good people , the result should be better than this .
 I love Will Smith . The trailors and ` plot/themes ' sounded like this would be a GREAT movie . I 'll give Smith an A for his acting , although he didnt have to do too much of it in this slow , plodding movie.The special effects were good but this was just a horrible , long -LRB- only 1hr 40min , but seemed like many more -RRB- and plodding film that went nowhere.And to boot , they have to kill his dog near the middle of the film making it depressing as well as boring ?!!? I liked the original ending far better then the alternate one , although both endings had a hard time trying to make something out of this boring and predictable nothing of a movie.Could have been a great one with Smith and the very interesting premise behind the Movie , yet it turned in to a dud that goes in the ` Watch Once , But Never Again ' bin.I wish I could give it zero stars for the sole reason they killed the dog . There was no reason behind having Smith have to Kill his only companion ... served no purpose other then to make it depressing as well as boring and had they kept the dog alive , perhaps his antics could have gotten this to maybe 2 or 3 stars as there would have been many areas they could have used the dog ... Oh well ... very disappointed in this one ...
 I expected this to be a great movie . I was so wrong . 45 minutes into the movie , I was praying that it would get better . 75 % of this movie is SO BORING , nothing that happened with the virus that made everyone into zombies is never explained , nor does the movie explain even why some people are immune . To me , this was just another zombie movie that someone spent WAY too much money to make . Do n't waste your time or money at the theaters , wait for the DVD unless you like to be disappointed .
 I have seen this movie before , oh I remember , `` the omega man '' . this is simply an updated version of that classic film . I was not impressed with this movie . it moved far too slow and nothing was explained . the flashbacks were annoying and did not add anything to the movie .
 One star because you must rate , no star if you want to be sincere.To say the least , this is the worst one ever . The only thing you will enjoy is the deep bass and shattering effects of your subwoofer and sound system grespectively , apart from that , give your $ 12 to someone in need , or just assume you lost it outright.Vague story line , useless suspense , meaningless conclusion.The worst purchase I have made in recent times .
 I thought it was a great movie until the infected started acting like superhumans . I find it hard to believe that a virus can enable a human to scale the side of a building unaided and to crawl across the ceiling of a room like some supernatural creature . Give me a George Romero zombie flick any day . They are at least believable . The dog in the flick was the best part of it .
 Awesome visuals do not a movie make.This great looking movie is a meaningless remake of `` Omega Man '' and light years away from Richard Matheson 's haunting and weirdly relevant novel `` I Am Legend . `` See it for the amazing views of deserted New York City . And yes , Will Smith is very good . For about 45 minutes this movie teases with huge potential and then it descends into below average jolts of blood-thirsty mutants jumping out of the dark with their mouths open.SPOILER ALERT : In the end , super-hero-with-abs Will Smith -LRB- certainly not the relatable , ordinary man of the novel -RRB- sacrifices himself for no reason and then there 's a hastily tacked on ending of survivors entering a walled-in compound somewhere in Vermont . Is there unintentional irony here ? Have they traded freedom for the illusion of security?No legend . No myth . And finally , not much of a story.I was hoping for a movie that tickled my brain as well as my eyeballs -- like `` Blade Runner . ''
 I Am Legend -LRB- Widescreen Single-Disc Edition -RRB- -RSB- I ca n't believe I wasted money buying this garbage ! I mean , this guy is a SCIENTIST and I reckon a bloody good one to boot ! He is supposed to be at the pinnacle of human intelligence and yet , this screenplay would have us believe he misses vital clues as to the emerging socialization of this new species of human , ie . the infected cancer virus survivors ... ? He totally misinterprets the infected guy looking out into the sun as aggression and not the correct interpretation of looking for his mate ? ... and then , he falls for the snare trap with a goram store dummy as BAIT ??? I mean , how ridiculous can you get ? I am so disappointed ... and after I , Robot ? Will , you got tubed , man !
 As are most movies that have a cast of ONE -LRB- unless you include the dog -RRB- , this movie is DULL . Think Castaway , where the guy talks to a volleyball . Now simply substitute a dog instead of a volleyball and there you have it .
 Whoever likes this movie , or even thinks this movie does justice to the book either hasnt read the book , or is a literary moron . Please tell me how this movie stayed true to the book ? Please tell me how it did justice to the book ? How on earth do you do justice to a book when nothing in the movie is the same as the book ? I do not understand how anyone can think this movie gave credit to Matheson , or his Novel of the same name?I am never been so offended in my life . Nothing in this movie is the same as the book , NOTHING ! Its offensive how different it is , and i ca n't believe anyone would support it , or complement it in any way . Its a slap in the face of Matheson , and anyone who says it give credit to the book obviously ca n't read , has little understanding of the literary world.Do not watch this movie and think you are getting the novel . You are getting Hollywood , you are getting a beautiful piece of work and you will watch be destroyed . I tried not to give it a star , but Amazon wont let me .
 What an awful movie!I suppose if you like Will `` I play the same character in every movie '' Smith then you will probably like this one as well . But , I would suggest watching The Omega Man for a much better interpretation . You 'll find the bad guys in The Omega Man to be much scarier , yet almost sympathetic creatures . In I am legend , the creatures are simply unrelenting killer zombies -LCB- yawn -RCB- . Plus , The Omega Man has Charlton Heston . Check out Soylent Green for another great apocalyptic movie .
 What is Will Smith doing in a remake of the old cult movie , `` The Night of the Living Dead ? Years ago my son and I got hooked watching the old one and laughed all the way through it.But , why is Will Smith in a remake with lots of computer enhancement which does not make the movie any better ? -LRB- The first one looked like it was filmed in someone 's garage -RRB- Parts of this movie looks like the computer work which was done in a documentary on what the earth would look like if man disappeared.I am a fan of the fine work which Will has done but this does not reflect any of the movies he has made . If you are under 20 years of age , you will probably love this ; if you are over 20 , do n't bother with it .
 - with Charlton Heston in New York City , driving through the empty streets of New York city during the day and fighting to stay alive at night . In this movie Will Smith spends his days driving around the streets of New York scavenging for food , but spends the nights lockdown in the house he shared with his family -LRB- becasue the freaks can only come out at night -RRB- . Not a family movie at all , my wife could not be in the same room with my 17 year old son and I while we were watching it . Not a movie I will keep in my blu-ray collection .
 This has to be one of the worst remakes of another movie that I have ever seen . We fast forwarded through most of the movie . They took the original -LRB- Omega Man w/Charlton Heston -RRB- plot and really messed it up . Everything seemed to be done in slow motion , they dragged out scene after meaningless scene . The story line was atrocious . The worst part was how stupid Neville -LRB- main character -RRB- was in this movie . He took no precautions or equipment that I would have taken in his place . If you never saw the original Omega Man then see it instead , it 's a much better movie .
 Boring , cheesy , riddled with plot holes and leaps of logic , atrociously bad CGI , and poorly written . I 'm not going to delve into the plot because you can read the hundreds of other reviews on Amazon for that . I 'm simply doing my duty bringing the over-all rating of this disaster down.The special edition discs do however make great drink coasters so all is not lost for your ~ $ 20 .
 This film version of the Matheson novel is so predictable that it caused me to give up on viewing the DVD after only the first 30 minutes . Will Smith is totally unconvincing . BORING !!! Maybe I was spoiled by the Vincent Price vehicle with its more believable , darker treatment .
 I absolutely loved the movie . I believe it is Will Smith 's best role since `` Ali '' and shows that he has some serious acting talent , as he holds his own in the first 2/3rds of the movie as the only screen presence for the film -LRB- minus flashbacks -RRB- opposite only a dog as his only companion and friend.I thought it was phenomenally shot , and genuinely the scariest movie I 've ever seen in my adult life . Nothing I 'd seen until then was genuinely frightening -LRB- and not just a cheap teen horror thrill with a loud sound and/or violin shriek -RRB- when Sam -LRB- Neville 's dog -RRB- rushes after a deer into a pitch dark area , with only a gun-mounted flashlight , and absolutely no music playing whatsoever.Followed by another genuinely frightening scene , in which Fred -LRB- one of the mannequins Neville sets up outside a video store to talk to -RRB- has been moved -LRB- as part of a Darkseeker 's trap -RRB- , and nearly drives Neville insane , thinking Fred is perhaps a real person , and having to shoot him to be sure , only to spring the trap.As great as the movie was , and as frightening as it was , and as heartbreaking as it was to see the fate of his family and his dog , I spend about 18 dollars for the special edition two-disc version.And I spend double the price for the single disc for ... maybe five minutes extra footage , tops?Disc one is basically the same thing you 'd get in the normal edition ; movie plus four animated comics . Disc two gives you THE SAME MOVIE with maybe five minutes additional footage , such as some minor deleted scenes setting up the premise for the Darkseeker 's evolution and intelligence , and the alternate ending , which while was a bit frightening and touching at once , was hardly groundbreaking and not at all controversial.Spoiler Alert
 Plot line differences : The dog
 As a standalone last-man-on-earth movie or a remake ofThe Omega Man , ' I Am Legend ' is a film of two halves . The first half , I was pleasantly surprised to discover , is very good indeed and does n't concede to the big guns , explosions and one-liner forumula popularised by the Bruckheimer and Simpson school of Blockbuster movie-making ; In keeping with the novel , what you have is the laconic introduction of a man going about an ordered routine in a world in which order has ceased to have meaning . The first section of the film , prior to the first appearance of the living human infected -LRB- and minus some dodgy CGI deer and a CGI lion that looked like it had padded into frame from the film , Madagascar -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- -RRB- is nothing short of breathtaking . The vistas of an empty New York slowly returning to nature are the best CGI that I 've seen sinceChildren of Men -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- largely because , bar the opening shots , they borrow a trick from that film in not dwelling on the landscapes with the obligatory `` look at our cool effects , kids ! '' shots . Because of the ordinariness with which they 're treated one does n't relate to them as an effect . Smith 's performance as Bob Neville is , thank the lord , note perfect . The unspoken dread in his eyes as he 's washing his canine companion in the bath-tub and waiting for the sun to set is palpable and , I take my hat off to him , he deserves an Oscar for the strength and subtlety of his performance here . Films like this are carried by their actors and this is a spectacular performance . Not the best of its kind - that accolade still goes to the late , great Bruno Lawrence in the brilliantThe Quiet Earth - but certainly in the top five . However , the scene which is the film 's greatest triumph is also its greatest tragedy . Namely , when Neville is forced to chase his dog into a darkened building and we 're treated to a bravura sequence in which he unequivocally panics as he tracks around darkened corners with his rifle . We , the audience , know that the human infected - whom we still have n't seen - are going to jump out on him . And they do . And when they do , they are unfortunately completely unconvincing as anything other than a special effect - and not a particularly convincing special effect at that - at which that point all of the carefully accrued tension dissipates and the audience finds itself firmly in rubbery Matrix CGI country . Make no mistake about it , if Francis Lawrence had opted for human performers in make-up -LRB- of the like seen in28 Weeks Later -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- and Zack Snyder 's superbDawn of the Dead -LRB- Widescreen Unrated Director 's Cut -RRB- remake -RRB- rather than CGI , it would have probably have been the most terrifying piece of big-budget horror film-making in recent history . In fact , one wonders whether the budget was n't the deciding factor in making the human infected CGI , as the audiences awareness of them as a special effect drastically reduces the level of horror which would probably have garnered the film an R17/18 rating ; something which would have prevented vast swathes of the audience demographic from seeing it and probably would have spelled box office doom given the millions involved . From then on , the film marches steadily on to a denouement which is hurried , rather limp and a complete juxtaposition to the dark themes of the novel . If you 're a fan of the novel , you 're not going to see it here . The only resemblance to it is the title , the name of the protagonist and , superficially , the situation . Neville is no longer a borderline-alcoholic , blue-collared schmoe barely managing to contain his own self-destructive urges . The scientific examination of the vampire myth that made the book so fascinating is not here . Neither is the final heart-breaking inversion of Neville 's plight which so haunted me when I read it as a thirteen year old . Suffice to say , despite three official screen interpretations and numerous unofficial interpretations , the definitive version of this massively influential novel is still to be made . One day , maybe Hollywood will realise that this is one story that does n't need a rewrite or eye-candy to bolster what is already a supremely haunting and still frighteningly relevant tale .
 This movie is slow , dull , and boring with injections of adrenalin to keep you from falling asleep . Will Smith does a good job but good acting can not salvage what is a poor screen play . The deserted New York is very well done but the entire film drags plus it has some serious logical flaws . Where are the bodies and/or skeletons ? If the surviors have resorted to cannabalism why are they only preying on the sole survior ? Should n't some be starving ? If they are eating abandoned food why are they attacking the one survivor ? If they are irrational and preying on humans why are they not attacking each other ? Where is the electricty coming from ? The first time he enters his safe house he hides his tracks but does n't do that at any other time yet that is how he is tracked down . Who set the trap for him ? That was left open -- why were cars used as counter weights when it would be easier to use something more easily handled ? Why was he constantly driving at high speeds ? Shooting a deer would have been easy yet he chose to chase them in his car -- why not run one down ? This whole sequence was contrived and sort of dumb.The film has long draggy sequences which were punctuated with attacks by over active zombies who appear to act irrationally and with no clear motive . I watched this film with my sons , nephews , and grandsons -- none of them liked it and all of them thought we should have selected a different movie -- and I hardily agree . This was a poor movie but the fault lies not the stars but in the screen play . I would say do n't bother with this one .
 All in all , I Am Legend is even a disappointment if one went in expecting disappointment . There is no deeper examination of loneliness , just shots of aloneness . The threat to Neville has been dumbed down - in earlier versions he is the threat . In this film , he is the threatened . The female he meets is a religious bubblehead , rather than a plant from the semi-zomboids that are looking to start a New Breed . And on and on goes the watering down . The film fails as both an adaptation , and if seen without knowledge of its forebears . But , aside from its Hollywoodization stripping the tale of its relevance and depth , this film version even fails its low Hollywoodized standards of success - it 's dull , poorly made , and has not a second of suspense . It is a retard 's retard . But , as I always seek to give credit where it 's due , let me state to that grandfather of Hollywood dumbing down , ` Thanks for nothing , Mr. Spielberg ! '
 Ouch.I 'd like these 100 minutes back , please.This was not what I 'd hoped for . Matheson is a great writer but his premise and art have been sorely butchered here.The first half is ok , though the exposition is slow and frankly tedious at times . The highlight of this film is the empty scapes of NYC , very nicely done . Buuuut , as soon as the rather boring `` monsters '' show up , it becomes a b-movie horror film , and all of Matheson 's concept is subsumed into a different plot line with so many holes they 're barely worth mentioning , but glaring nonetheless.I have to wonder what the cast and crew were thinking as they `` created '' this . Did n't they see what a piece of crap they were making ? How can anyone spend a hundred million or whatever this tripe cost and think it was worth it when there is absolutely nothing redeeming or even remotely enjoyable therein?Truly , you just do n't need to watch this movie . See the other cinematic versions of Matheson 's fine story , or much better yet , just read the story and get what really matters.Loud , manipulative dystopian messiness with no redemption or cohesion.Pass .
 This movie was not what I expected . The story line was weak , and the ending was bad . A complete waste of time .
 Apparently high-dollar special effects and a heretofore unknown superhuman quality given to the infected humans is supposed to be enough to make a blockbuster . I like Will Smith in almost anything , and while I applaud loudly the special effects , the story is lost most of the time , convoluted and disjointed all the time , and only slightly related to the original . The modified story eliminates nearly every small ray of hope , substituting seemingly unending darkness and obscuring some of the best subtexts of the original.Don ' t waste your time and money on this version ; get `` The Omega Man '' with Charlton Heston instead .
 Pretty good adaptation of the novel by Richard Matheson , modernized and great idea to set it in NYC . And the creatures were great . But then the ending came , and I wanted to ... Hollywood bs . Stick to the novel for a change .
 This is a lightweight Will Smith movie . Not much different than all of the others with the typical posing and mugging for the camera . I could really do without the violence he committed against his own dog . I found this really unnecessary and gratuitous . Charleton Heston did it much better in Omega Man .
 Since the mid 90s Hollywood has really been in a rut ; everything has to be bigger and louder and basic storytelling has gone out the window . But I 'm not gon na totally knock Hollywood they do sometimes get it right . It 's just they do n't produce the movies they once did . I hoped I Am Legend would be one of the few that worked well , but when all was said and done Hollywood dropped the ball again . I Am Legend had potential to be a really chilling movie , but it never reaches that level.First up I have to mention Will Smith who plays Robert Neville ; it 's pretty much a one man show and more than half the movie is just Will Smith and his dog . I 'll give major credit to Smith who really does a great job at carrying the movie . In general the movies Will Smith does really do n't appeal to me , but he is a fantastic actor and does one hell of a job here.I Am Legend is based off the Richard Matheson novel and the screenplay was written by Mark Protosevich & Akiva Goldsman and it 's never really interesting . It 's not easy to write a screenplay and even harder when you have pretty much one character through a majority of the movie . The concept of the movie is excellent , but their screenplay just does n't really work . It 's not terrible by any means , just is n't all that good . But with the right director it could have possibly worked.Francis Lawrence steps into the director 's chair and fails at brining any tension or adventure . The pacing often lacks and he never really gets much going and the action scenes come out weak . Seeing the deserted Manhattan streets is sort creepy as a New Yorker and seeing that makes for a semi chilling moment , but is never as creepy as it could have been . But after a while those shots become tiresome . I never felt that whole end of the world vibe ; one of the most chilling scenes in recent memory was the deserted London streets in 28 Days Later , but here with I Am Legend you never get that chilling vibe.The screenplay was flawed , but with the right director I think the movie could have worked . I just never felt any tension , the deserted Manhattan streets are never as chilling as it should have been and the action scenes fail at brining much excitement . The ending was very anti-climatic . What could have been a powerful scene feels rushed and just falls flat.The biggest downfall of the movie is the CGI ; first off I really do n't like CGI , but depending on the movie I can tolerate it . With a 150-million dollar budget one would think the F/X would come out good , but nope it 's terrible and really brings the movie down . I 've seen movies done on a much lower budget that ranges from 2-5-million with CGI and it looks on par with this . I 've seen movies done under a million that have far better F/X . With the budget I Am Legend had there is no excuse for such shoddy F/X . I Am Legend is just too Hollywood stylized ; in some ways it 's better than a lot of what 's out there . While this does have action scenes it 's not done as much as I thought it would be . I expected mindless action scene over and over again and it was n't . So that 's a good thing , but action or not it 's too stylized . A movie like this needs more of a gritty look . Again there was potential here , but when all is said and done I Am Legend just lacks in tension and excitement.If you are into big time Hollywood productions odds are I Am Legend will get the job done and you 'll enjoy the movie , but for the rest of us we 'll mostly be bored . I have n't seen The Omega Man , which is based off the Matheson novel and I Am Legend follows that movie , but I have seen The Last Man on Earth , which is also based off the Matheson novel . My opinion skip this one and check out The Last Man on Earth , while flawed it 's far better than this . But again for those who enjoy Hollywood productions you 'll probably like this , but the rest will be bored at another Hollywood mishap .
 they need to change the movie name to I AM BORED !? i think that would be a better name for it . they also should kill wille smith off . and let the dog live in it
 I wo n't review the movie because this has already been done . That being said , I would give the movie 3.5 stars . What I will rate is the 2-disc `` Special Edition '' of this movie.The 1st disc is no different than the single release . It contains the theatrical version of the movie and 4 animated comics
 Have you all read the book ? Once you read it , believe me , you will all vomit after seing the movie . This darn film starts well and almost everybody will have fun watching it . But damn it ! Why did n't they stick to the novel for the TWIST ? The whole idea behind the title is this incredible twist which is a complete change of point of view ! The hero is alone battling vampires . he kills them without any remorse . You think he is justified to do so . At the end , when he is caught . You realize with him that in fact , HE IS the monster . Not them . To the vampires , he is the BOOGEY MAN . He 's been killing their vampire kids , wives and husbands for years ! To the vampires , HE IS A LEGEND ! Now , that 's the novel ! Plus , in the novel , and the later screenplays that never were used , one of the woman vampire takes a special drug in order to look more human and passes herself off as a wanderer . The hero befriends her and learns to trust her . There is hope for a romance between them . But she will betray him only to have remorse after . She will help him get away.Now , that 's all in the novel . So why have n't they kept that in the film ? ARE THEY STUPID OR WHAT ? You have all this good material and you cut it to do ... to do what ? Once you know the novel , it 's impossible to not feel sad after seing the film . Impossible . I ca n't believe the writer , the director and all of the people involved have n't once said
 I was very disappointed in this movie and I was surprised that Will Smith aggreed to star in it . It lacked credibility and it was not worth the money put into it . I think I overated it by just giving it a star . My impression it was a cheap knock off of resident evil with out as much action .
 This movie is not for animal lovers . There are sceens that JUST DONT NEED TO BE THERE . I am upset with myself for finishing this movie . If someone would have warned me I NEVER would have watched it . It left me feeling horrible all night and VERY angry ! WATCH OUT ANIMAL LOVERS !!
 If you read this book then you know that this movie has nothing to do with it . Matheson creates a character that is so three demensional that whom ever Wil Smith playing was far from it . Besides the movie not be scary at all it was mundane and just out right BORING .
 I had to send this movie back because it was not workingI Am Legend -LRB- Combo HD DVD and Standard DVD -RRB- -LSB- HD DVD -RSB-
 Do n't waste time with this movie . Lucky I did n't pay for it . The Omega Man was much better . This one was outright stupid . Will Smith ca n't act , and the bald sissys terrorizing him reminds you of an Act Up revolt . Richard Matheson 's plot was drowned by the special effects .
 IN SHORT SAVE YOUR MONEY AND YOUR TIME ... IF REALLY NEED TO SEE IT RENT IT OR BETTER YET WAIT A COUPLE OF YOURS FOR IT TO COME ON TV FOR FREE .
 Well done , smart dog . the dog act better then the rest , I think he too feel bored to go shopping for 60 mins and do nothing but just to listen all the crabs from his master . .
 I Am Legend is a virtual catalog of bad judgment.Will Smith is disastrously miscast . He is supposed to be a military doctor of international renown , burdened by grief and guilt , isolated and obsessed to the point of dementia , a helpless witness to the dying of the human race - a death he believes he could have prevented.Smith looks like a thirty-ish actor from Beverly Hills , impeccably groomed with a retinue of dieticians and personal trainers . When he talks to the German Shepherd we should see a lonely scientist on the brink of madness talking to the only companion he has left . Instead we see a successful Hollywood actor having fun with his dog.When Smith is called upon to ` act ' , he is awful . You will long for the depth and gravitas of Ben Affleck.Everything else is wrong , too . After decades of zombie movies to draw upon , you 'd expect credible monsters . After decades of apocalyptic movies , you 'd expect end-of-the-world set design and cinematography . And at the very least , a haunting score . I Am Legend falls short , by miles , on every count.The script is a godawful mess.Unless you 're a kid , avoid I Am Legend .
 Good - Will Smith , an alternate cityscape , survival . Sounded really good to me and the trailers were good . The depressing book and film were required reading/watching in Jr.High , but this adaptation is more like a summary of the book and it is n't fair to compare what special effects were available back when Charlton Heston played the role so I wo n't go there.Bad - The ending . I had hoped they would change that part of the story - I looked forward to something better than status quo and I prefer movies -LRB- and books -RRB- that leave me satisfied , not wishing I 'd stayed home and cleaned the kitchen . If you feel the same way , do n't watch this one . I heard a rumor that 2-disc version will have an alternate -LRB- happy -RRB- ending . If it does , I 'll watch it . If it does n't I wo n't ... ever .
 This movie SUCKED from about 20 minutes into it ! Went DOWNHILL fast after the dog died . We almost walked out of the theater . Really ! I have always loved Will Smith and he wo n't let you down as far as acting goes . The plot is sooooooooooooo unorigional I could have BARFED ! Do n't waste your $ on this one !
 I 'm a Will Smith fan , and this movie really sucked . Most of the movie is just him and his dog , no other people except for flashbacks . I was bored most of the time . It 's got some good suspense and in some points is pretty scary . I think I will remember the part about Bob Marley , forget the rest .
 I 'll be honest with you . I never got a chance to view the movie , because I have a regular DVD player . I was unaware that you need to have a blu-ray disc player to see the movie . In closing , I wish that there was a notation or disclaimer about this when offering the DVD for sale . It would 've saved the disappointment , return policy issues , and return shipping cost .
 How do you give the ` ultimate collector 's ' treatment to an ` ok ' sci-fi flick . There 's no big fan following for this film . It 's easily the worst adaptation of the I AM LEGEND story . Last Man On Earth is the best one and even Omega Man is more fun to watch . If you 're going to go collector 's on this , why not tie into it the short brilliant story by Matheson ... perhaps print a small version of the story as a booklet , detail the parts where the writers took from the novel , where they strayed off . Include Last Man on Earth and Omega Man as discs into the set ... make it a collector 's tribute to the I Am Legend story . This movie alone is just an ` ok ' sci-fi flick ... nothing profound or cultish about it . And in this era of great special effects , the creatures were no better than video game quality -LRB- and even sub par from that at times -RRB- . You can clearly see that the creatures and Will Smith did not occupy the same space on screen . I 'd only get an ultimate set of this if you include the short novel , Last Man on Earth and Omega Man ... the creature designs by comic legend Ron Garney AND the comic adaptation by Steve Niles as well ... then you 'd have an ultimate I Am Legend Set . Get on that asap .
 I was looking forward to this film but was very dissapointed . Slow going most of the time , rent if a fan of Will Smith .
 This movie stinks . Why would anyone want to own this . I would guess that any movie that has a cast of 1 -LRB- not including the dog and the zoombies -RRB- is facing an uphill battle.I saw it on the one day that I had a day off and the kids were in day care . And boy did I feel cheated.I give it a thumbs down .
 this movie was not all that good.i thought it will be alot betterits a waste of money
 A semi interesting Movie thats somewhat depressing and boring until bam the ending happens.Really not very interesting until the contrived ending.Nobody is in New York City except Rabid Humans and Will Smith and his Dog until much later someone hears his radio and one human comes to save the planet.Seem simple does n't it ? It was .
 If you want to watch a post-apocalyptic film , watch On the Beach . Or if you insist on action , watch one of the Mel Gibson Road Warriors . if you want energetic medical life-saving teams , watch Morgan Freeman in Outbreak . We like Will Smith a lot , but even he ca n't save this terminally awful special effects film .
 For all the hype , I had expected more . Actually , IAL is essentially a remake of `` Omega Man '' with Charleston Heston . I swear , it 's almost the same movie but with better special effects . The premise is cool but I think they could have done a lot more with the plot . Very predictable and chiche . It 's all special effects and little substance . I 'd give it 2.5 stars , if I could.Weak and disappointing . Do n't buy this movie ; wait for it to come out on T.V.Not recommended .
 why cant someone just do justice to richard matheson 's short story ... the ending to this movie sucked and distorted the entire point/moral to matheson 's story ... and where the eff was neville ? one neville scene and the story ending and everything would have been ok , sorry hollywood , you lack vision
 I read Matheson 's book prior to seeing the movie . Watching the movie , I felt like `` what story am I watching here ?! '' The ending , the girl 's role , the whole thing was changed . There was a tiny bit of the essence of Matheson 's book , but the stunning quality of I AM LEGEND is it 's ending . Why is he legend . Will Smith was awesome and he carried me through the movie . But what a disappointment overall .
 You know when you start supporting the `` zombie '' or whatever instead of the protagonist , that the movie has just gone to s % % t . There are so many elements of this film that are just way beyond absurd . ** possible spoilers ** how does he get the gas ! -LRB- for three years ?! -RRB- ElectricityDrinking waterperishable foodsManpower and know-how to build his fortified home.when that thing happens in the pier with his car , how does he get `` rescued '' ? Inplace of ridiculous flashbacks , do they actually tell how this whole thing came out to be and what Dr. neville 's role is ?? I feel that in , atleast an attempting to be pragmatic frame of mind , these points are better addressed in `` Omega Man '' and charlon heston looked the part !! . Overall , this movie was very hyped and it was just bad.Two Stars for the effects and the effort , making manhattan look like a `` green '' jungle for once was cool . : -RRB- obviously
 Plot line good , acting good , effects sucked very badly . Everything was looking good until I saw the hairless rats that were so overly the top cgi generated it looked like a pixar movie . Then it got worse from there , the villans were all cgi and you could tell they were all computer generated because nothing looked even remotely realistic about them . I have concluded that WB studios are lazy and do not care a thing about how the audience feels . When it boils down to WB movies I 've noticed where they are relying too much on CGI and none of it looks real . I made the mistake of buying this movie , and am stuck with it and the loss of $ 20.00 . So in conclusion , if there is another movie that is horror that is produced by WB I will break down and get a blockbuster card and rent it before I blow my cash on a piece of junk like this again .
 Out of the many zombie or living dead genra films in the last few years ... this one hits the bottom of the barrel . Nothing new , and barely entertaining .
 it was just SO depressing ! I am a big fan of Will Smith and will watch anything he 's in -- but if I never have to see this movie again it will be too soon ! There is just one sad event after another and really there are no `` feel good '' moments at all . I felt like I wanted to hang myself while watching the movie -- not really , but that 's just how depressing it was to watch . Props to Will Smith on an amazing performance -- the only good thing about the movie , taking out all other content.Don ' t waste 2 hours of your life on this movie ...
