 This guy does n't have the foggiest clue how to be a good manager . For those of us that have worked for this horrible individual -LRB- who was fired fom his last railroad job -RRB- I say `` SAVE YOUR MONEY '' . This is one of the biggest goofballs of all time !!! Ask anyone that has ever worked for him . You 'll get the same response . He might as well have written a book about space travel or extra-terrestrials . He knows as much about that as he does good management .
 This is a good academic review of nonprofit integrations . But it focuses too much on larger NGOs . Somewhat dry , it could benefit from conversational appraisals by those actually involved in these alliances . For better insight , try Strategic Planning for Nonprofit Corporations , Second Edition .
 This book title is misleading because it does not reveal any practices of the Yoruba Traditional Healers . It is also way too expensive . It is scantily written and full of rhetoric ; `` a type or mode of language or speech ; also , insincere or grandiloquent language '' -LRB- Marriam-Webster ,2012 -RRB- .
 Well , in one stroke of his pen , Van belle has lowered the bar for political writing everywhere . Vanbelle sent the foreign policy establishment in a stir earlier this year w / his publication of press yaddah yaddah ... The impact of this book could be felt in toilet stalls around the globe as veterans of the beltway summarily wiped themselves and then proceeded to flush . From the compelling thesis which reconfirms the groundbreaking work of little known tautology expert Raymond Nixon circa 1960 , to the novel 's anticlimactic finish , one ca n't help but get goosebumps in awe of van belle 's intellectual prowess . Those seven years of undergraduate work really paid off ! I do n't know where van belle gets his drugs from but I 'd really like to get the name of his dealer .
 I found this book to be about as informative as a cereal box label . No , scratch that -- a cereal box label has much more in-depth analysis . Are there any original , thought-provoking ideas in this work ? The answer
 i really hate this book i need it for class so i had to get it so i had to buy it
 I do not now why European customers need to pay more than US customers for a product without any pictures?It would be a very great product if it would contain pictures , but this is a joke . Why amazon is treatingnot US customers like this ? I have been contacting the online support , but there did give me no answers aboutwhy pictures are not available and about when pictures might be available in the future . That is not a good service ...
 It 's a shame that there are no pictures available outside U.S. . It is totally not understandable why people outside the U.S. have to pay the same but do n't get pictures for the newspaper . And it doesnt seems that it will be available soon -LRB- see other review a year ago -RRB- . Save the money and buy the pdf version ...
 The product is great but why is it not on amazon.co.uk ? Since I migrated my account to . co.uk I can not buy this anymore - please change this as it makes no sense .
 The FAZ is a good choice if you 're interested in Germany 's major conservative daily newspaper . Those who prefer a liberal or even centrist perspective should wait for the S&uuml;ddeutsche Zeitung or the weekly Die Zeit , both of which will hopefully be available through Kindle soon .
 Die FAZ ist eine Institution , keine Frage , eine Zeitung von internationlem Rang.Auch die Implementierung f&uuml;r kindle ist vollkommen in Ordnung.Was sich mir aber &uuml;berhaupt nicht erschliesst ist die internationale Preispolitik.Warum kostet die elektronische FAZ im amerikanischen kindle Store einen Bruchteil der ansonsten vollkommen identischen Ausgabe im deutschen Store?Mit dieser Preisgestaltung werde ich sicherlich so schnell keine FAZ mehr f&uuml;r den kindle herunterladen . Schade eigentlich ... Qualit&auml;t
 I teach college level German literature and I like to see from time to time what the conservative slant is in Germany ; however , I 've NEVER been able to buy the single-time Sunday edition . Every time I buy the FAZ on Sunday , it gives me Saturday 's paper . Was soll 's ? I 've stopped buying it at all now .
 I was more than excited about using the KINDLE here in Berlin . I 'd love to get rid of my current newspaper subscription and finally get the FAZ online and read it while commuting , besides some US newspapers . Now I read the small print and it tells me that no images and photos are delivered outside the US . Dear AMAZON - I spent a lot of money buying from you . And I do not care if AT&T ; has to pay any roaming fees for the 3G access of the KINDLE outside the US . I care about a 100 % working product as advertised , and you really disappointed me here on a big scale . So let us wait for that Apple tablet and see if they can deliver a working international product.Jan Fuellemann .
 This review is not from the perspective of the US Kindle user that does n't have access to the printed FAZ or a reviewer that wants to talk about the quality of FAZ as a newspaper but from a German FAZ reader that wanted to switch from the classical paper issue to the Kindle version . Unfortunately , this switch did n't work out and it 's not because the Kindle lacks whatever quality other reviewers miss but simply because FAZ does a very poor job delivering the newspaper .1 -RRB- All pictures are missing . The Kindle can display b/w pictures quite well and they are important even for a serious newspaper . I really miss them -LRB- esp . when the article refers to the picture `` above '' -RRB- .2 -RRB- There is no hyphenation . You simply can not print German with its compound nouns on a narrow screen without hyphenation . It looks terrible and is unpleasant to read .3 -RRB- A nice thing about a classical size newspaper is that you can quickly skim over articles and look for interesting stuff . There must be a way to implement this on the Kindle . Right now the navigation is too primitive .4 -RRB- FAZ like all newspapers print many editions per night , starting at 18:00 CET with the first one that gets delivered to foreign countries . The last one -LRB- often after midnight -RRB- is then distributed locally in Frankfurt . They can be identical but often the 18:00 CET edition 's headline is `` Close run in xyz elections '' while the midnight edition 's headline would be `` Party xyz wins elections '' . I understand that being remote , I can not expect to get the midnight edition a couple of hours later . However , as a Kindle user I do expect to get the first edition and all subsequent updates . FAZ on my Kindle is older than the FAZ on paper that gets delivered to my door or the FAZ I can buy in the store next corner . For an electronic device with builtin wireless , that 's a shame.All in all I am disappointed and I hope that FAZ will improve their Kindle edition so that I can give it another try .
 Receiving my Kindle I was really looking forward to get one of the praised newspapers subscriptions.Would be just so convenient.First little surprise was the fact that there are barely European ones available.So , I took the test subscription from the FAZ since I really like the newspaper itself.But onces I was accidentally not logged in to Amazon but just checking the US store I found that US subscription is half the prize.Are you ****** kidding ? Please , why should I pay here in Europe the double price for a European newspaper ? And please dont argue with 3G prices . Either you offer a suitable system with comparable prices for Europe or you just sell here the wifi-model and drop 3G possibility.Deeply disappointed ...
 U.S. customers get a decent product here - all the paper for $ 15/mo . Non U.S. customers get the paper minus all images and graphics , for $ 30/mo . If my Kindle is wi-fi only , how does that make any sense?There is no cost for delivering graphics over the internet to any country.This pricing/content offering is downright insulting.I will wait for Amazon to come to their senses .
 Worst Book Ever !!! Far below the expected excellance of Nora . Not worth 5 cents let alone $ 5 + . Nora is a great writer and these stories are just beneath her . If I could I would n't even give this book 1 star .
 My mother lent me this book , she thought I 'd enjoy . HA ! it was the worst load of garbage . If this was her early work she should have left in the box ! Is she hard up for cash ? The plotlines were all begged , borrowed , and stolen . The characters were square -LRB- which means not developed roundly -RRB- . The sex scenes were overplayed or underplayed depending on how you tumble . Her male voices were lacking . She could n't even find new names for the characters - had to borrow them from other authors . I have never read any of her other books and now I certainly never will . I 'm told she is a very good writer , so should n't she have known better than to publish this drivel ? My brain/senses need -LRB- s -RRB- a day of bad television to wash the haunting memories of a bad book away . Even Matlock reruns would be better ! I know that sounds harsh , but gosh , this book was really truly horrible !
 I do n't always review books I read unless they are really good or I do n't think they live up to their other reviews . The latter is the case w / this book . To be quite honest , I just never really cared about these characters . Actually , I 'm still trying to force myself to finish it . The story line was just okay too . I do n't know what made anyone give this more than a 3 star at the most . I have read two other books by her , Morning Glory and The Endearment . They were both very good . This was just okay . I almost gave it a one star , but I did n't exactly hate it either . I just did n't like it very much . Personally , I would n't waste your money or time on this one .
 Wow i could not believe how perfect the main female character was in this story . She could clean to perfection , cook exceptionally well , decorate homes and offices , didnt need much sleep , could perform vet tech . help during surgery -LRB- without training no less -RRB- , and was a marvel with all animals . I must admit that Saint Laura is ... well I just have no words for this character.STAY AWAY unless you want to be bored to absolute tears .
 Mixed feelings on this one . I read it on Kindle , after coming across it on several List-mania recommendations.Just an okay read . Disappointing . Fairly boring and predictable . I 'd give it 3 stars if it were shorter , without all the filler scenes.I liked the idea of a heroine -LRB- Laura -RRB- who struggles with aphasia due to a diving accident , limiting her speech , language and verbal memory . Kudos to the author for including such an interesting and unique lead character.However , Anderson was inconsistent in her treatment of the aphasia issue . It 's a challenge to write dialogue for a person with a language impairment , but having taken that challenge , it 's important to do it right.Nonetheless , I appreciated the aphasia dynamic . It added a lot to the story ! : - -RRB- I liked Laura and Isaiah . I was rooting for Laura , and happy to see her learn the ropes of a new job . I liked the setting , the veterinary clinic . I liked many of the coworkers at the clinic , and all the animals.I liked Isaiah , too . Glad to see Isaiah get fed . Ha , ha ! Why do I like this in books ? I do n't know , but I am drawn to stories where hungry guys get a good meal . Glad that Isaiah believed in Laura 's innocence , despite the evidence.But the story went on and on . At 432 pages , I expect a complex plot , an epic adventure , or a sweeping love story . Not so . This was a mundane plot . Should be only 300 pages , in my view . Predictable , too . No spoilers , but I predicted `` who dun it '' early on.Liked the Coulter family , including the warm-hearted matriarch , Mary Coulter.Did NOT appreciate all the religious swear words . More than a dozen occurrences of Christ or Jesus as expletives or intensifiers . More than 50 of Oh God . It offends , plus it did not fit the warm family feel of the rest of the book or the characters.And , I 'm sorry to say ... the sex scenes were boring . They just did nothing for me . Not sure why , either.Not worth all the hype , in my view .
 This book was n't to my taste . Not funny enough , and I did n't like the charters enough to want to know them . Made it to the end and it is not a keeper .
 Oh my ! I did n't like the book because I did n't like ANY of the characters in the book , not the main characters , their friends , children or other relatives . Also the storyline was very convoluted . I am so so glad I borrowed this book from the library .
 Growing up in a society where men are rare and treated as stud commodity , Jerin Whistler , launches a turn of events when he mutually falls in love with a princess during a rescue.Considering how intrigued I was with it 's description , I thought I 'd give A Brother 's Price a try after seeing the positive responses to it . First of all , I 'll be honest , as disorienting as this book was , it really got me thinking of the subconscious way our society has accept the subjective natures of defining roles to our gender . Why is it taken for granted for males to be in the military , the clergy , or in leadership roles ? The gender reversal was something that , in true science fiction fashion , was used to reflect the problems of our society in an alternate setting.However , minus this gender `` twist '' , the plot itself falls far short of engaging . Specifically , if it was n't for this reversal of roles , this plot could easily come from any generic story in the romance section . Protagonist rescues royalty and falls in love/need to overcome noble opposition to win hand in marriage/uncovers a plot that threatens to destablize the Kingdom -LRB- or in this case Queensland -RRB- . Unfortunatly , all this `` suspense '' that 's built up from the book description turns to be for the most part non-crucial events . In additon , however admirable the social message of the book is , it does n't help the story if it 's used in such a blunt manner . Do they need to constantly emphasize Jerin 's femininity to the point that he 's basically the female streotype of the romance novels ? Also , why is this society the way it is ? Where 's the rational ? Are they from Earth -LRB- thus the use of words like Stetson or k ` lamor -RRB- or is this an alternate universe ? What is it about this book , other than the reversed roles , that makes this science fiction/fantasy ? Where other books seem to use this situation with deftness to help enliven the plot for a potent story , it 's feels like this book used a standard plot to help advance the setting instead .
 I have to say that this book surprised me . Unless I missed something , the blurb on the jacket , which is different from that on Amazon , barely hints at what this story is really about.Much like others have pointed out , this is a romance novel . Except in this novel the docile beauty being dominated and seduced is a man . In this alternative universe men are few and far between , do all the women 's work , and are made to `` service '' anywhere from a handful to 30 women who are all sisters coming from the same family . At every turn we are reminded if anyone should get their hands on a stray husband or unattached man , then they 're surely going to get raped . * rolls eyes * I ca n't say I did n't enjoy this book because it 's total fanservice . Spencer is giving women what she thinkgs we all want - a twist on the old romance genre that will kick things up a notch . And it does , however there are more holes left open than in any romance novel I 've ever read , and this one is just as forgettable -LRB- if not more so -RRB- . I opened this book hoping for a stand alone fantasy novel that might actually leave me going , `` wow , what a great read . '' Instead it 's a fast read that while well structured , could have used a lot of development . It 's as contrived as all romance novels , but had Spencer maybe added an extra hundred , two-hundred pages , then this could have added some dimension to the novel where I could instead say , `` what an awesome romance novel `` A fun read , but it is what it is and I ca n't rate it higher than that .
 This book purports to be science fiction , but it 's really a romance novel . I also could n't help reading it with a jaundiced feminist eye.For some reason , this society is a matriarchy . For some reason , male children are rare , so groups of sisters share one husband . When they have a brother , they can sell him or trade him to another family so they can get themselves a husband . They keep men in hiding , protected , and they veil themselves in public on the extremely rare occasions they venture forth . There 's probably some sort of parallel to be drawn with older Islamic customs , only backwards . And it 's not really feminist , because they still treat men like gods , though the men do all the `` women 's work , '' like cooking and raising babies.Anyway . The setting is very Wild West
 When I first picked up this book I had been wanting it for a while . The reviews had been good and the back cover made it sound interesting . However , I was sorely disappointed.The cover of the book made it appear that men played some type of role in society other than that of homemaker as it featured Jerin rescueing the princess . I started the book expecting the males to still be largely masculine , and I was shocked . Jerin was basically a woman in a man 's body . He was n't even a modern woman , more of a medieval one . He was completely helpless , seducable , and while he longed for things to change or happen , he seemed to nearly never actually do anything himself . He relied of women the entire time , and was much to feminine for me to take any liking to him.My dislike of the main character basically ruined the rest of the book for me , but I still managed to have enough disgust left over to find the repeated incest going on in Spencer 's world offensive . A young man is impregnating his mother and aunts , and another his sister/cousin . Everyone was horrified , bu the fact that there were two intances seemed to imply that incestuous behavior , while frowned upon , was not exactly uncommon.Too much time is devoted to what becomes secondary events in the book , like Jaren stressing constantly over his virtue . Also , the plot in completely generic , the only original point being the male/female role reversal . As soon as the princesses entered the picture I knew immedietly that Jaren was going to end up married to them and that all would be well in the end . There was no tradgedy to give the book more realism . Everything worked out just fine in the end , and it was completely unbelievable.All in all , the only thing that prevented my from giving the book one star was the writing , which I recall as being good , the the total horribleness of everything else about the book has washed the details from my mind.If you are thinking about buying this book , dont . It is not worth your money to even pick it up from the library and risk late fee .
 Ms Spencer proved to the world she could write with the Ukiah Oregon novels . They were well written , fast-paced adventure with some original twists.What do we have here is instead the n-th role reversal romance written by a woman.There must be upward of fifty novels based on the same kind of role reversal idea which ceased to be a novelty at least fifteen years ago . Ms Spencer must have thought it would have been interesting only because she wrote it , but this was wishful thinking ... Take a world where men are studs traded for , throw in a dash of soggy romance , add some cardboard dialogues and you obtain this book.Had Ms Spencer written this when she was 14 , one would have thought that she might have , eventually , developed some writing skills . But now ? After the Ukiah Oregon stories ? Definitely not recommended , both to readers of the Pack adventures and to thos who have never read her books.The former would be very disappointed , the latter would wonder why such a fuss for what is essentially a little juvenile romance for , at best , young adults ...
 `` A Brother 's Price '' is a commentary on gender roles - the 4 and 5 star reviews will add adjectives like insightful , wonderful and awesome . The setting is a medieval kingdom ruled by monarchy , and the technology level that of the Old West . `` A Brother 's Price '' is predicated upon the potentially interesting premise that women outnumber men by approximately 25 to one . `` A Brother 's Price '' opens with a young man , Jerid , who has 28 sisters , three younger brothers , and around a dozen mothers . His mothers and older sisters are off on vacation , most of his middle aged sisters are off visiting neighbors , and his father and grandmothers are all dead . Jerid is preparing dinner for everyone , while simultaneously looking after a dozen or so little ones -- taking care of young children is men 's work . The farm is attacked , so Jerid and his younger brothers hide -- they are too valuable to risk in a fight . His younger sisters pick up guns to defend the farm . After the immediate threat is over , Jerid `` bravely '' helps his armed sisters carry a wounded stranger into the house . Jerid frets this entire time about the group of 30 rather repulsive women living next door . His sisters will likely sell Jerid to these women to be their husband . The wounded stranger turns out to be a princess . One of her sister princesses comes to find her , accompanied by a dozen or so guards -LRB- female , of course -RRB- . Jerid hides in the kitchen and makes dinner for everyone , then goes to bed . Later that night , Jerid goes to the kitchen for a snack , meets one of the princesses , and turns all giggly . The plot continues along these lines -- mellodramatic & stereotypical.As entertainment , I found `` A Brother 's Price '' rather dull . The author simply has the men all act like vapid ladies ; has the women act like male chauvinists ; substitutes each woman with a group of women ; and has the society systematically subjugate men in every way imaginable . This might make for an insightful social commentary , but it makes for quite the dull fantasy novel . I expected the author to develop an imaginative world quite different from our own , but alas no . I also found the society rather insulting to women.To be fair , Spencer crafts pretty good dialog , and the writing style is easy to read . The characters do n't have much depth but are internally consistent . The society has a few intersting touches , most stemming from sisters staying together their whole lives . If you do n't mind the author 's message , `` A Brother 's Price '' might provide light entertainment , similar to what you would expect out of a cheap romance novel .
 I have really enjoyed Wen 's previous books , wonderfully written and with engaging characters and twisty plot lines . This new book , however , strikes me as written more for the young readers , especially teens . My main question remained unanswered - why do women outnumber men by 25-1 . Genetic flaws , disease , drugs gone bad . Also , sorry , but it leaves out plain human nature , especially that of most men . They tend to be dominate , not to be dominated , no matter how they might be raised . Also , I do n't see the men who might otherwise be wonderful engineers , builders , writers , etc. , not allowed to express their inate abilities . If this is the beginning of a new series , there will probably be a revolt by the men somewhere in the future . Most slaves eventually do , one way or the other.It was actually a somewhat insipid book . I finished it , but probably wo n't read any other in a proposed series . Fun reading for teenagers , though , and perhaps making an impact on young male teens , though I do n't think many of them would willingly read this.No , just not a very believable premise
 With 2 simple changes - changing the genders back , and setting the book in , say , the Mideast - this book would be a below average historical romance aimed at the younger reader . It 's basically set in the old west , so it does n't qualify as sci-fi . The only `` fantastic '' premise is that males are biologically rare , and some of the social implications of that , and even those are n't earth shattering . Given the creativity of some of the author 's other books , this book is all the more disappointing . One can only hope they do n't plan to make this a series .
 I 've read other books by this author and was quite disappointed with this book .
 This was perhaps the GAY-est hero ever written . Not that there 's anything wrong with that . He 's written as a Beau Brummell-esque character , a leading arbiter of fashion but in light of all the `` intrigue '' and `` suspense '' the author has him dealing with , comes off as slightly ludicrous instead of hot . I mean at one point he actually shivers in dread . That 's right
 The story , at first , was off at a great start . I really liked how Maggie was slowly beginning to come to accept her grief and grow from it . At times , she felt one dimensional becaus eo fhte hatred she felt toward her mom . For crying out loud , she 's nearly fourty . I think the least she could do is voice out her feelings instead of saying ` oh my mother is jealous of me ... blah ... blah . . blah ... `` Anyway , for Eric , his marriage unravel way too fast . I mean , in less than half a year and already he 's dissatisfied with his 18yr marriage ? I do n't know ... it just seems to move way too quickly.Also , both of the characters are not teenagers . They 're adults and therefore should be more sensible . She knows that he 's married . He knows that he 's married . He sleeps with her then sleeps with his wife . That kind of sh.t is kind of a no-no . The whole making a mistake like that but still having everything is okay is not really life.Anyway , this book is a disappointing . I had great expectation before the whole cheating thing . It 's rather tasteless .
 I 'm beginning to realize just how many LS novels I dislike . But for those I do like , they 're top notch.Maggie 's affair with Eric was flat out wrong . There 's no way around that fact . I really did n't expect the entire book to based around it . Eric 's wife Nancy was n't much better herself in that regard , but she should n't have been villified for wanting a career and NOT wanting children.Once again , LS came close to turning the male hero into a wimp . Nothing wrong with a guy cooking dinner , but for some reason , the scene with Eric making the cornish hens for dinner with Nancy did n't sit well . He was too wimpy.Maggie 's teenage daughter 's behavior seemed typical ; the girl DID have a point , did n't she ? She was appalled and embarrassed the whole town knew her mother was having an affair with a married man .
 I ca n't believe how many good reviews this book received . It was an insult to any woman living in our modern world . Eric and Maggie have an affair and that is just fine . But Nancy is supposed to be evil because she is attractive , has a career she enjoys , and does n't want to sit at home and pop out babies . And Katy is depicted as a brat because her mother uproots her entire life and she dares to say how she feels . Another thing ... abortion , and Ms. Spencer 's views on it ... has no place in a romance novel . This novel did nothing but annoy me and turn me off of reading anything else written by Lyvyrle Spencer .
 I 'm not sure how you can spin a story about adultery into a love story , former high school sweethearts -LRB- Eric Severson -RRB- meet up again when Maggie Pearson moves back to her hometown following the death of her husband.With the insurance money from the payout from her husband death , she decides to open a business there in Door after she attends a wedding reception.Eric while married to the beautiful -LRB- I mention the beautiful part because that seems to be her only redeeming quality -RRB- Nancy who is the definition of the working woman , who does not want a family and seems not to like the one that came with Eric either -LRB- Mon and Brother -RRB- . This is my opinion of Bittersweet , the story about two selfish people who do not care who they hurt , so as long as they get to be with each other , not sure how Maggie did n't know feel like the back up plan to a man who seems to only want kids to full fill his manhood.Maggie rags on her daughter Katy , when she is confronted on her affair with Eric and some how turns it around on Katy about being judgmental.Yeah being judgmental about sleeping with a married man , how classy is that.If you are unhappy in your marriage you do n't wait for the plan B the Back Up Plan -LRB- Maggie -RRB- to come strolling alone you either fix your marriage or you leave , unlike Eric who waited for some one to grant him his dreams in order to leave.Wow how manly is that the other woman/crutch .
 The character in Bitter Sweet whom I liked most was Katy . I like a romance novel but of all the major characters , Katy was the only one who disapproved of her mother having an affair with , and getting pregnant by , a married man . Basically , she is the only one with any real sense . Of course , at the end , she assumes a `` if you ca n't beat 'em , join 'em attitude '' because she loves her mom . Rekindling a high school romance is always a good story , but I would have liked the story , and the characters , much better if both Maggie and Eric were bereaved spouses . The soon-to-be-ex-wife in all these stories-Nancy , in this case-is always portrayed as an ice queen who destroyed her marriage because she had a career , not because her husband was sleeping with another woman . I can understand why Roy walked out on Vera , but we are supposed to sympathize with Maggie and Eric , whose relationship is built primarily on sex-and shake our heads at stubborn , deluded Katy , who rightly disapproves of her mother 's behavior . Katy is far from a perfect daughter , but we are not permitted to sympathize with the fact that she has recently lost her father , and consequently watches her mother sell the house , move to Wisconsin , and start an affair with a married man , within a matter of months , and Katy is just supposed to cheer and say , `` Way to go , Mom ! '' I do n't think so . Having seen a close friend in such a situation myself , I know how that hurts and so I can identify more with her than with Eric and Maggie , who find sexual fulfillment first , and actual love later . It would be interesting to see a sequel in which Katy starts an affair with a married man and see how her mom and stepfather react to that . Now , I do n't think Katy should have boycotted the wedding because Maggie was still her mom , but there is no reason in the world why she should have to think this whole thing was just terrific . I guess I 'm one of the few people left on the planet that feels adultery is still sordid and wrong , and whether the two mai ! n characters were in love or not , that 's what it was all about .
 I live near Door County and have alway enjoyed my once-a-year week in the Door . Reading the book , I did n't have trouble working out in my mind just what was located where -LRB- I like to nail down these details -RRB- . LaVyrle Spencer has a way of reaching the average American woman - that 's why her books are so successful . But I look for characters with a little more depth . Also , Spenser 's pattern of writing is very predictable . She uses lots of parallel structure - almost too much . But I still enjoyed the book - in factl the first time I read it , I could n't put it down . I 've read a few more of her books , but I just ca n't wax dramatically about them . I need a meatier story and Spenser doens ' t provide one .
 I enjoy a good romance novel as much as the next person and I do n't think one need feel apologetic about reading them . I 've read several of Spencer 's books and have enjoyed them . However , I found this one intolerable . How can I feel the sense of escape , comfort and romance that I hope for when reading this kind of book when the major plot turns upon an extramarital affair ? Like some other reviewers , I thought the portrayals of Nancy and Katy were disturbing ; Nancy is depicted as such a bitter cold shrew -LRB- because she likes her job and has the self-awareness to know she would n't be a good parent -RRB- that she `` deserves '' to lose her husband . Katy is a selfish , rigid and unloving brat because she believes in obscure moral tenets such as `` do n't sleep with married men . `` The novel does feature lovely descriptions of Door Country and some engaging humorous moments . Overall , though , I ca n't recommend this book at all .
 This book is an insult to women everywhere . First of all , why on earth did Eric stay married for eighteen years , waiting for Nancy to change , instead of finding out what her views on child care and giving up her career were BEFORE he married her ? Second , I find it interesting that he automatically assumes that he has the right to stay in the town he loves doing the work he loves , yet assumes that Nancy should be willing to give up both ? Third , having Nancy be unfaithful is an insult to career women who love their jobs and their children - in fact , her whole character was . I ca n't believe that a classy woman like Maggie would be dumb enough to fall for a jerk like Eric , nor does Maggie 's lack of sympathy with Katy really resonate . Here 's a young woman who loses her father , yet she 's expected to put a happy face on it when her mother sells the house the minute she leaves for school , has an affair with a married man AND gets pregnant ? The whole book did not resonate with me at all - the only characters I like were Roy , Anna , and Mike . This book almost put me off LaVyrle Spencer for life . A real disappointment .
 This book disturbed me at so many levels . First , I read romance novels to escape reality and realistic situations . I dont need books that deal with so-called `` complex human emotions '' . This book was about adultary and its justification . I have seen so many situations where men and women walk out of enduring marriages -LRB- even when they have kids -RRB- because the couple has `` grown apart '' . . if that is an excuse to divorce or have an extra-marital affair , why marry at all knowing that we are all likely to become different than what we started out as being . I really didnt see the hero Eric try hard at saving his marrige , let alone give some indication to his wife , Nancy , that his marriage was in real trouble . The second thing that bothered me was what bothered a lot of other reviewers . Nancy didnt want children because she wanted a career . She doesnt sound any different from many other men who are so driven by career that it consumes them . Is that a reason to paint her as a villain ? If you are an independent woman , with a career that gives you as much emotional satisfaction as a marriage , then DO NOT read this book . And heaven forbid if you even decide to have an abortion!I landed up sympathizing with Nancy -LRB- who the author tried very hard to paint as a bitch -RRB- , the heroine -LRB- Maggie 's -RRB- daughter who is rightly mortified by her mother 's behavior , and even Maggie 's mother Vera whose marriage was destroyed -LRB- even unintentionally -RRB- by Maggie . I hated Maggie . What kind of a woman resents her daughter 's presence in her house because she cant carry on her trysts with Eric -RRB- , and what kind of a woman hates her mom simply because she rightly questions her moral judgement . In the end , Maggie -- who has caused two marriages to break -- gets a very happy ending . Her baby , a wimpy husband who will of course now fully turn out to support her business because she will be there for the kid and not hire a nanny , and of course her daughter , who dared to question to her mother 's behavior . If tomorrow , her daughter got dumped , who will Maggie side with ? will she be `` understanding '' ? Most disturbing of all was the fact this regressive book was embraced by so many readers . Anything can be justified , I suppose , if written eloquently , even an extra marital affair that can lead to so many complications . This is the first book of Spencer I read and will be my last . I happened to pick up Bygones -LRB- as it was next to this book in the library -RRB- , and it looks like that book too talks eloquently about `` forgiveness '' and such . I am skipping it and had enough of this author .
 I was at the library when a woman who was standing at the romance section grabbed this off the shelf & encouraged me to read it because it was so wonderful . I started it and realized I had read it years earlier . I remembered it well because of my extreme negative reaction to it . First off , I NEVER read a book condoning adultery . There is no excuse for betraying the trust that a spouse places in you -- I do n't care why . After a divorce is one thing , during the marriage is another . I also hate how society seems to think an affair for a guy is one thing and an affair for a woman is totally another . When Eric has an affair with Maggie , I lost all respect for him . When it turns out that Nancy is having an affair , somehow that 's supposed to be way worse than Eric 's affair . Huh ? Maggie gets pregnant & rejects her first child because of her love for Eric . Huh ? What parent would turn their back on their child at a time when they are emotionally destroyed because of the loss of a parent ? I have children & can tell you that no lover of mine would ever come within a million miles of my children 's need for me . This part of the book is totally off base . My biggest complaint with this book is its ringing endorsement of the little woman who wanted to stay home & be the happy housewife while condemning and villifying the career woman who is up front about not wanting children & enjoying her career . Women do not have to be broody hens to be complete as women . I know many women who did not want to have children of their own , but do much to mentor and care for other children through family connections , their careers , and volunteering in the community . This is not the 1800 's and women have many more options than they used to . This book reminds me of the awful romance novels my grandma used to read in the early 70 's with nurses marrying doctors or secretaries marrying the boss & then quitting their jobs to be homemakers -- ick ! Give me a torrid contemporary romance any day with a sassy heroine & a modern hero . This book is just one big ick .
 Right up front I 'll say I did n't finish this book . I was so upset that Ms. Spencer could write a `` Romance '' that included and condoned adultery and turning your back on your own daughter that I could not finish the book . In the past I have read several other books by this author and enjoyed them , but next time I pick up a book by her I will research the subject before purchase .
 I Love Catherine Anderson 's writing style and the different angles of love that she is able to write about , but this one was just a boring read . Nathalie is recently divorced with 2 kids and Zeke is the neighbor whose home was vandalized by Nathalie 's son . Zeke agrees to let Chad , her son , work of the debt and soon enough they fall in love.This book just did n't do it for me . Zeke was boring and so was Nathalie . There was no depth to their characters , I just felt like they went through the motions and Zeke was a bit too perfect to me . Pretty easy read , but if you are used to Catherine 's Coulter novels , do n't expect too much . The secondary characters were really just flat and even some of the dialogue with the Coulter family didn ' seem as interesting as they usually are.As a Coulter family fan I still would recommend reading it as part of the series .
 I normally absolutely love the Coulter series . Of the 8 there are , this one I could n't even finish . I really did n't like the extra characters . I felt disgusted reading about overly slutty Valerie and drunk and dirty Grandpa . I thought Catherine painted a very low `` white trash '' picture of Natalie . Neither did I like the whole murder mystery angle . I know Catherine usually does the mystery thing very well , but the feel of the entire book was off . So , I guess I am one of very few people who did not like this book . ALL of the other ones have earned a place on my favorites list , and Catherine is still one of my favorites too . Was hoping for better , I guess .
 This book is way too unrealistic . Very dry at places and the humor was just nonexistent . I 'm giving this 2 stars because i normally like this author .
 This was one of those books I kept reading just waiting for it to `` get good '' . Well , I just finished the last page and it never did . Too bad , it had potential ... I really wanted to like it!I was on the ice a few years before the author and got a very occasional chuckle from events that I recall happening but overall this book was more fluff than actual story.Less dialogue and more story would have made the book move along faster . There was so much conversation that significant parts of the story were left hanging . What happened with Clarry 's new found love interest?I can not recall the last time it took me 3 weeks to get through a 260-page book .
 I was really looking forward to this story - what a great premise - to relocate to Antarctica after being dumped to get a new lease on life.Clarissa has been with Kieran for eight years . On the night she assumes he is going to propose , he instead dumps her . Out of her home , with no job , she moves back with her folks until she and her 2 friends come up with the idea to move to Antarctica to start over.There were a couple parts of the book that were hilarious - particularly the necessities that they packed , and all the mistakes Clarissa made . But there were far too many extended conversations among the three , and I just could not get into the dialogue - as it droned on and on . There were so many other areas that could have been further expanded on , particularly the post-Kieran relationship with Mitchell , and perhaps some background on why she stayed with him so long in the first place.I was really disappointed in the story . In the right hands , it could have been so much better .
 I just can not agree with the previous reviewers about the quality of this books . Liz Maverick boggles down her characters in so much boring detail that I get to a point where I just do n't care about what happens to any of them.Sure , this is chick lit , but there is so little action going on and so much blah , blah its not worth the price of the book . If you like pages and pages of detail this is the book for you . Otherwise , do n't bother.This is a pass .
 Trade PB/I 've read Maverick 's futuristic fantasy & fantasy books and I really enjoyed most of them . This one did not have any guts to it . There was no real plot
 Ever been dumped by your boyfriend and decide to brave Antarctica with your two best friends ? I know I have n't , so I was intrigued by the story premise enough to pick up a copy of this book.Clarissa Schneckberg , our main heroine , had just given her notice to her company that she was going to quit and become a homemaker . After all , she was positive that her boyfriend Kieran was about to propose . Instead , Kieran ends up giving her the old heave-ho , insisting that he wanted to see other people . Clarissa is devastated , and decides to head for Antarctica with her two best friends Kate and Delilah.Antarctica turns out to be not quite as easy as Clarissa had hoped . It is downright freezing , she seems to be making ridiculous mistakes , and she just wants to go home . Will things get any better for her ? Will the handsome Mitch step in and welcome her with open arms ? Will the three girls ever make it in such rough terrain ? Find out by reading the book!I 'm usually intrigued with a far-fetched story line in a chick lit novel if it 's done right , but unfortunately this novel did n't really leave much of a good impression . Too much detail was given to the characters , but not near enough to the story or setting . I found myself a bit bored and annoyed through most of the novel . I had been hoping for an interesting portrayal of Antarctica at the very least , but I did n't even get that . -LRB- Granted , there were some descriptions , but they were n't near enough -RRB- . The characters were endearing though - I did like Clarissa and her friends.Overall , I 'd have to sum up this novel as being generally boring with lackluster storytelling . It certainly has a cute and eye-catching enough cover , but unfortunately what is inside does n't measure up .
 It was very hard to get into this book because the premise of three young women leaving Northern California does not seem plausible as they go on their adventures . The writing was stiff and I put it down after 2 chapters ... luckily it was a loan from a friend !!
 Trite , pretty much sums up my feelings for this book . Kelson 's saga deserves better ... I got the distinct impression the author is tired of her character and wanted to tie up loose ends and be done with him . Kelson is my favorite character in the Deryni universe and I will continue to revisit the earlier novels , but not `` King Kelson 's Bride '' .
 Another boring book ! And I thought the last one was boring ! I should have waited for this one to come out in paperback - after all , if I 've waited , what , 8-10 years since the last one , I could surely have waited another year for this one.There is little real action in this book , and very little of Deryni capabilities . Mostly the book has detailed descriptions of castles or land or other frivolities - I skipped pages of that sort of stuff - and little character interaction.It also ties everything up in pretty wrapping paper and a big bow . Come on , life is not like that ! Even in fairy tales someone loses , and in this book no one loses , everyone ends up with what they want.It took me 4 hours to read this book . Course , it took me 4 hours to read the last one too .
 Having read all the previous Deryni books , I pre-ordered this one months in advance . I could hardly contain my excitement when it actually arrived , only to be severely disappointed . All the previous stories have been about the Deryni-human conflict . The struggle for survival , the often-tragic outcomes made for gripping reading.In this story nothing much happens . It starts with a discussion of all the prospective brides for King Kelson . This discussion is repeated about 6 or 7 times throughout the book . Then there are discussions about other peoples marriage plans , about how to restore Conal 's two -LRB- one legitimate , one not -RRB- children to their rightful place in court and who will receive which noble title . This too is told again and again . Repetition!It seems that Ms. Kurtz wanted to have a happy conclusion for everybody . Liam , the 14-year-old prince of Torenth is returned to his country to become king despite his plotting brothers . Kelson 's mother , Jehana starts to come round to the idea that being a Deryni is not sinful . And Kelson comes round to the idea that he will love the woman whom he is going to marry . That is the whole story ! Bored me to tears!All the goodies survive -LRB- most unusual for K. Kurtz -RRB- and all the badies die , save one . I suppose this is just in case Ms. Kurtz decides to write another novel . If she does , she must try a good deal harder . If I were to rate her previous books , I would give them each 4 or 5 stars . One is enough for this one.I think that Ms. Kurtz had written about two chapters and then decided to call it a book . She then simply copyied and pasted whole paragraphs , changed the wording slightly and then knitted the bits together with endless descriptions of the countryside , what people are wearing and other non-events . Only devout Deryni fans will manage to finish reading this book . Moreover , knowing how fascinating her previous stories were , they will be even more disappointed because it is so repetitive and boring !
 It 's been a few years since I eagerly bought this book and read it , but it still leaves a bad taste in my mouth . I 've been a devoted Kurtz fan since the early 80 's when an Army buddy gave me a copy of Deryni Rising and told me to read it , I read the book in one night!This book left much to be desired , not enough Morgan for my taste and seemsed so wishy washy ... not up to her usually high work standard!I so wish she would go back and re-write this book , it just seemed so rushed and lacking the magic ... FORGIVE ME KATHERINE !!!!
 I love the Deryni series , but this book was a disappointment . I think it center way too much on the marriage . After the 3rd or 4th times Kurtz stated why Kelson was marrying Araxie , it became annoying . It took up to 100 pages before Kelson set off to Torenth , which I know could have progress faster from reading Kurtz earlier works . The action was definitely lacking , and the political intrigue not fully developed . This book definitely was not written to par with the other in the series . What a disappointment : _ -LRB-
 A profound disappointment . This book reads more like an outline for a good series -LRB- say 3 novels -RRB- . The story/plots moved way too fast and were shallow -- very shallow . I am , frankly , surprised . Ms. Kurtz is an awesome story-teller . Ca n't imagine why she would turn out such work unless she was busy writing something else at the same time . I was hoping for King Kelson 's Bride to be the first in a new series . I can only hope she refrains from this sort of writing for any future Deryni novels .
 How I waited for this book to come ! I confess I read this book today out of loyalty to a childhood hero . But , if I had read this book eight years ago when I finished The Question for Saint Camber the first time , I would have liked it much better.I felt that the intrigue was there for the sake of the author 's avoiding to go into any detail about Kelson 's bride , and all loose ends were tied to all-too-nice and pretty bows at the end.In eight years I have grown up a bit and feel much , much more could have been done for my childhood hero 's bride ; namely a script that is more befitting of a heroine of her integrity and status.First , I must thank the author for churning out a long awaited book . She took a long hiatus from Kelson and has since written other books of the Deryni , i.e. one of my personal favorites , `` King Javan 's Year . '' I admit I relish in Ms. Kurtz 's knowledge of Latin prayer and the well described rituals in the Deryni universe that are so related to the religious history of my Christian faith . Her talent for imagery and detail still entertains me ... BUT ... the story of Araxie , who now is a member of my Hall of Worthy Heroines , leaves much lacking , and gives too little credit to the brave little princess . Despite the title , the book is n't about her at all , but of Kelson 's slow and painful-to-read transition away from his once beloved Rothana Nur Hallaj . I know that Kelson himself has great reverence for the Church and his Faith , but his unnecessarily prolonged affection for a nun left me groaning inwardly.In my opinion Kelson acts highly out of character . He has his weaknesses of course , but he has in the past proven to be wise and strong . Here , he is depicted as if he had just lost Rothana the day before yesterday.It mortified me to see a childhood hero reduce himself to a pile of mush . And a whiny one at that!He only slightly redeems himself when he sees Araxie 's true worth towards the end of the novel , in a blunt , slightly stupid , and all too sudden realization completed in half a page.There is not enough evidence in the predecessors to this novel to imply that Kelson was so attatched to Araxie 's predecessors . How long had he actually been in contact with either of them?In reality , most people can get over failed relationships in a few years , or at least come to accept that things do n't always go as planned . Which is why I inwardly cringed when it seemed for the most part of the novel all Kelson could do was cry `` Rothana , oh my Rothana ! '' Sweet Jesu!While I 'm at it , let me point out that Rothana takes on a much larger role than Araxie , whom the book title salutes ! She overshadows Araxie , which I thought was VERY unfair of Ms. Kurtz . Not only do we have to listen to Kelson moaning about Rothana , and Rothana 's whining , we get more of Rothana than Araxie , when Araxie is the true heroine ! How unfair is that!Ms . Kurtz gives far too little credit and attention to Araxie or her character development . As much as reading Kelson 's thoughts and learning more of what happens to Liam is nice , the main focus should have been with Araxie , if not partially told in Araxie 's point of view.Even after you finish the novel , you know NOTHING about how Araxie thinks and regards herself . Which leads me to feel that Araxie is merely another jewel in the king 's crown , nothing but a pretty adornment in the story , but lacking the substance she deserves in the novel.And another thing , Araxie is a GODDESS for allowing that farce between Kelson and Rothana go on in front of her . Rothana only admits this once , in a small sentence in the entire novel , but by the time you finish the story , you are inclined to feel that Araxie deserves much more praise than Rothana was willing to give.It 's terrible that Rothana and the other characters overshadow the more worthy Araxie , who is more deserving of both the spotlight and the king because Araxie is almost as saintly as Camber himself and completely unselfish , unlike Rothana . There is an impression that Rothana only used Araxie as her little puppet to fulfill a destiny she herself could not have , which is in part SELFISH , especially for a NUN.Thank God Araxie proves herself to be more than a puppet , and a far better Queen than Rothana or Sidana could have EVER aspired to be .
 Gentle readers , fellow reviewers , hear my tale of woe . Although I know that I am courting the deadly ` was this review helpful to you - not ' vote , such is my disappointment in this novel that I feel I must continue . It is a testament to the excellence of the proceeding novels in this series that readers are so committed to liking this book that they are giving it 4 and 5 stars . Unfortunately I can not agree that it deserves them . If you have read the other reviews you know the plot of the novel , but bear with me as here we go again , sort of.With much public weeping and knashing of teeth , our young king , Kelson , has spent the three years since we saw him last pining and brooding petulantly over a lost love . This bizarre behavior was so out of character that I never really recovered from the shock , and it was all downhill from there . Metamorphosising from a rational , independent and fiercely practical character in the proceeding books into a whiny and emotionally immature teenager , this book begins with Kelson allowing his former betrothed , Rothana , who betrayed him , to order him around . He passively and obediently proposes marriage to the woman she chooses for him , showing a complete lack of pride when he publicly admits to his friends and advisors why he has finally chosen to marry . This from a man whose resume includes , as per the previous books in the series , the following
 Reading this book makes me glad I only borrowed a copy and did n't pay for it.First off , like a lot of people , I read the Morgan and Camber books around the ages of 13-14 and enjoyed them immensely . The people were fairly complex and the author did n't seem to be afraid to let Bad Things happen.As I grew older , the books faded into nostalgia for me ; pleasant memories and an occasional re-read . However , with this book , I agree with all the other reviewers who spoke about King `` Never Met a Topic I Could n't Whine About '' Kelson . Good Lord . I kept hoping that someone could invent Prozac and forcefeed it to him . Working through grief at a betrayal and the loss of the woman you felt you were in love with is one thing , but dragging about like Eeyore for * years * is quite another.There were too many new characters to allow anyone to be introduced beyond a basic sketch of their personality which then got repeated again and again . The appearances of Morgan and Duncan were akin to David Duchovny 's contractually obligated seconds of screen time in most of the XF season.And Derry ... yikes . Derry has been the most well-rounded human -LRB- i.e. non-Deryni -RRB- character in the Morgan/Kelson books , IMO . He 's stuck by Morgan through thick and thin , believing in the tolerance and acceptance that they all seemed to hope for in human/Deryni relations ; and how does Kurtz repay him ? By letting him not once , but * twice * , serve as the deus ex machina of plot betrayal . It was effective in the first trilogy because , as was pointed out in an earlier review , she wrote it with no holds barred . This time , I could barely suppress the urge to yawn as Kurtz cribbed from her past plots to try and bring about some drama to this otherwise tepid tale of a depressed groom-to-be and the women that run roughshod over him.All in all , definitely not worth the years of waiting for something that reads like a sale from the Bargain Bin at Plots ` R ' Us .
 Let me preface my review by saying that Ms. Kurtz 's other Deryni books are amazing , worth reading again and again . I strongly recommend the Camber series in particular.However , King Kelson 's Bride lacked the rich detail , headlong pace , moral dilemmas , and compelling characterizations of her previous works.Only Kelson and his bride feel fleshed-out as realistic characters . Other characters who were dynamic in the past trilogies - such as Morgan , Dhugal , and the villains of the novel - have been sketched in as bare props , shoved into place whenever the plot needs a boost . These sketchy characterizations show up primarily in the lack of significant conversations between the characters , conversations which in previous trilogies could be moving , exciting , hilarious - in fact , one of the primary reasons to read the novels . Likewise missing were the soul-deep magical communications between the characters.The court and people of Torenth received equally patchy treatment . The landscape and the architecture are described in full -LRB- frankly excessive -RRB- detail , while many interesting questions are ignored . Do the Torenthi comunicate in the same style as the people of Gwynedd ? Or were there subtle , or not so subtle differences , which created awkwardness and misunderstandings between Kelson and the Torenthi ? Are court politics played in the same manner ? Do Torenthi men and women interact together in the same manner as in Gwynedd ? Do women and children have more or less rights ? How do lesser nobility regard their rulers ? Are the laws generally more harsh ? Does their sense of morality differ shockingly ? Many questions such as these could have been answered in this novel , yet the reader leaves Torenth having learned only of minutia such as the temperature , the color of the domes , and the manner in which they cross themselves . A whole new country long left mysterious in the trilogy has been visited - and largely bypassed . What a wasted opportunity!The plot of the novel seemed to suffer from lack of consistency . New threats developed suddenly , only loosely connected with the rest of the novel , and left insufficient time for the reader to become apprehensive . The subplots involving formerly peripheral characters such as Jehanna and Meraude were charming indeed , and perhaps one of the novel 's strongest points - but alas , we mainly see the conclusions of these subplots rather than the development.The pace of the novel was oddly variable , approximating that of a limping snail when covering insignificant details , and stubbornly refusing to develop the parts most dear to readers . Kelson 's long-awaited wedding was covered in the merest summary , while his wedding night - the perfect opportunity for Ms. Kurtz to tastefully expand upon the growing rapport and closeness between the two - was skipped entirely.I can only hope Ms. Kurtz 's next novel shows all the talent of which she is capable .
 Hard for me to believe , but I have been a fan of the Deryni series for about 25 years now , and I waited eagerly for this installment . I guess since I read about Kelson and company first , I enjoy those books much more than the Camber books -LRB- although the Camber books are probably better written -RRB- . I have to agree with the readers who found King Kelson 's Bride a disappointment . The book read more like a history , almost as if Ms. Kurtz has become so wrapped up in the genealogies of the Deryni families , and the history of Torenth -LRB- although I did find that kind of interesting -RRB- , that she forgot to tell an entertaining story . Other folks have commented that Kelson seems like a whiny , love-sick teenager ; I agree that he seemed more mature in the first series at the age of 14 . Morgan is hardly more than a walk-on character in this book . And Derry - apart from the fact that the mind-control plot from High Deryni was rehashed -LRB- and less convincingly this time -RRB- , when the heck did Derry turn into a babysitter for Morgan 's kids ? Not enough that the old favorites seemed like strangers , in my opinion , Ms. Kurtz made a serious mistake by killing off the two most interesting villains in this installment - Mahael and Morag . What was the point of this - just to introduce yet another Torenthi brother ? Finally , the title of this book is misleading ; it 's hardly the story of Araxie , who actually grew on me -LRB- much more than the martyr Rothana -RRB- and seemed too good for the Kelson of this book . The final straw was Queen Jehana 's lickety-split change into a Deryni-lover . I enjoyed her more as the harpy who was out to save Kelson from the `` evil '' Deryni influence . Having really grown fond of the characters in the Kelson series -LRB- and impressed by Ms. Kurtz 's writing -RRB- , it pains me to have to give this book such a poor review . Here 's hoping the next one will be better .
 I 've been waiting for this book over 10 years but I figured the wait would be worth it -LRB- if only to read more of the adventures of the enigmatic , powerful , strong yet vulnerable Alaric Morgan and his equally magically powerful priest-cousin , Duncan -RRB- . Kurtz ' rich characters have been my all-time favorite fictional entities . But King Kelson 's Bride left me bereft , sad . Morgan and Duncan are barely recognizable , when they do show up at all . Maybe because I 'm over the age of 40 now , but teenage angst irks me . If I wanted a romance novel I 'd have bought a romance novel.I 'm hoping , praying , that Miss Kurtz will rejuvenate her beloved -LRB- our beloved -RRB- characters of old in her next novel . I 'm so upset with this one I 'm even considering sending it back -LRB- but my Katherine Kurtz keeper shelf would look a little bare without it there , I guess -RRB- . Please , Miss Kurtz , bring back Morgan , Duncan and Derry . The original Morgan , Duncan and Derry !
 This book , while fairly well written , is little more than a cheap and sappy romance next to the other books in the series . The undying love for rothana , and the budding romance with arexie turned my stomach , not to mention the sticky sweet scene with the children . The attempt to bring Derry back as a the great character he was in the first kelson series accomplished little more than rehashing an old plotline . i was disappointed . Katherine Kurtz is a great writer , but I think she may have sucked this particular universe dry .
 It felt much as though the primary characters had done nothing short of sit in a dark hole for the three years between their last appearance and now . They had not changed or grown in those years . I got very tired of mopey Kelson , when his emotions felt contrived to begin with.Things that felt resolved in previous books were miraculously unresolved in this one . Rules about magic that have been previously declared inviolable were suddenly questionable . A lot of the intrigue felt like it was there solely for the sake of intrigue.I did like some of the parts of this book and it has opened the world a little more for further Deryni education and informational quests . I also liked the development of Jehanna .
 I 'm agreeing with those who called this book a disappointment . I had not even heard it was on the way , but when I saw it on the shelves , I let out a squeal of joy and bought it , expecting a wonderful , nostalgia-filled trip back into Gywnnedd . I am sorry to say , I was mistaken.The entire book read like fanfic based on the series . I find it nearly impossible to believe that Ms. Kurtz wrote it , save for the amount of detail . The Derry plot was lifted from the first series . The Kelson I knew and loved , even as a teenager , knew that his first priority was to be king . The character in this book by the same name spent most of his time whining . As for Araxie , someone please please please tell me she dies in labor the next time we see her , because she 's even more annoying than Kelson , if that 's possible . I believe the other reviewers mourned the lack of Morgan and Duncan as feasible characters enough that I may only add a wistful sigh of my own.Yours in the belief that if we all simply refuse to believe that this book happened , maybe it 'll go away ... MM
 This book is dissapointingly unlike Kurtz 's other Deryni novels . The intrigue , magic , style and depth and style of her earlier works is missing . At times I found myself wondering if Kurtz even wrote this book . That , or was just a contractual obligation and she did n't really want to write it ? The earlier Deryni novels are much better written , and this one does not come up to the same standard . Kurtz 's previous Deryni novels are like stepping into a whole other world . This one is a lot like stepping into a tired and trite romance novel .
 It seems I waited forever to be able to purchase and read a copy of KING KELSON 'S BRIDE ... and boy , was I disappointed ! The characters did n't seem as rich and full and vibrant as they had been in Katherine 's previous novels . Morgan and Duncan , especially , were quite pale in comparison to their former selves in other novels , and even Kelson did n't seem to have much of a spark at times . The talk of all the royal marriages confused me after a while -- I could n't keep track of who was to wed whom . I liked the fact that Jehana has started to live again , rather than continuing to sequester herself away and be so morbid and angry all the time . All in all , I was quite unsatisfied by the time I finished the book , especially as I 've feasted on the literary wonders from Katherine in the past and was expecting more of the same . Maybe her SECOND novel in this series will be better .
 The worst of the Deryini novels by far . I hate to give one of Ms. Kurtz 's Deryini novels a bad review because her work has given me great pleasure over the years , but this novel stinks . Any one of her others in the series I 'd give a 4 star rating at worst . Even the look of the cover has a look one would n't expect from this author -- a cheesy romance . She has changed publishers . Could this have anything to do with the turn towards the worse her writing has taken ? Normally her novels are serious page-turners for me , keeping me up to all hours of the morning , but I had to force myself over the course of several months to finish this one . If you are a fan go ahead and buy it ; if new to the series , do n't bother .
 After waiting since 1986 for Kurtz to return to Kelson and the plot threads left hanging in `` The Quest for Saint Camber '' , this book was a disappointment . Instead of following up on the quest for Camber , Kelson gets married . Granted , after the tragedy of Rothana , Kelson deserves some happiness , but this book felt rushed , almost as if Kurtz decided to stop writing Deryni novels all together and wrapped things up in one fell swoop . Kurtz has shown that she has a knack for tragedy , notably in `` King Javan 's Year '' , and the previous series on Kelson tended to mix in a good part of that . If she continues this into a trilogy , let 's hope she gets back to what she 's good at .
 Katherine Kurtz does n't seem to have had her heart in the Deryni books for many years . This book , which was written and then `` left hanging '' -LRB- sans sequel -RRB- , seems to prove it . Compared to the subtle plot twists , action , and adventure of earlier books , the plot is fascile and the pace is slow.Fans of the Deryni books will probably read this volume anyway , eager for anything new on the topic . They will then endure a recap of events they vaguely remember from books read over a decade ago . Following this , all the characters talk and talk about who King Kelson will marry . Then they talk about talking about it . After the inevitable `` surprise Deryni ancestry '' revelations , the usual pack of fanatics and evil Deryni will try and thwart the wedding and will be defeated . Then King Kelson will marry the woman who was discussed and discussed.I was so excited that I decided not to wait another long span of years for another volume and gave up on KK after 30 years !
 It was the first book I read from that author and it certainly will be the last . The plot is almost non-existant , the dialogues are unbelivable specially the ones involving the little girl , no children speaks or thinks like that and , above all , there is the romance , what is it with american female mystery authors ? They seem to be unable to write a real thriller , they always have to add these sirupy romances . I read it till the end just to see if I was right about the guilty party , I was ... a real deception .
 This book was really a dissapointment to me . The characters were unbeleivable , the plot was predictable -LRB- yes I figured it out early on -RRB- and the romance between the judge and molly fizzled -LRB- I found myself skipping over the love scenes -RRB- I was impatient to finish this book , very syrupy , the ending was an even bigger dissapointment , it seemed like the author got tired of writing , the whole thing seemed veeeeery drawn out until the last 20 pages . Then everything was wrapped up amazingly fast ! Do n't waste your money , if you must read this borrow from a friend or go to the library
 I found the character Ramsey totally unbelievable.And Molly seemed inconsistant.It made a fairly good read , but not up to her normal excellance .
 A thoroughly unbelievable plot . A six-year old who thinks , speaks and behaves as an adult . Adults who act like children . A transvestite laptop ?! FBI agents who can pick up an investigation on a whim ? This was one of the worst reads I have ever had . Thank goodness , I bought the paperback version .
 I ordered this book used . It appeared to be in good condition and did not have any markings that would identify it as an editor 's or publisher 's copy and anything other than just a used book . However , pages 262-294 were missing and pages 87-118 were substituted . I will not order from this seller again.The book was interesting and I will read more of Catherine Coulter 's novels .
 When a kid is smarter than the adults fiction is in trouble . Kidnapping and child abuse are tough subjects , but a Judge who does n't notify the police and a mother who is n't hysterical are hard to swallow . I 've enjoyed Coulter 's stories in the past but THE TARGET never worked for this reader.Savich and Sherlock do stop by for an encore , but without their normal punch . If you are a fan of her writing you may enjoy it , but for others pass this one by , Ms. Coulter can construct a better story.Nash Black , author of TRAVELERS and SINS OF THE FATHERS .
 The main male lead , the Judge , had no character development . It was as if she expected you to already understand why a childless man would take an instant liking to this child . She then exaggerates the confusion by asking the reader to belive it plausible that would endanger his life fro them . Basically it was illogical .
 I could not be labeled as a `` Fan '' of Catherine Coulter 's after reading this book . It was too different from the rest of her books . Too based around the child . Ms. Coulter , I believe , is an adult romance writer . My preference is for the novel to be centered on the two adults and their romance , not a ` perfect ' little girl . I was disappointed that Ms. Coulter would write this and I actually feel sorry for anyone who spends their money on The Target . I honestly believe that they would be better off reading the Bride Series or Legacy Series or perhaps The Cove and The Maze . I am not thrilled that I spent money on this book . I think it is a shame that Ms. Coulter lowered her normally wonderful standards . I must say though , this is the first of her books that has disappointed me .
 As others have explained , a federal judge hiding out in the woods for some privacy finds a severly abused girl . For eight -LRB- count 'em , 8 -RRB- days - until her mother comes blazing into the book - he nutures her and cares for her himself , without notifying the authorities , without taking her to the hospital , and apparently without any consideration of the fact that somewhere she has a family going crazy with worry . Of course , during this time , he tends her wounds , washing away any physical evidence that she would be carrying of her attacker . This guy is a judge ??? Then , when her mother enters the picture , she * thanks * him for keeping her daugher with him . That 's the worst kind of hideous fiction that I can imagine . I generally like Catherine Coulter , but I could not even go on with this book after the first 50 pages or so
 I enjoy reading books and watching movies because they take me away from my normal existence , and have the imagination to accept when an author will stretch reality . Unfortunatly , Catherine Coulter took reality and stretched it way past the breaking point . Her description of a six year old girl made me wonder if she has ever met a child , or used Shirley Temple and a six year old Jesus Christ as her model . I got so tired of hearing about her perfection I wanted to pull her braid -LRB- mentioned approx . 1,000 times -RRB- right out of her head . The Judge and Molly were totally unbelivible . I kept imagineing myself in the same position as the Judge , finding an unconsious six year old girl , sexually abused , unconsious in the forest . Sure , I 'll take her and hold her for about a week !
 I always finish a book once I start but this one was painful . Judge Ramsey was so unbelieveably sickeningly sweet that he made my stomach turn . The child , Emma , was smarter than the adults and the mother , Molly was completely inconsistent . Emma did not behave nor speak like a six year old . It made me wonder about the children the author has been around ? What child speaks this way ? Molly and Ramsey 's love affair ? Totally unbelievable and undeveloped ... again PUKE ! This was my first Coulter novel and I am not sure I want to try another . Reading this one was pure torture for me !
 I , like others here , feel compelled to finish any book I begin , but this is one that makes me seriously rethink that comittment . Others have duly noted the multitude of flaws in the plot , but what really got to me was the insipid dialogue . NO ONE TALKS LIKE THIS ! Virtually every time a character opens his or her mouth , what comes out sounds like something that would earn a generous D in a high school creative writing class . I guess I should have been alerted by the `` Dear Readers '' note on the back cover of the paperback edition . I know this was probably written by someone working for the Publisher , but did n't Coulter have to sign off on something over her signature ? When an author tells me her book `` will keep me on the edge of my seat , '' and promises to I 'm not smart enough to solve her `` surprise '' ending , I should know well enough to keep my wallet in my pocket . Oh well , fool me once ...
 first 50 pages or so . after that , this book stunk . ive never read anything by this author before and in the beginning , i couldnt wait to pick up a few more , but as i said , after about 50 pages , this ended . as a mother , i wouldnt want this strange man with me not only for an hour , but for over a month -LRB- ? -RRB- listening to private conversations im having with my father as well as my child 's father -LRB- even though i may hate the man -RRB- she completely opened herself up to this man that she barely knew . granted , he did indeed save her child , but that doesnt give him rights to * every * part of her life . at times the mother showed absolutely no backbone , and other times , she was strong as a rock ... this makes no sense to me either . as the story continued , i accepted the `` love '' connection but NOT ONCE in the entire book -LRB- even at the very end when they all live happily ever after -RRB- did they say they loved eachother , but in fact , molly said to one of ramseys friend something to the effect of `` i can only hope he 'll love me that way someday '' . excuse me ? strong as a rock ? blah ! : : smile
 I am a voracious reader and make it a habit to always finish a book ; however , with this one it was a real EFFORT . Unlike others who have reviewed this book , I found it lacking in suspense , found the characters unbelievable -LRB- what child talks the way Emma did -RRB- and uninteresting . I doubt I will be reading anything further by C. Coulter .
 First of all , if this is one of Catherine Coulter 's `` best '' novels , it will be the only one I ever read . I found the character , Ramsey , to be especially unbelievable . He was one minute a strong , macho man -- and then the next a man who wanted french-braiding lessons PLEASE !!!!!! I had trouble finishing this book because it was so ridiculous !
 This will be the first and only Coultier novel I read . I was anticipating great suspense and romance rolled into one . The suspense was so-so , a bit on the predictable . The romance ? dull . I 've never read love scenes that have left me so flat before . It may be her style but in writing the love scenes it seemed as though a man had written them ... no romance or finesse . I had high hopes for finding a new author , but have been greatly disappointed .
 I bought this book as a `` beach '' read , something to pass the time , with no prior knowledge of this author . It boasted `` New York Times Bestseller '' on the cover , which is one reason why I bought it . It ca n't be that bad , I thought , if it 's a bestseller . I was in for a big surprise ! This book , with its unbelievable characters , unrealistic dialogue , poor plot development , and just plain poor writing , was a bestseller ? It 's frightening , when you think about it . I have definitely overestimated the intelligence of the American reading public.What a sad commentary that such a book can become a bestseller .
 While I have read many of Ms. Coulter 's books , this one was definitely a stinker . I ca n't believe anyone who is a discerning reader will find this book well done . Quite frankly , this book did not even strike me as having been written by this author , but rather by someone who wished they could write . It was amateurish in its dialogue , silly in its plot and character development , and just a plain waste of time . I ended up skimming over so much of it , and I was still able to figure out the entire plot by just briefly scanning over every 2-3 pages . I know not every book is a bestseller , but the publisher certainly was trying to pull something over on its readers with this one . Shame !!
 `` The Maze '' was great , `` The Cove '' was OK . `` The Target '' is atrocious . Not worth the time it takes to read the inside cover . The one word that comes to mind in describing the author of this book is LAZY . The plot makes no sense whatsoever . Luckily I got this from the library instead of buying it , but I still feel ripped off !
 I 'm in book club hell . A new member picked this monstrosity for her first selection , and now we 're stuck suffering through it . -LRB- Our rule is that no author is banned from the list until we 've read two of the author 's books and a minimum 75 % majority votes the author out . Which will be no problem with Coulter . -RRB- If I had the power to strap our new member down and force her to read GOOD writing so that she could see just how horrible `` The Target '' is , I would.Where to begin?The plot is preposterous . The characters are not only cartoonish , they 're not even a little bit likable . Federal judge with a murderous , hair-trigger temper who does n't mind breaking laws and collaborating with the boss of a huge crime ring . Mother of an sexually abused six-year-old who does n't bother to take her kid to a doctor -LRB- can we say NEGLECT ? -RRB- and spends shockingly little time helping the child cope with what happened . -LRB- Gee , I ca n't WAIT for those two to end up in bed and then falling in love -- I have a feeling that 's Coulter 's M.O. -RRB- A pair of FBI agents who are so inconsistently drawn , they might each have multiple personality disorder.And get this , not only are they all incredibly rich , they 're all clairvoyant -LRB- just by looking at a trashed house , they know exactly who did the crime , even though the proposed perpetrators have nothing to do with the owner of the house -RRB- . And they all apparently have superhuman strength and superhuman ability to heal -LRB- 2 '' deep bullet wound to the leg one minute , running on it the next -- and the character says that 2 '' wound is `` not bad '' -RRB- . Coulter shows an utter lack of understanding of :1 . What abused children suffer and their recovery process2 . How the FBI operates3 . How kidnapping cases are handled4 . Medical care for bullet wounds -LRB- a little antibiotic cream , gauze and adhesive tape ? Yeah , that 'll work . -RRB- 5 . Organized crime6 . How six-year-olds talk7 . How ANYbody talks -LRB- `` He will sanction a kill . '' REALLY ? -RRB- 8 . How to deliver back stories -LRB- one minute , a character says she spent 3 months out of the year with her dad . On the next PAGE , the same character says her mother wisely moved her to Italy so she could grow up without her father 's influence . Um ... what about that three months out of the year ? -RRB- 9 . How crime scenes are handled by the police10 . Travel time from Colorado to California11 . I could go on and on , but you get the point.Another thing - Coulter apparently has some deep-seated psychological problems regarding sex . I understand that most , if not all of her books include rape and sexual abuse . In `` The Target , '' we 're treated to disgusting details of sexual assault of a child . It 's not fit to read in something that is supposed to be `` entertainment . '' If Coulter thinks that 's entertaining , she needs to be locked up in a psych ward herself.Stay far , far away from this book.Oh , no . I just realized we 're going to have to read ANOTHER Coulter book to get her banned from the list . AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA !
 The first part of the book is thrilling and page turning . The way Judge Ramsey found Emma . The way Molly found Judge Ramsey . Everything will keep you in the book . But the last hundred pages or so she really misses the plot . You 'd ask yourself where 's the plot ? You 'll read about a propousal , Ireland , a wedding , and many more stories that should n't been there . And as nigh all of her books , the end is a fairy tale that nobody 'll believe . There are better books than this one .
 This is the first Catherince Coulter novel I 've read in a few years and I was really disappointed . There 's a decent story in here ... it 's just 3/4 drafts from being finished . A lot of the dialogue felt awkward and unnatural to the point of taking me completely out of the story . Some pages really seemed amateurish.Many of the characters ' actions seemed completely illogical especially given that some of them are supposed to be highly educated and experienced law officials . The bad dialogue and strangeness of their actions really kept me from getting interested in the characters . I also noticed one big inconsistancy that should have been caught in basic editing.This really felt like the work of a first time author instead of one with many novels under her belt . If it had been the first Catherine Coulter novel I 'd read I really doubt I 'd have read another . I 'd reccomend skipping this one and reading `` The Sherbrooke Bride '' which I 'm going to reread and hopefully remind myself why I liked this author .
 I actually finished reading this book , although I had put it down for over a week . Just not enough suspense to be a page turner . Many of the characters are just not believable and the conversations tend to be flat -- no pizazz.Coultur seems to have fallen into the same trap other writers have -- get a few great novels going -LRB- Maze , Cove -RRB- and the editors stop doing their job as they figure the book will sell anyway.Get another editor Catherine and please stop making referencesabout body parts , i.e. `` down to their toes . ''
 I have enjoyed ms. coulter 's contemporary works in the past , but this one sounded as if some of her helpers wrote the book . The dialogue was amateurish , the plot poorly paced , and skimming every other right-handed page more than allowed the reader to figure out what was taking place .
 I have read the comments from a lot of readers and I have to agree with the ones that disliked this book . This is the first time that I have read something by this author , and believe me it will be the last . The characters were unbelievable , ever changing , etc. . There just seemed to be too much focus on dumb things , for example the girl 's braid , I do n't know how many times it was mentioned , give me a break ! I kept on going just because the author promised that you would not be able to guess who was the bad guy . Turns that I did , about halfway throughout the book . I could not believe the end ! Did she get bored too ?
 This was a frustrating book to read ! It started with a good basic story line , and a likeable main character -LRB- Judge Hunt -RRB- . The dialogue was strong and moved the story along - BUT the characters and happenings were trite , stereotyped , and totally unbelievable ! Judge Hunt discovers an brutally injured child unconscious in a forest , obviously beaten and sexually molested ... and he does NOT rush her to qualified medical help . This is a BIG leap to try to believe - which of us would consider ourselves qualified to treat a small child in this shape ? After several days -LRB- of dodging the `` bad guys '' -RRB- , he is accosted by the child 's mother -LRB- Molly -RRB- , who believes he is the kidnapper . Now , not only has she found her child single-handedly in this random location , she turns out to be the ex-wife of a famous rock star , as well as the daughter of a big-time Crime Lord ! Lo , and behold , as this threesome tries to outwit the bad guys and figure out `` whodunit '' -LRB- I ended up not knowing , and not caring by the finish -RRB- they have some far flung adventures -LRB- from Las Vegas to Ireland -RRB- . Savich and Sherlock -LRB- from Coulter 's previous novel -RRB- flit in and out , contributing little other than to exchange witty repartee with the Judge . As the net tightens , another huge leap is required to believe that Judge Hunter -LRB- previously extolled as a paragon of virtue -RRB- suddenly tolerates -LRB- welcomes ? -RRB- a relationship with Molly 's father , the Crime Lord ! Help ! The book is loaded with undeveloped characters popping in and out , and dangling story lines that you wished were developed ! And finally , the story is saddled with an unsavory , unbelievable villain . Yet through it all , it was impossible not to wish it was more believable - the touch of magic often found in Coulter 's books was just under the surface , ready to pop out . I read it to the end , still wanting to like it more than I did !
 Most of Catherine Coulter 's stories are good . Not The Target . This one starts off with the main character , a judge , deciding to secretly keep and care for a kidnapped child he found in the woods . He ca n't stand the idea of anyone else trying to care for her - including her parents . His reasoning is frightening , to the point that I wished he would have been arrested for his illegal acts , including kidnapping and washing down a rape victim . Sorry , Catherine . This one was really off Target .
 I thought , a judge finds a sexually abused girl in the woods and calls no one ? I must be missing something . So I read on . It got no better . This was such a poorly conceived book , I could n't make it past the halfway point of the story .
 I really wanted to like this book . The plot was unrealistic in so many areas , but I might have been able to suspend disbelief if the dialogue would have been better . Six year old children , even advanced child proteges , simply do not converse like Emma , especially after the trauma she endured in this novel .
 This book is truly unbelievable . None of the characters are even remotely realistic . A federal judge who finds a child in the woods , beaten and sexually abused , and DOES N'T involve the feds or even the cops ? In fact , he `` kidnaps '' the girl himself . A six year old child who is smarter than an adult ? Some of the responses this child made to questions or situations that arose made me shake my head and wonder if Catherine Coulter could possibly have any children of her own . How about a mom who singlehandedly rescues the child and confronts the `` kidnapper '' all alone ? How about a rock singer father who just happens to stop existing as soon as the story needs him to ? How about a maternal grandfather who ... I could go on and on , but it 's not worth it . In fact , this book was so ridiculous I did n't finish the last chapter . A total waste of money and time .
 I have n't read the two preceding books , but I sincerely hope that they are better than this one . I 'd like to think that a federal judge would have better sense than to keep an obviously raped 6 year old in the woods for a week `` until she learns to trust him . '' Meanwhile , her poor mother is searching town after town with no indication from him that she is even alive . I feel very doubtful that said mother , on discovery of the man with her suddenly verbal child , would say to him , `` I would have done the same thing in your shoes . '' Even knowing that he was n't the original kidnapper , I 'm pretty sure I would have sent my daughter out of the room and shot him anyway.No thanks to Ramsey , the kid has n't died from internal injuries , and now that the mother -LRB- who is far , far more clever than every incompetent law enforcement agent in Colorado -RRB- followed the only solid lead that the police `` blew off '' and is back with her daughter , I think I 'll leave them to go on the run without me.Lazy writing -- it would n't have been hard to create a situation where Ramsey and the child together made sense .
 The story took a turn for the worse after Molly showed up . It was just a little unbelievable -LRB- and slightly creepy -RRB- that the man was so hung up on this little girl and basically he wants to marry , not because he 's in love with the mother , but because he wants to be the child 's father .
 Catherine Coulter is a decent writer , so even though I dislike a heavy presence of children in my novels , I could still finish the tapes . But I would n't have bought it if I had known that this little girl was in almost EVERY sentence . I do n't know much about kids , but I have never seen anything close to this one . She was so unbelievable I almost laughed several times . I hope the very low reviews of this novel convince Ms. Coulter to abandon this type of story line .
 I have read 20 or so , C. Coulter novels and The Target was a study in frustration and disappointment for me . The dialogue was trite and seemed fragmented and disjointed . Sometimes I was n't even sure who was speaking or what they were talking about . The storyline started out good but got lost in unbelievable situations . The characters were likeable but lacked depth and history . I was very sorry I spent 18.00 on this book and will read several critical reviews before I buy another contemporary suspense novel by Coulter . The Cove and The Maze were much better . She should stick to historical romance-she 's much better at it .
 I had the unfortunate requirement to read this book in a criminology course . Between third person references , uninspired diction , and disjointed construction , this textbook did n't stand a chance . Further , some of the theories presented were so flawed in their reasoning that it made reading parts of chapters a laughable experience . An example
 I hate to give negative reviews , especially in a forum of all positive reviews , -LRB- this usually means I will be negged with ` unhelpful votes ' -RRB- But here is the deal ... I did n't like Hidden Riches ! Mostly , because I HATED the hero , and the writing was dated . I do n't know of any modern women who would or should put up with the treatment that Jedidah Skimmerhorn -LRB- terrible name -RRB- treats her.Here 's the story
 Instead of not being able to put it down , I was not able to pick it up . The dialog did not flow at all , the plot did not seem to work . I have enjoyed her past work , but this book prompted me to write this review , and pack up this book and sell it or donate it to a used book store .
 If you want to read a book that goes straight to your heart , read Stolen Moments by Barbara Jeanne Fisher ... It is a beautiful story of unrequited love ... for certain the love story of the nineties . I intended to give the book a quick read , but I got so caught up in the story that I could n't put the book down . From the very beginning , I was fully caught up in the heart-wrenching account of Julie Hunter 's battle with lupus and her growing love for Don Lipton . This love , in the face of Julie 's impending death , makes for a story that covers the range of human emotions . The touches of humor are great , too , they add some nice contrast and lighten things a bit when emotions are running high . I 've never read a book more deserving of being published . It has rare depth . Julie 's story will remind your readers that life and love are precious and not to be taken for granted . It has had an impact on me , and for that I 'm grateful . Stolen Moments is written with so much sensitivity that it made me want to cry . It is a spellbinder . What terrific writing . Barbara does have an exceptional gift ! This book was edited by Lupus specialist Dr. Matt Morrow too , and has the latest information on that disease . . . A perfect gift for someone who started college late in life , fell in love too late in life , is living with any illness , or trying to understand a loved one who is ... A gift to be cherished forever .
 I am a huge Coutler fan and I have to say I was incredily diappointed with this book . I love Dillon and Savitch , found the The Maze to be great reading and was looking forward to seeing them again . This book just left me upset - she can do better than this . The only point of interest here was the male point of view , otherwise , not worth the price of the book .
 This book is a travesty of a novel . An absurd one . My last Coulter book , that 's for sure .
 Just a note - actually look at the physcial book before you buy it . The margins are huge and there are large spaces between lines of print . I love Catherine Coulter 's books , but her last two have been such disappointments !
 This was truly one of the worst books I 've ever read . I simply could not believe Coulter wrote it . The characters were insipid , the dialogue pathetic . The author should be embarrassed at taking advantage of her previous , good reputation . Shameful .
 Poorly written potboiler . What a waste
 This is the worst Catherine Coulter book ever . I love her books and her writing but this book lacked the intellectual depth her books always carry . The first person point of view was just terrible not to mention the fact that her caracters did n't have much characrter to them . If this had been the first book I had read by C.C. I would never read another one . My question is what happened Catherine ? I would like a refund please !!
 I have read -LRB- and thoroughly enjoyed -RRB- numerous Catherine Coulter books ... and this certainly is n't one of them . Given her previous writing style , I honestly ca n't believe that she wrote this novel . The story is there , or could be , but the writing is so elementary it 's juvenile . In lieu of `` See Spot Run '' she wrote `` Hot damn . Look what I found . Ripe bananas , to go with our mangoes . Now the Baby Ruths can be our dessert . `` If you must read this , check-it out at the library . You 'll save yourself money and will most probably return it early .
 Catherine Coulter is definitely better than this . If I didnt know any better I 'd say someone else wrote this book . If you want to read a good suspense novel by C.C. , do n't bother with this one , instead get one of her older books , either `` The Cove '' or `` The Maze '' .
 It was n't until about page 160 that it was finally revealed what was going on ... up until then , I could n't figure out who was a ` good guy ' and who was n't . I have read all of the author 's books , and was very disappointed in this book . I was at least able to finish the book -LRB- which is why it got 2 points instead of only 1 -RRB- ... but I would not recommend this book . Her other books in this series are good . This one was written in first person , from the perspective of the main male character ... which is different for the author ... If you like a mystery -LRB- such as ` what is the plot ' -RRB- then you might like this story ...
 This book just seemed to drag on and on . I Like a book that I do n't want to put down . Sorry Mrs. Coulter .
 It is impossible to think how this book could be worse . The plot alone is laughable . But I 'm the kind of reader who can forgive a lame plot if the book has good character development or interesting dialog . This book has neither . At first , the characters may seem complex , but they 're not . They are either all good or all bad . Unfortunately , even the `` good '' ones are so unlikable that I rooted for the real `` bad '' guys to kill them . What 's worse is the dialog . Try this one . Men are shooting at the protagonists . Mac , intrepid FBI agent , is lying on top of Laura , intrepid ... -LRB- well , ca n't tell you that , it would be giving away the plot -RRB- . Mac says , `` Just hold tight , Laura . Think of me as your Kevlar vest . '' I did not make this up . It 's no surprise that someone might write this drivel . I just ca n't figure out how it got published . Was the editor on vacation ? I noticed the beginning contained no acknowledgements . That 's probably because the author could n't find anyone who wanted to be associated with such a miserable effort . Can I get my money back ?
 Just one word of it `` terrible '' !!! I 've read all her FBI/Mystery series and this is by far the worst . The story is all over the place and the characters are never really developed . It was very painful reading this one ... really bad ! One thing I 'm finding with Catherine Coulter is a hit or miss with her books . The Maze was great and after reading The Edge , you will have a hard time believing it 's the same writer .
 It 's not as bad as the reviews below say it is , but I 'm glad I read them before I read this book . So , I did n't read it expecting great - if you want great read the previous 3 books in this series . If , on the other hand , you have a free evening and do n't mind lightweight , almost mindless fluff , or you just want to know what happens next in the series , go ahead and read The Edge - and pretend it was written by someone else . I 'm reminded of people 's complaints & comments about James Patterson 's When The Wind Blows -LRB- of course , I liked that book -RRB- ... The Edge is told from the first-person point-of-view of the main male character . He is amusing at times , but he does n't have a great deal of depth - neither does anyone else . The main female character seems to have been put in the book because a female was required - not because she adds much to the story . Unfortunately , you do n't get to know what 's going on in her head - which is one of the main problems with first-person narratives . More problems
 There are too many characters & not enough explanations . This book jumps so much that you lose yourself while you 're reading it . Do yourself a favor , save your money and your time .
 I ordinarily really enjoy Coulter 's books -LRB- as far-fetched as they may seem -RRB- . But I had a terrible time getting into this one because it 's written in first-person from the male perspective . That and the story just did n't interest me . I read the whole thing anyway -LRB- how can you not ? -RRB- , but this is not one that I will read again .
 What a dreadful book . This is not the first book I have read by Catherine Coulter but it will probably be the last . I only read to the end because I have never been able to put a book down once started . From the beginning I was confused , first by who was actually telling the story then by the way the hero -LRB- ? -RRB- Mac was able to justify the way he acted with Cal and then moved on to the supposed love of his life . Very shallow . There were so many other characters who seemed superfluous , I kept waiting for something to happen with them . And do n't get me started on the whole being knocked out in Oregon and waking up in some drug lords compound in South America only to find their way to a resort ! There are so many other things I found hard to take with this book that I 'll leave it there .
 I have read practically every Coulter novel written . She is a multi-talented , gifted writer but feel Edge was not up to par . It is the only novel I have never finished . After reading Target , Maze and Cove , I bugged the book store for weeks waiting on Edge . I was really disappointed . The storyline was good but I simply never could get into it . I quit reading right after Ford moved her into his house . Maybe I 'll finish it one day . Maybe .
 Did I really bother to read this ? Unfortunately , this is another example of what readers in America crave
 Let 's put it this way
 I 've been a huge fan of her books for many years . In this book , I found her characters to be predictable , kitchy , and sickeningly cute ! At one point , I was truly ready for the two main characters to die just so I would n't have to hear them be cute anymore.It 's as though she took a dip in a Harlequin pond ... and wrung her towel out in this book.I wo n't stop reading her books , but I will hope for more from the next one I read .
 If I had n't read most of the other books Catherine Coulter has written , and loved them , I would be hard pressed to ever pick one up again.Did someone else write that first half of the book ? The whole thing was choppy and horribly edited , but the begining was far worse than the end . At one point Mac was at a deli with a woman . He ordered meatloaf and she ordered salad . Suddenly , he was served the salad , as if he had ordered it , and he ate it . Then , stuff about the meatloaf comes up , and it seems that he ordered that as well . Needless to say , I 'm betting the woman he was with must have been crash dieting , because as far as I can figure she did n't ever eat a thing . Things like this crop up all throughout the book . -LRB- At one point he puts the lid of a toilet down while someone else is holding it across the room . Pretty talented . -RRB- I also hated the poorly done 1st person perspective . Sometimes 1st person can be fun to read ; this was not one such instance.I do not recommend buying this book . If you really must read it , get it from a library , or go to a used bookstore -LRB- there will soon be plenty of copies there . -RRB- This sounds harsh , but I never would have gotten to the decent 2nd half if I had n't been bored enough sitting at home to keep on ploughing through the first half.Hopefully Coulter will try to write a new book next time rather than relying on previous characters to carry her work .
 Having read almost all of Catherine Coulter 's historical romances , I can safely say that she 's one of the best . However , she leaves much to be desired in the ways of modern `` suspense '' . I 've read all 4 books in this series . The only one I liked was The Maze . The Edge is BY FAR the worst . The first chapter really interested me , but it just went downhill from there . The characters are horrible -- in all these books they barely know each other but fall in love at the drop of a hat . And they were so poorly developed ; I just did n't care what happened to any of them . But even more painful is The Edge 's storyline . It is so far-fetched ! There are parts that just do not connect . It really seems to me that these 4 books were not of Coulter quality . Did she have deadlines to meet ?
 I have n't been able to make it through the first chapter . I was thrilled when this book came out . I have read every one of Catherine Coulter 's past books and loved them all . I grabbed `` The Edge '' and tossed it into my shopping cart on the strength of her name alone . I 'll never make that mistake again . I ca n't make myself read this book at all . There is nothing in the first chapter to catch my interest . I hate the first person . The characters are as uninteresting as dry toast . I 'm not willing to throw this book away yet . Hopefully the next time I attempt to read it I 'll get through Chapter two before it puts me to sleep . I am hesitant to give it one whole star but your rating system does n't go below that .
 After reading The Cove , The Maze and The Target , I could n't wait to buy this book . Am I glad that I read the reviews and waited till it came out in soft cover . The book had a lot of potential and it grabbed my interest with the first chapter . It was unfortunate that I ended up forcing myself to finish the book . The story not only drags but the characters are not well developed at all . We know the same amount of information about Mac , Laura and the rest of the cast at the end of the book as we do at the begining the only insight we gain is their employment history . The first person perspective was alright but again sadly lacking , normally the reader is given an indepth view into a charater when this format is used , here it just annoying and shallow . I would definatly not take this book on a train , plane , or bus where it would be the only entertainment .
 This book was so awful , I wish I never read it . The character Mac thinks with something other than his brain . It seems like a teenage boy wrote this book ; I think I could have written a better suspense novel !!!!!
 This is the worst suspense book I ever read !!!! The character Mac sounded like a oversexed FBI agent who used something other than his brain to think . The whole book was unbelieveable . It really is a waste of time to read . I think I could have written a better suspense novel .
 After reading The Target and The Maze , I was impressed with Coulter 's ability to pull off a romantic thriller . I assumed that The Edge , especially with overlapping characters , would be just as good , if not better . Well , to say the least , I was disappointed . The characters were ridiculously underdeveloped , even Sherlock and Savitch , about whom Coulter wrote a wonderful well-developed and believable story line . The main characters , Mac and Laura , have little to no personality , which makes it impossible to follow the romantic lead . The rest of the characters encounter each other with very poor dialogue ... I ca n't think of one thing that will redeem the first 275 pages enough to make me read the last 75 . This book must not have been written by Coulter herself , that 's the only explanation I can think of .
 I 've read almost all Catherine Coulter 's works . Until this book , I 'd never read one I did n't absolutely love . But , The Edge is disappointing . The prelude was great . Written in first person , it captures the attention with a shared experience thousands of miles apart . After that , the story completely fell apart . The characters were flat and the dialogue stilted . There was promise that the book was coming back to life about 2/3 of the way through when the main characters are kidnapped and subsequently escaped . The book ends quite suddenly with a `` formula '' kind of ending . It looks as if there are many spin off stories to come from The Edge ... hopefully , the characters and the story will be more interesting in the next installment .
 just a note to the reviewer from huntress -- Savich and Sherlock were the main couple from the MAZE -- not the Target -- if we 're to take your opinion seriously , perhaps you should get your novels and your characters straight -- The Edge is still C.C. 's worst and left me grinding my teeth two weeks later .
 I always like to read one of Coulter 's books but this one was almost unreadable !
 I 'm really sorry , but the charm and skill of this writer completely elude me . I barely made it through one chapter of THE EDGE before tossing the book aside . I swear I 'm not just trying to be mean , but I 've seen better and more competent writing in an elementary school notebook . To each his own , but I remain baffled by the continued success of this author . Do n't not buy this book because I did n't like it . Maybe you 'll have better luck with it !
 I just wanted to say that Catherine Coulter 's The Maze is one of my all-time favorite books . I was very disappointed in this novel . The dialogue really got to me . It was a good plot , the characters were n't too deep , but entertaining . I hard a hard time getting through it , however , due to the extremely weak dialogue .
 Coulter introduced a lot of characters , but failed to tie them together . There 's the sheriff ... what 's her deal ? Who was she really involved with and why ? The old Chicago cop ... he 's just kind of thrown in there and written off at the end . The drug dealer ... we never even met him ! And , in typical Coulter fashion , she 's got to throw in a little kinky sex stuff ... but it made no sense to the plot.This book needed a strong editor , and a major rewrite . Just because you 've got some bestsellers should n't let you get away with sloppy plots .
 The transition from the cottage to the jungle was rather jarring . The first half of the book was boring ... the second half was strange but it was fun to romp through the jungle with Sherlock and Savich -LRB- I really did n't care about Laura and Ford -RRB- . I got really sick of hearing about the bird and the cat . Overall , a really bad effort . On the plus side , the cover art is beautiful .
 A veces es obvio que el texto copiado por los criticos fu&eacute; tomado palabra-por-palabra directamente de la informacci&oacute;n del publicista . MacDougall y Laura son moderadamente interesantes pero no como para emocionarse tanto . Su Oregon de Coulter suena m&aacute;s aut&eacute;ntico que su Costa Rica , la `` jungla de lluvia '' de fondo m&aacute;s bien asentandose al molde gen&eacute;rico que muchos escritores acaban por usar cuando tratan con esa regi&oacute;n . Machetes hachando ansiosamente por las enredaderas , monos ruidos volando por los &aacute;rboles en lo alto , por lo general todo mendionado vagamente . No se compara para nada con los sitios reconocibles de `` A CAT 'S FULL NINE , '' tan gr&aacute;fico y familiar como la palma de mi mano.Frecuentemente es cuesti&oacute;n de un escritor de romance que no puede entrarle totalmente al g&eacute;nerro espeluznante , y vice-versa , porque nunca pueden expresar todo al paquete con uno de &eacute;stos elementos excepto a costas del otro .
 I ca n't believe how terrible this book was . I had read The Maze and thoroughly enjoyed it . The writing was very immature . I finished the book only out of curiousity , but it was painful and confusing . It was very difficult to follow and hard to believe . I 'm glad did n't pay full price for this one .
 I am an big fan of Coulter , and I always buy anything she writes . I have followed this particular series with great enjoyment . WHAT IN THE WORLD HAPPENED WITH THIS ONE ??? I did not like the writing in 1st person , you ca n't get into the head of the other characters . I also did n't really care for the male only perspective . Also , Dillon and Savich were great characters in their own story , but I really did n't feel this book did their characters justice . Real big disappoinment . Wish I had not spent the money . Will wait for the paperback next time ... maybe .
 Have thoroughly enjoyed The Maze , The Cove and her other books , so was eagerly waiting for this book . What a disappointment . Am glad I borrowed it from the library instead of buying it . Kind of hokey and disjointed . The first person and from a man 's point of view did n't bother me . Barbara Delinsky wrote a great book from a man 's point of view . This book just bounced around and I had to keep going back to try to figure out what was going on . I thought the characters were kind of silly and was disappointed that she made Savich and Dillon so sappy ! Will be willing to try another book again on the strength of her former books , but can not recomment this book in any way .
 I really hate to give a bad review since i enjoy reading but this was awful . The characters were so dull and not life-like . The dialog was so choppy and imature . The main character `` Mac '' was just unreal , nobody could survive what he did . The romance seens were n't even good , I mean `` Mac '' meets this girl `` Laura '' sleeps with her and now he wants to marry her ! Get real ! If their relationship was expanded on or even developed properly then it would make sense . And the FBI and DEA agents did n't even come close to sounded or acting like real agents . The book seemed to be written in a hurry . Hopefully on her next book she will take the time and do some research on her characters and story . If your looking for a good book to read , please do n't waste your time on this one ! You 'll want your money back ! No kidding !
 This is my first book by Coulter , and my last . Though the story was interesting enough for me to finish the book , and the research was really solid , the writing is childish . I found myself shouting at the book when characters delivered awkward , polysyllabic inanities during moments of high passion . And the ending , after a huge hysterical build-up , falls kinda flat . One star for plot and one star for research ; deduct 3 stars for amateur-hour writing .
 After reading The Cove , The Maze and The Target I looked forward with great anticipation in reading The Edge . However , as I dislike first person narrative I had trouble keeping my mind on the storyline . I only read half the book . I hope the next book she writes is in a different format . If you dislike first person narrative do n't purchase this book .
 I really hate to give a bad review since i enjoy reading but this was awful . The characters were so dull and not life-like . The dialog was so choppy and imature . The main character `` Mac '' was just unreal , nobody could survive what he did . The romance seens were n't even good , I mean `` Mac '' meets this girl `` Laura '' sleeps with her and now he wants to marry her ! Get real ! If their relationship was expanded on or even developed properly then it would make sense . And the FBI and DEA agents did n't even come close to sounded or acting like real agents . The book seemed to be written in a hurry . Hopefully on her next book she will take the time and do some research on her characters and story . If your looking for a good book to read , please do n't waste your time on this one ! You 'll want your money back ! No kidding !
 Being a dedicated fan of Catherine Coulter I decided to ignore the numerous negatives reviews here and checked out THE EDGE at the library . One week later with fewer than one hundred pages read , I have to admit that I 've been wasting my time . What a disappointment to Ms Coulter 's loyal fans ! After reading one third of this book I find that the story has barely progressed . The characters are so poorly developed that I have no desire to even see how the story ends . The dialogue is silly and not even believable for a man of Mac 's description . Will the real Catherine Coulter please come forward and write something worthy of her time and ours ?
 I have read every book by Coulter and this has to be the worse . I truly believe Ms. Coulter must be using a Ghost Writer because the quality of work has really gone done hill . The concept of the Edge was interesting and it really caught my attention but due to the poor writing skills , I lost interest very quickly . I use to be able to pick up a Coulter book and be done in a day or two . This one could not hold my attention and it took me forever to complete it . Sorry Catherine , but you better start either writing your own material or else get better ghost writers .
 This is certainly not her best work . I found myself interested in this story but I felt that this story was not very well developed . It had too many occurences and activities that did not make sense . I found that Mac 's friends were stiff and unreal unlike they were in the novel where they originated . I think this story had a lot of potential but was so poorly written that I did not enjoy it .
 Listen , I know everyone has bad days , but Catherine , please tell me you did not write this one !! DIS-JOINTED , POORLY WRITTEN , does this apply ?? YESSS !!! Sorry , but I really would like my money back , and I say this in all seriousness . `` Mac '' the hero , excuse me - but - since when does the hero in any book that 's called romance , sleep around with just anyone who happens to be in heat ?? Just because she 's on drugs ... . Get real , I hated this book , about the only thing going for it is the nice paper and print . I own many of Ms. Coulter 's books and disappointed just does n't say what I feel about this book ... And what in the world happened to `` Savich '' ????? If all you are going to write about is his hard stares - do n't bother to put him or `` Sherlock '' in your next book , give the couple some dignity .
 The inside cover sounded as good as her other RS ; however it is written in first person , and for me , that was a stopper ! By writting in the third person one gets the views of others that are involed in the story , from their thoughts , not just the one telling the story , as is done in the third person .
 The Maze , one of my favorite books in recent years , turned me on to Catherine Coulter -- I anxiously awaited this new novel to discover the recent activities of Sherlock and Savich -- too bad I had to read the rest of the book to find out . It was painful and incredibly disappointing -- I 'm praying her next novel is much , much better and that she takes her readers into consideration -- the male point of view just does n't cut it in first person for a romance novel -- The Target worked with a male protagonist , but this one lost me by page 3 . Please , oh , please Ms. Coulter , come back to us -- where did you go ?
 I 'm an avid reader of Ms. Coulter 's , but this book was a big disappointment . There was no real plot . There was no definition of the characters . And I do n't think Ms. Coulter had a definite plan for the ending as she just ended the book . I was left with the feeling that she just threw it together .
 I didnot enyjoy this one at all , I gave it2 stars only because of S and S . The 1st person was eally hard to get into .
 This was the first book that I read by Catherine Coulter , and I am scolding myself for almost stopping with it . I have read many of her books now and I ca n't help but wonder if she had another person write this . The begining seems interesting , but it falls flat about the second chapter in . Mac is in the hospital , almost too weak to feed himself , but then he just sits up and leaves . But it gets better . In the rainforest , there are gun shot wounds and no food and the sexually aroused Mac , but miraculously , they endup at a Club Med . Now this may have all been okay , but it was written in first person from a man 's point of veiw . Where did this come from ? The love story and plot seemed to be thrown in at the end . The mystery was lacking , and it was n't very suspenseful . If you want a good book by Coulter , try the first three or any of her historical romances . ...
 I find it sad to see Coulter lose the unique style that made her early works absolutely wonderful .
 I am a long time fan of Catherine Coulter and have read almost all of her books . It 's a shame , when you know that an author can write books really well , to read one that is so poorly put together . After a week , I still have n't finished it -- this from a reader that usually finishes a book this size in a few hours.The first person perspective contributes to the very disjointed feeling I had throughout much of the beginning of the book . The story seemed to jump around a lot , bringing in lots of characters right at the beginning . I had a hard time keeping track of them all . In addition , I could see no motivation for many characters actions.Worst of all -- even though this is not technically a romance , I still feel Coulter should have followed some of the basics of romantic writing that she is so well known for and successful at . Particularly , I felt that Mac 's `` quickie '' with Cal early on was too weird . Not even 2 days later he is in bed with Laura . This makes it very hard to believe in our hero , or to believe that our heroine -LRB- Laura -RRB- is n't a fool for falling for him.I could go on and on about how poorly editted this book was , how inconsistent the jacket flap was with what the book was about , etc. . Even the paper is deceptively thick to make the book appear to be more than it is . If Coulter is going to continue in the hardcover arena , she and her publisher need to spend more time on improving on the quality of the writing and finished product . I will probably keep looking for the `` next book '' from Catherine Coulter , but I will take a careful look for reviews before I buy it .
 This is the first book I have read by this author , and it will be the last . It would make a poor grade b movie of the week , absent the nudity and sex . Even the sex was bad ! I got the feeling that maybe her publisher was bugging her to get this one out he door . The character development was very poor , the action was illogical and the premise was like something in a batman comic . Stark naked the heroes were able to escape from their captors twice in rapid succession using essentially the same predictable methods . How ridiculous ! The period of time in the jungle was drivel . It seemed as if she used this to make a page quota . This is one of the worst books I 've ever read .
 The Edge was the first book of Ms Coulters I 've ever read and it will be the last . I had to finish by reading parts out loud to my boyfriend ... we howled ! They use a machete to cut a passage through the rain forest ... and then they `` minimize '' the trail?How can she be a bestseller ?
 I loved CC 's `` The Maze '' and `` The Cove , '' and thought that `` The Target '' was one of the best books I have read . After reading such great works , `` The Edge '' was disappointing . The story line was just not believable . Not one of her best , but she is still a great mystery writer and I am looking forward to her next venture . Give us more of Sherlock !
 I read as many of CC 's books that I can get my hands on , and I was very disappointed in this one . The story was quite unbelievable and stupid at times .
 Well , I usually love CC books , and really have gotten into her contemporary suspense ... The Cove and The Maze my personal favorites . However , Edge did nothing for me . The first person did not bother me , but for a while there seemed to be no plot , and than you had this huge jump into a jungle ... nothing connected very well . If you are a diehard fan of CC than I do suggest you read it to see for yourself . But I would not recommend buying it in hardcover . Wait until it comes out to paperback , or check your local library .
 Jay Caselberg 's `` Wyrmhole '' starts out with a lot of promise
 Reading this book , it 's not hard to see what the writer was going for . However , it is n't hard to see that he did n't quite get it , either . The quoted reviews on the book lead one to believe this is a tense thriller , and an intriguing lead-in dangles a promise of delivering . Unfortunately , the story grows ever more flaccid and relies more heavily on hard-boiled cliche to advance the story.Unlike the masters of the detective genre , the author neglected to weave a cohesive story , or convincing motivations for the various players . Credibility is stretched thin as the author asks us to believe that there is a credible need for psychic detective services for this problem ; that those involved in the coverup are dangerous folks , even while they 're paying for the investigation and never do more than render the investigator unconscious to keep him from the truth ; that the psychic investigator in question is clued in to the answers by visions connected tenuously -LRB- at best -RRB- and so obtuse as to defy any rational explanation.The author certainly has some good ideas , but this story certainly was n't polished enough to warrant publishing in this form .
 The book was a big disappointment.Highly hyped and recommended.The story fizzled quickly and the characters were duds.If I could say anything about the book , it would be that some really neat ideas were ruined by uncompelling writing .
 When I first saw this book , I thought , `` Wow , this looks really cheezy , but I 'll buy it anyway as a quick read . `` Then I got into the premise . `` Wow ! '' , I thought , `` I was wrong , `` This could be really cool . '' The idea of a tracker who can do what he can do because of a feral upbringing by wolves seemed to be working out well , and some of the plot twists were great.But as I got into it , character development for all but the main guy seemed to stop dead . Further in , I found the actions of the characters less and less believable . It started with the tough FBI agent who considers Ukiah , the lead , a suspect one day , and is madly in love with him the next . The casual acceptance of Ukiah 's real story by all concerned in the book at their first hearing seems even harder to accept.Having said that , the plot is good , although there are some leaps that seem a bit sudden and poorly contrived . The concept is good , and it would have been a better book if it had been covered in more space so the characterizations and plot twists did n't seem so forced or wodden .
 As a non native English speaker and a former student in languages , I consider myself a pretty good speller . But I know that some people find English spelling really frightening . Unfortunately this is not a book for them.It is for people who master well enough the language and can make distinctions between various forms and spellings of English . Even those who think they are excellent at spelling , can still take a look at some of the exercises . You might find out that there are still words you do n't know how to write them correctly.And for those of you who still have a long way to go to master the English language , get a good grammar book and do n't worry too much
 Very well writen stoy about the ` good ' shape shifter . Book would have been great with just that story ... the whole bad shapeshifter story ... sorry ... lost me ... total let down of an ending ... Sure the reveal was a surprise but the culmination ... bleh ...
 From the first few pages of the book , it promises to be an enjoyable read with a great premise that seems to have limitless potential . Unfortunately you quickly realize that the author was n't really sure where to take this idea and how to develop it . Half way through the book you start to realize that this is not going anywhere and with every read page , my interest in the book was greatly diminishing . The ending feels rushed and completely dissatisfactory , as though the author decided that he wrote enough for publishing complete book and did n't feel like putting any effort in completing the story . To add to this , lots of things in the book do n't really make much sense from any logical point of view . I 'm not sorry about the money I paid for the book , I am sorry for the time I wasted reading . .
 I picked this book out because it was on the Nebula Award Winner list . I thought it had a decent chance of being a good book if it had won such an award . I felt somewhat disappointed.While it was entertaining enough to keep me reading to the last page , there were several things I did n't like about it .1 . The characters were rather flat until the very end when they picked up a little depth .2 . The chameleon seemed like a device thrown in to keep the reader going rather than any real part of the story .3 . There were a few spots where the author shifted from calling the changeling by It to She , which may have been intentional but was distracting .4 . There was no reason for either the chameleon or the changeling to be on Earth .5 . The ending was underwhelming ; it should have been more dramatic and meaningful to make the book work .6 . A reviewer on the back of the book called it ` hard ' science fiction , but this was NOT hard sci-fi . It was more like a cross between sci-fi and fantasy . If you can so easily bend or break the accepted laws of nature , and give no plausible explanation , then it 's not hard sci-fi .
 Haldeman 's Forever War is a masterpiece and deserving of all the praise and critical acclaim it has received . So I picked up Camouflage based on that reputation . I do n't think I could have been more disappointed . This is derivative to the nth order . First there 's the mysterious impenetrable alien object . Shades of 2001 . But it 's under the ocean . So that makes it somewhat of a Sphere rip-off too . Complete with aliens.But these are n't your ordinary aliens . These are sexual predators -LRB- that is what you would call someone who tricks someone else into sex under false pretenses -RRB- , into sex with humans , and who participate in some of the most gruesome human experimentation in human history . They can also take any form they want , again , useful for tricking humans . This sounds like a job for good old James T. Kirk and his intrepid ability to bed every alien shapeshifter in the galaxy.If you think Kirk is a well-rounded character and him in bed with aliens is the high-point of sci-fi , adjust my rating to 5 stars . Otherwise , this is an easy book to skip if you 've read 2001 , Sphere , or probably countless other alien artifact books .
 I liked the concept of two aliens roaming the planet changing themselves and events around them . This could have been a much better book but I got the sense that the Author was rushing to get to the end . The first third of the book is intriguing but then its downhill from there . I think he should take this story re-write it when he has some time to really finish it .
 With his last two novels - the very under-rated `` The Coming '' and his psuedo-alternate history `` Guardian '' - Joe Haldeman has taken the short but sweet approach to telling his story ; a long and winding build-up which leads to the short , sharp ending/twist . I loathe to describe it as an long story or joke with a sharp punchline at the end , but the comparison seems apt . This approach has so far worked for Haldeman due to his strong approach in developing his characters through a time period based narrative . However , in `` Camouflage '' , it seems that Haldeman is starting to get a bit lax.The year is 2019 and marine biologist Russell Sutton is working in the Pacific with his company that specialises in deep-ocean salvaging -LRB- his crew achieved fame through their rising of The Titanic -RRB- . Russell is approached by Jack , a retired naval officer who enlists him to retrieve a mysterious oval object lying off the coast of Samoa . In the second storyline , we follow the `` Changeling '' , an alien that has been on Earth since the dawn of evolution . Having taken the form of marine animals for most of its time , the Changeling takes on a human form in the 1930 's and begins its journey to learn about humans.The secondary storyline of the alien 's development over a period of a century is typical Haldeman - an entertaining memoir like account of events and happenings that brings us in to liking the character . However , problems arise when we jump back to the present with Russell and Jack . These characters are less developed than the Changeling and in the end they come across as one-dimensional characters . It is not a good thing when the alien character appears more human than the humans.Another problem is Haldeman 's idea - the idea of an ancient alien artifact which involves 2 alien species , in a time where humans are ready for such a discovery is not new , but is interesting enough . However , Haldeman does not develop it well enough . It seems like the idea came as an afterthought . The end result is we follow the characters but to where , we do not know . The pace of the novel builds up in intensity like a thriller , but the only mystery we have here is the mystery of whether anything will actually happen.Haldeman 's development of characters is still engaging but here , he has failed to make them of any use . Here , he is failing to develop a proper story , which makes Camouflage seem stale and pointless . Those are two words which I never imagined I would use for a writer which gave the word the powerful novel , `` The Forever War '' . In Camouflage , it seems Haldeman is writing on auto-pilot and following a template .
 This book was over all interesting . A quick read that engrosed at parts , but left me feeling cheated . He went in to too much detail in parts that did n't matter to the over all story . Other parts that were essential leave the reader questioning his motives . The end felt like the author just got tired of rambling on and decided to put the story out of its proverbial misery.Frankly , it just disappointed me .
 A `` changeling '' has been on Earth at least a million years , mostly in the form of various sea creatures , until deciding to become human . The changeling is callous toward human life , but slowly , very slowly , comes to appreciate humans , assuming every identity from circus dwarf to university professor , and slowly learning to love . In the meantime , another alien , a `` chameleon '' , has been on Earth -LRB- its origin is murky -RRB- . This chameleon has no empathy toward humans whatsoever.Then explorers discover , unknowingly , the changeling 's original ship that brought it to Earth millennia ago . They begin an effort to retrieve it from a deep ocean trench , study it , and open it.And one day the ship `` talks '' to them . And the chameleon learns that he is not the only alien on Earth , and it is jealous of its unique status.That 's the sci-fi story . The book really is about the `` humanization '' of the changeling . It 's not a pretty story , and it really is n't a plausible story . It picks up a dozen or so university degrees , discovers sex , experiences a prison camp during WWII , and more . It lives , and `` dies '' , as necessary to gain new experiences . This detail is silly and extraordinarily `` juvenile '' for an invulnerable , experienced , and intellectually advanced species.I expected better . `` Nuff said .
 I found Haldeman 's work easily digestible , yet unsatisfactory . There are a number of weaknesses evident in the writing style and plot development . The most irritating have already been indicated by other reviewers . Looking to read anything at all ? This is your book . If you want better Haldeman , check out The Forever War .
 I like Haldeman ... well liked anyway.What could have been a terrific story ends up with lack of depth and is rife with inconsistency in logic and technology . The good news however is that this type of effort draws television production like mice to that which is cheesy .
 Is this a reprint of a 1960s book , with a very similar plot and set of characters , including the egg ?
 This book fell into my hands when I was looking for a quick read while on travel . I only browsed the back cover and thought it might be interesting - which was a misunderstanding on my side that became clear already in the first chapter . First of all , shapeshifters really are n't my kind of thing even if they need more than a few seconds to change their appearance . The prehistoric introduction reads like an unsuccessful try at literature and gives away most of the details -LRB- or could-be-secrets -RRB- behind the aliens . There are some half-hearted tries to blend several war episodes with the story and set the stage for a twist in the end that really becomes very transparent already in the first half of the book . The aliens ' motivations are barely beyond stereotypical , sometimes a little too obviously meant to be controversial when in fact they are not . The human side is even worse and borders on being embarrassing - one wants to suggest to move away from the ever-present war theme and spend a little more time on other aspects of human character . It 's a short book though and the fast action carries it along too . I 'll give Mr Haldeman an extra star for this one mainly because his `` Marsbound '' was infinitely worse and I still need to read the highly praised `` Forever War . ''
 I was ultimately dissappointed with Runner , many of the reasons of which have been mentioned in previous reviews . One of the review quotes on the book claim that Rebo is one of Dietz 's most fully realized characters . This is misleading , as mentioned in a previous review , the characters in this book are rather cliche . They are all reminiscent of characters we 've seen in a dozen previous science fiction movies and novels and thus fail to set themselves apart . I could substitute Rebo with Hans Solo and essentially have exactly the same novel . The same can be said for all the other characters.The cliches arent just reserved for the characters , but the settings as well . One of the first planets we are introduced to in the novel is a desert planet full of arabesque characters run by villainous royalty . Apparently deserts can only be occupied by arabian people , and if so , they must be corrupt . I suggest that future writers read -LRB- Reel Bad Arabs
 I tried hard to like this book , and for the first 100 or so pages it was quite enjoyable . Unfortunately , after that it became repetitive and formulaic
 Before reading Runner I had a great deal of respect for William Dietz as a `` military '' Science Fiction author . His Legion of the Damned series was inventive , well thought out , and believable.Unfortunately , Runner is none of the above . The entire novel is a series of chase scenes populated by characters of exceedingly low intelligence . Generally you can tell what obvious mistake is going to be made by whom a good ten pages beforehand.And the characters do not ever seem to learn from their mistakes , repeating them in different situations . The true miracle of the book is that the ensemble survives to the last page.Much is made of Dietz 's interpretation of Tibetan Buddhism , and to his credit he has done his homework here and has created a believable religion . Unfortunately the same can not be said of his post-apocalyptic inter-galactic travel infrastructure . Sentient but manic-depressive starships which can no longer be repaired set the tone for the emotional immaturity of all the characters . A network of `` star gates '' which only a select few know about should be used by the heros to evade capture by the bad guys -- especially since they have the ear of someone who knows where they are . However , since the heros always take the most obvious route , they have only their own incredible stupidity to blame when they are in imminent danger , which happens about every other chapter.As to the ending , it was predicted on page one . At no time in the novel do you not know how it is going to turn out . Which is a pity because while Dietz is not known for his strong endings at least you can usually count on a good ride to get there .
 Except for a level of bloodletting commensurate with contemporary sanguinary , and presumably more realistic , standards , this reads like all those Andre Norton titles I read in my youth -LRB- 1966-1972 -RRB- , pre-New Wave -LRB- H.Ellison 's `` Dangerous Visions '' -RRB- pablum with no physics in support of its many deus ex machina.Juvenile , uncompelling scifi trappings for a Robert Louis Stevenson pastiche without wordsmithing to match.Since I got both from the public library , I will read the sequel in hope of finding some redemption for the expended ink , paper and hours lost to plodding through this dog.Do not waste a nickel on purchasing this , let alone precious reading time .
 I enjoyed Dietz ' story , although there were a few too many miracle escapes in the plot for my taste.However , I have never read any novel , anywhere , that had even one quarter of the grammar errors and wrong word choices that this one had . I 'm sure many authors make such errors , but ordinarily they are caught in editing . Not this time , they were n't . Dietz is in love with sentence fragments . One or two of those might be artistically meaningful , but there are closer to a hundred of them in the book . Twice he uses the word `` perspective '' when he means `` prospective '' . I do n't have it in front of me -LRB- I took it back to the library , grateful that I did n't pay for it ! -RRB- or I would list some of the other problems . Potholes on an otherwise smooth road . -LRB- There , look , a sentence fragment ! -RRB-
 ... this series is too dark and violent for me . I 'll stick with Tinker .
 `` Bitter Waters '' picks up where `` Tainted Trail '' left off -- litterally , one day later . U. and his partner , M. , are private detectives . They arrive home and are immediately drawn into investigating child kidnappings and a cult that has turned to crime . If you have n't read the previous books , U. is an alien pretending to be a human , and the detective work is greatly complicated by alien threats to Earth.My problems with `` Bitter Waters '' were twofold . First , if you have read the previous novel , the beginning of this one goes really slowly . After the first 57 pages , there really is n't any reason to go back and read either `` Tainted Trail '' or the book before , because you 've just read it . To be fair , I prefer stand alone books to sequels . Second , the main plot is that U. 's son is kidnapped , and I abhor kidnapped children plots , particularly when the main character 's child is kidnapped . I 'm a parent , and this just is n't a laughing matter for me.I recommend this novel to people who do n't mind kidnapped children plots and either have n't read Spencer 's U. books before or adore sequels . All else is well done .
 Too many character motivational problems to hit them all ... What was the point of the alien church and city ? Why did his nurse wait for him ? What were the glowing blue stones ? How did he evolve from waif to thug to lost scion of leading family ? Why did Blackburn die ? What motivated him to decide to resurrect the aliens ? Finally , If he had the ultimate book of the universe in his possession for 3 + -LRB- ca n't tell actual chronology -RRB- years , while building and planning , why would n't he think to actually READ IT ????
 SHIP OF FOOLS was one of my top Sci-fi reads of all times so I was expecting something grand but was greatly disappointed by this alleged `` space opera '' . Comparing THE ROSETTA CODEX to the space operas of , say , Alistair Reynolds is like comparing a VW Beatle with a Mercedes . Starting with the obvious . The story makes 0 -LRB- zero -RRB- sense . It 's another case of an age of hyper-technology where Bronze Age folks live placidly side by side with miraculous technology . People travel to the stars , create wondrous materials , build fantastical buildings but ride in canoes !! Also making no sense is the Codex itself . It it 's purpose was re-genesis of an alien race then why go to the trouble of writing it in various Earth languages ? And why does the race need regenerating in the first place ? And why ca n't the the humans figure out this alien language except through a Rosetta Stone/Codex ? In the far future do computers exist and if so , would n't they be slightly more powerful than a Dell laptop circa 2008 ? Not only was the plot awful , it was also boring and tedious and VERY light reading - more operetta than opera . Big writing , large font , short paragraphs AND chapters . The story starts with Cale , age 5 , jumps to age 14 , then jumps again to age 17 -LRB- or 18 - we 're not sure -RRB- . What little action that does exist is quite tame and VERY brief . He has a few close encounters with the opposite sex that end up badly . Fully a fourth of the book is given over to what may be the most boring overland treks in modern literature . Along the way he meets a few people , almost all of which are thoroughly unremarkable . During one stop in a `` ghost town '' Cale , our intrepid hero , finds an alien `` book '' . -LRB- Who would have imagined that ultra-advanced aliens read and published books like you and me and stored their data in such a perishable format instead of , for example , a disk or cube ? Oh well , ours is not to reason why ... -RRB- The Rosetta Codex was surrounded by heavy , stones that emitted a blue glow . They show up one more time in the story before disappearing without a trace or an explanation . A stranger stalks and attempts to aid young Cale several times in his life before finally turning against him . The reason for this interest is never explained like so many things . The ending is par for the course , hokey as hogwash , predictable sci-fi fare - pass through a mysterious space gate to another dimension , enter a futuristic large complex , meet a not-so-weird advanced alien who , in order to communicate , crams what appears to be a football helmet on a retarded man -LRB- sorry - it 's not my tale -RRB- . This alien is also able to discern between good and evil humans and sticks up for the good guys -LRB- our hero , of course -RRB- . By the way , the alien moves and talks like Klaatu , the fake robotic creature in THE DAY THE EARTH STOOD STILL . At least he did not give us a warning about atomic weapons . My grade - D -
 First let 's understand the author . Russo really is n't much of a science fiction author . The Calucci novels were police procedurals that took place in the future . Most of them could have been published by St. Martin 's press rather than a science fiction imprint . Now I like science fiction mysteries . I really like space operas and science fiction adventures . Unfortunately this is a slightly interesting novella that was n't thought through and then was stretched into a novel.Now let 's look at the book . Maybe not . Really it 's not that captivating . When most of the book is spelled out on the back cover then you 're in trouble . The main character is one dimentional , souless , with no real change in his personality or sign of growth in spite of his trials . His trusty side kick is an improbable plot device with no motivation for supporting the main chaaracter and no explanation as to several odd events that occur around her . In point of fact , no character is really that interesting and the book 's ending is so brief as to make me wonder if an editor cam along and said : `` Look Russo , we 're under contract to publish this thing but you can at least cut 70 pages out . I mean have n't you bored your readers enough ? `` There are better authors out there
 His fisrt three novels were wonderful , gritty , dark noir sci-fi . This one howerver ...
 The back cover makes this book sound like an entirely different book than it actually is . Whoever wrote the synopsis for the back cover should be fired because it sounds nothing like the book that I read , except for maybe one or two things that did happen in the book . It makes it sound like it 's mainly about two sisters but it 's actually about one sister and her sexual exploits with a hot guy and another sister thrown in every 10 pages or so.Martha is the main character in here . We get to read how perfect she and her life is for a little while . Then her husband leaves her and the whining about that goes on for quite a long time . Nothing interesting happens in that time except for Martha falling apart . Then Martha goes to a salsa club and meets Jack . Then the mind-blowing sex they have is written in every detail several times . In some ways , I have a hard time believing that Martha is the best mother , like Adele Parks wants us to believe . I mean , it seems Martha is out every night with Jack and when they 're not out at different places , then they 're having sex all over Martha 's house with Martha 's two children and Martha 's sister in the house . Of course we have a couple scenes thrown in so we think Martha is just the best.We also have what seems to be the same phone conversations between Martha and her ex husband , Michael . Those conversations consist of Martha whining and asking why he left and Michael is always distant and snobby . It got to be old really fast . Yet another thing that kept on repeating was the conversation between Eliza and Martha , in which Eliza would say how Jack was just going to break Martha 's heart and Martha going on and on about how he makes her feel young and she wo n't fall in love with him and just how he 's the perfect guy . I wish whoever edited this book would have cut some of those conversations out because it was just the same thing over and over and the reader only needs to read it once to get how Eliza stands about Jack.I really did n't care for the character of Martha , if you could n't tell already . At first , she just seems too rigid and then after Jack , she acts like a teenager even though she still has responsibities . There was just nothing for me to connect with and therefore I did n't root for her at all . The book also goes on and on about how she feels and after awhile , I just started to scan the pages until I found anything semi-interesting to read.Eliza , the other sister , gets very little space in this book . It 's almost like her story is an afterthought . In the beginning she is shown as the wild child of the two sisters . But then Eliza decides it 's time to grow up and so she dumps the guy who she feels is to immature for her . The rest of the book , Eliza is pretty much the baby-sitter to Martha 's children and the person Adele Parks ' puts in when she needs someone to argue with Martha . Before and when there 's a lull in Martha 's sexploits , Eliza goes on a few dates but the men she goes out with are all wrong . There 's really no middle to Eliza 's story-just a beginning and an end.I would not recommend this book to anyone . `` In her shoes '' is a much better book about the relations between sisters . `` Lust for life '' or `` The other woman 's shoes '' as it was published in the UK , is just a wannabe compared to Jennifer Weiner 's `` In her shoes '' . I also have `` Larger than Life '' by Adele Parks , which I have n't read yet but I 'm hoping it 's quite a bit better than `` Lust for Life '' .
 This book had me scratching my head , wondering how it got published . There was nothing to sustain it for the first two hundred pages apart from two events , Eliza leaves her lover and her sister Martha gets dumped by her husband . So I waded through that bit hoping for something a bit more interesting than descriptions of Martha cleaning up after the kids and drinking her woes away and Eliza going on dull dates with dull men.But the only thing that happened after that was that Martha met a two dimensional prat called Jack who had a big penis and that apparently was the cure all for being heartbroken . After that I stopped reading , because frankly I was bored . Sorry Adele , your characters are about as believable as those in a day time soap .
 Ok , I realize novels are n't necessarily realistic . And perfect-looking marriages do break up unexpectedly and for no apparent reason . But how often does a perfect , gorgeous man willing to take on a divorcee and her two small children show up immediately ? Even if it happens , it 's not interesting . Even worse is the other sister 's dilemma ... she wants a mature responsible husband instead of her flighty Peter Pan boyfriend . In the end she gives up and settles for the boyfriend , who has not changed at all . She apparently needs more self-esteem or she would not accept the unacceptable . Does anyone learn or grow in this book ? It seems Martha does n't have to , and Eliza just regresses . A depressing book , which does n't ring true to real life .
 Very slow moving in the beginning . The main character , Martha explains her feelings and thought processes ... redundantly . I thought that the 2 sisters would actually be switching places ... like twins . But they only switched lives metaphorically . Generally predictable with a completely unrealistic Hollywood ending . The only thing it had going for it ... the English slang . But the word `` whilst '' seems to be overused .
 Fans of R.A. Lafferty will likely appreciate this one , but I lost interest and patience not far into the book . Probably a better book than I give it credit for , but I just ca n't do semi-silly any more .
 I was looking forward to reading this one , but in the end I barely made it through . Stross shovels on an unbelievable amount of jargon from page one , and that 's all there really ever is . I never got the sense that Stross was ever interested in making this more than an bolted together mess of the current hot topics in Sci Fi.The characters are two dimensional , poorly formed and motivated , and undergo almost no development . You never get the sense that they 're anything more than jargon mouthpieces - with the one exception , they largely march through the plot , never really taking in , reacting to , or feeling anything . The bold print passages that link what I 'm assuming were formerly independent short stories seem rushed . And do n't even get me started on the endless run-on sentences ... In the end , I 'd hoped for a lot more given the hype surrounding this book .
 It is rare that I am unable or unwilling to finish reading a book . I could n't even make it through the first 50 pages of this one . -LSB- My worst all time is Arthur & George that my wife insists I must read , but I ca n't seem to make it past the second page of that one . -RSB- I felt obliged to finish the first story in this book . I do n't know why . It was awful.I have no problem with Stross ' muddled vision . The problem is his writing style is absolutely horrible . Do n't believe me , select `` random page '' and see if it grips you.It feels like the author is struggling to be clever in each and every sentence . He fails horribly.I do n't get the book . His over-reaching style clouds the story that he is attempting to tell.There are much better alternatives available . Do n't buy this one .
 The first 50 pages of ACCELERANDO were exciting and insightful and mind-blowing and fascinating and fun . And then it became a self-parody of overwrought , ideas-at-the-expense-of-interesting-characters science fiction . Given all the praise for this book , I was sharply disappointed .
 I attempted to read this , got about 60 pages in and decided that it was n't worth the effort . I did n't like the main character , did n't care what happened to him and was n't impressed with the authors attempts to think of 17 radical ideas before breakfast and then include them all in the book . The first several chapters read instead like short stories that were a showcase of all the amazing ideas that the author came up with but were only thinly linked with the other chapters leaving the plot somewhat disjointed and incoherant . I 've mentioned in other reviews that it takes a fair bit for me to not finish a book once started but so far i 've been unable to convince myself to finish two Charles Stross books .
 Next to no science in this science fiction - it 's mostly a world of reimagined legal and business systems that do n't hold even fictional water . As for the style - meme spew .
 Having read some of the author 's short stories and loved them , and being a fan of all forms of science-fiction , I snatched up `` Accelerando '' when I saw it in a store . I took it on holiday with me , where in two weeks I read seven books . At the start of the holiday , I read the first 100 pages of `` Accelerando '' . On the plane trip home , with nothing to read , but I left the book unfinished.Despite the enthusiasm with which the author writes , and the great dialogue and narrative , the story just does n't go anywhere . For two hundred pages the main character spoke to other characters and had his external memory stolen , leaving him semi-amnesiac . But that was all . He found his memory , which was stored in his intelligent glasses . I did n't find any motivation to read on.The book 's full of awesome ideas . There are a lot of ideas for tech , for how the world might be , how it might look , what its people will be like - there are philosophical questions , emotional tangles , relationship difficulties . But there are so many of these that the story goes nowhere . It 's interesting to read , but there 's no drive to continue the story , because the first half of the book has little story indeed . In fact it seems to be structured in smallers stories lumped together to form a disjointed novel , with gaps of years in places and few stories threads picked up from the last chunk . Really , it 's too much of a good thing - far too much . Why the author did n't incorporate these ideas into a focused series of short stories , for example , and take advantage of them , I have no idea . He instead wastes them in a novel that passes them by immediately , while at the same time managing to slow the actual story to a crawl.It 's a shame I never finished this book . I tried . I 've only ever failed to finish one other book in all my life , and I 'd hoped it would be the only one . I 'd only recommend `` Accelerando '' if you have a lot of time and a lot of patience . The ideas are truly wonderful , as is the snappy style . It 's just a shame it gets in the way of the actual plot .
 I 've never read Stross but I had high hopes going in to this one . I could n't have been more let down.His writing is so complexly written that it is barely readable . And I do n't mean he needed to dumb it down . I mean his sentence structures were convoluted enough to make Accelerando seem worse than it was . A few examples : `` A standard network of independent companies , instantiated as cellular automata within the Ring Imperium switched legal service environment . '' -LRB- Pg . 206 -RRB- `` Economics 2.0 apparently replaces the single-direction layer of conventional money , and the multiple-inderection mappings of options trades , with some kind of insanely baroque object-relational framework based on paramatized desires and subjective experiential values of the players , and as far as the cat is concerned , this makes all the transactions intrinsically untrustworthy . -LRB- Pg . 341 -RRB- '' '' ... and in this reincarnation-intermediated traditionalist polity for the hopelessly orthohuman , you can score credit for formality . -LRB- Pg . 382 -RRB- `` Add to that a dizzying amount of `` ideas '' for virtually everything , such as suitcases and handbags that have emotions , lobsters that talk , ghosts of yourself everywhere collecting information , spaceships the size of a coke can , or duplicating yourself and having different lives and consciousness . It is all too much and drowns out any possible storyline that is hiding behind all the superfluous ideas.A quote on the back of the book says `` Stross sizzles with ideas ... '' , unfortunately that is all there is to this book . I might try another book of his but it may be a long time coming because of how boring and slow this one was , and if I do it will be with trepidation , knowing that I will probably find the same style of writing . Not a recommend .2.5 stars .
 The three parts of this book do n't fit well together AT ALL . The only part of this book I found satisfying to read was Part II . Part I & III I had to push myself to read , and I just wound up skimming Part III to the very end . The visions of the future are quite interesting and thought-compelling , I give the author that . But at the same time , use of words like `` blog '' , `` Economics 2.0 '' , `` IP address '' completely take away from the feeling that this book is supposed to take place in the future , since we all know these terms TODAY , and no doubt these terms will be replaced soon by other things . Knowing in advance the book is a `` collection '' of shorter stories at least helps me to understand why it was not a satisying read , as these type of hodge-podge books tend to always feel fragmented . This book was utlimately pointless , and I am surprised others seem to rate it high . If you 're going to read it , either check it out of the library , or buy the paperback . Not worth paying hard cover price .
 Started out somewhat OK . Sometimes the `` humor '' reached Neal Stephenson lows , but it was n't nearly as annoying . Then the Singularity happened , and things just went downhill.I do n't think I 'm the right target for these `` idea '' novels . Some of the ideas can be interesting , but I 'd rather read them in non-fiction , rather than have to endure bad , `` witty '' , `` hip '' writing from people who do n't seem to care about writing as an actual craft.For all the flack that nerds give William Gibson , at least the man can put a sentence together artfully and evocatively ; something that these authors that get compared to him in the sales blurbs ca n't seem to do .
 While I will acknowledge that Stross ' depiction of the future is imaginative , this book is devoid of both plot and characterization . It is no more than a bombastic showcase of his numerous technological ideas and an exercise in self-indulgence . To use one of his terms , this book is `` dumb matter . ''
 There seems to be a good , interesting story here . But the author throws out so much confusing technical jargon and ideas and concepts that much of the time I 'm left bewildered as to what is actually happening . He might know the significance of Windows NT but I certainly do n't . The author writes like a computer whiz , which is fine if you can understand him . I ca n't so much of the book is disappointing to read .
 Summary of the first 80 pages
 Yes , yes , I know ... this was based off a series of short stories . Unfortunately it should have stayed that way . The writer , IMHO , tries to be too clever by simply throwing as many concepts as he can at you and `` seeing what sticks to the wall '' so-to-speak . For true , post-singularity reading joy , I 'd recommend the Culture series of novels by Iain M. Banks .
 As a lot of other reviewers have noted , ` Accelerando ' is teeming with ideas , and they show a lot of promise . In addition , there are also a lot of promises made within the text itself about the use of these ideas in creating a cool story . Unfortunately , the book is largely a record of wilted expectations and unfulfilled promises . There 's a good example of this in the 7th story , where one character teases the reader by musing about the difficulties of writing a story about the post-human future , where people can `` fork their identities at random , spend years dead before reappearing on the stage , and have arguments with their relativistically preserved other copy . '' These possibilities could lead to all sorts of interesting plots and literary devices . It 's surprising that none of them are exploited in any meaningful sense . There almost seems to be a deliberate effort to avoid dealing with any of the storytelling potential/challenges of the ideas-for example , on the one occasion when a relatavistically preserved copy could meet a stay at home original or copy , the opportunity is thoroughly ruled out.Instead of exploiting any of these really cool ideas in constructing the plots , ` Accelerando ' delivers a strange stew of pointless and stereotypical dramatized scenes embedded in a matrix of flat narrative and sketchy scenes which move the story along . There are n't many attempts to maintain or build any sort of tension or interest even considering the chapters as short stories . Incidents , setbacks and ideas are introduced and summarily resolved within a few pages and most are dismissed within a few sentences or paragraphs . An oft-cited distinguishing feature of the post-human is the exocortex . This stems from the brain 's development of expanded capacity as a result of the evolution of direct interfaces with technological and software/informational networks . It 's a pretty cool idea . However , in the book the exocortex is generally treated as an occasionally useful fashion/information accessory almost indistinguishable from a Blackberry . The exocortex looms large once , when the character Macx has his interface -LRB- a pair of glasses -RRB- stolen . Anyway , the resulting mess could easily become the backbone of a whole chapter or three , but the final justification for this maimed and hastily dispatched subplot seems to be making fun of a Scottish accent . ` Accelerando ' is remarkable for the amount of direct commentary from the person/s telling the story . A fair amount of the narrative is both unmediated and undramatized , so it has an essay-like or sermony quality . I think that several thousand years of storytelling experience suggest that narrators are most effective in such situations when they assume a character -LRB- however tenuous -RRB- so that the reader can experience the story with them and take the assertions , judgments and feelings of the narrative voices in the right vein . Another lapse in characterization has to do with the chronicling of the disastrous impact of post-Singularity developments on the population that does n't want to participate in it . Although the nature of the Singularity is such that neither the people facing it nor we are supposed to be able to understand it , that 's no reason to avoid showing how it threatens them and how the threat is perceived by its unwilling victims . Lots of authors have come up with good treatments about people dealing with natural and other types of vast , inevitable and incomprehensible catastrophes , and the disaster takes on a character of its own-case in point ` A Perfect Storm ' . In the end , ` Accelerando ' seemed like a hodgepodge of material waiting for some big ideas to pull it together into a first draft .
 This book has received great acclaims for the many ideas and concepts presented in it -- if you trust the raves on the cover . As I see it there are mainly two ideas
 This is the kind of book where you push yourself to read to the end as a kind of stoic achievement . The only reason to read it is for periodic excerpts where Stross describes the evolving hyper-tech society . He 's frankly brilliant at extrapolation , and no matter how much SF you 've read you 'll find something new and challenging in this respect.Accelerando is a book almost entirely of dialogue . There is nearly a complete lack of action of even the most basic type . I 'd bet 99 % of the verbs used are simply dialogue cues like `` said '' or `` replied '' . If it were dialogue between interesting characters that generated some suspense this would n't be such a bad thing . But Stross seems to think that describing a `` day in the life '' of his characters is a substitute for a plotline.The characters accomplish some amazing things that would have been fascinating to read about -- but Stross simply SKIPS these parts to focus instead on the aftermath . It 's like watching a football game where somone hits fast forward whenever the ball is snapped and only stops to play the huddles . My recommendation is to get it from a library and skim it for the paragraphs of technological extrapolation conveniently located at the tops of many chapters . It 's what I wish I 'd had done .
 I have a hard time disliking Charles Stross . I really do . He writes like someone who 's in love with their subject and in a good way . The first book of his that I read , `` The Atrocity Archives '' , sold me at the first Cthulhu reference . `` Iron Sunrise '' was quite enjoyable also.But `` Accelrando '' ? Oh god . Where to begin?One of the noted qualities of good literature is that it ages well . In other words , a reader can pick up the book fifty years after it was written and find it enjoyable . Some even hit the hundred or multiple hundred year mark -LRB- Dante , Shakespeare , etc -RRB- and have survived so long because they aged well.If your central character is talking about updating his blog with travel photos and suffering from being Slashdotted in a bar in the very first chapter , you 've already dated yourself horribly at this point . Fifty years down the road , people will read this and have a hard time empathizing with it . Hell , three years down the line it 's almost making me laugh.The barrage of pop-culture memes and references are n't helping much either.When all of these things are dated , irrelevant , or just plain wrong a few years down the line , the book suffers for it . And it 's painful to see a good writer suffer for it too .
 This book managed to come in second in this year 's Hugo Award voting . Unfortunately , I do n't think it deserved that kind of recognition.This is another entry in the ` hard ' sf sub-genre , one that has as its major point of focus the Vingeian Singularity , which assumes that technological progress is on an exponential slope that will eventually lead to a complete breakdown of civilization as we know it , being replaced by artificial intelligences that will consume all the physical resources of the solar system.The book is episodic -LRB- which follows naturally from its roots as separate short stories -RRB- , covering three generations of one family as the world moves from pre-Singularity to post-Singularity times . It also leads to the major problem with this book
 This is the second peice by Stross I have read . I think I am done trying this auther out . I personally do n't like his style but let me give one insight into this book . It is a constant bombardment of tech buzz words thown at you untill you bleed in awe of his techie-ness . Somewhere in there is a little bit of a story ... kinda .
 This book is incoherent . I read plenty of Sci-fi and saw some of the rave reviews and thought I would try this novel . What a mistake - I could not get past the first 30 pages . After that I just flipped through the pages without reading them to see , in vain , if something would grab me . I could not understand what was going on , or what this book was about . I dont understand how someone could write so incoherently . A possible explanation is that some of the reviews mention that this book was originally separate stories.I think the author has a great imagination , is creative and has innovative concepts with respect to cyber technology . However , none of that resulted in a novel that I could comprehend .
 Read this book for ideas and ignore most else . The ideas are entertaining ang probably worth the book cost . Most though are vacuous in that they have probabilities of less than -10 to the 33 . LOLI would rate the book a 7 for ideas , especially as they relate to the internet culture , but the author failed to write a novel and thus gets a 1 for that . It is actually a loose collection of stories , with a mishmash connectivity to each other . This is not a book where you clearly follow a character or even much of an idea . It jumps erratically and is a hyper elongated material universal view which the author did not support informatively.The author presents the major premise that artificial intelligence will arise from the computational memory that we utilitze and that it will become independent and self-replicating . The early pages of cyber punk are used to show this . It is more illusion than based in substance . The problem is this reliance on AI and it 's desire to self-replicate itself ignores the consequences almost immediately . Once nanotechonology is achieved then the small bit self-replicating model of informational computation have no reason not to immediately overrun the Human system . The ` Gray Goo ' references are the failures , but their is no reason that Artificial Life would not immediately start to change Earth and humans from the get go . They would be a success and owe nothing to us . End story line before chapter 4 . Start chapter 4 and a fun beginning that also is not seriously author supported . Amber is a good character , but the technology she uses would have run amok on it 's own course long before they leave for the brown dwarf . The Ring Imperium was good but should have been more deeply developed , especially because when the expedition returns the left behind meat bodies had deviated so much from the expedition members . I loved the coke can spaceship with light sails and the heavy duty laser power system . More , more , and more again needed . The expedition virtual reality society was sub-standard and chaotic . This made it less understandable and brought deep doubt to it 's sustainability . Virtual Image humanity is bizarre enough . The Brown Dwarf Inter and Intra-Galactic Router system is also out there . The problem is the working explanation of the author does not support it 's creation or utilization . Enough , the ideas are staggering good and the application by the author neolithic.The return is the third section and more a ` deuz ex Machina ' than the author says . The outer reality of the unknown is more than Humans could understand and ending the opus opportunity with a cat robot parlaying itself into the greatest god of our creation was too , too much . Yuck The imagery of Super Cat playing with it 's mice as a central support for the story is inane or insane . No points for the ending .
 This book reminds me of the people who throw around fancy words without any real depth to their knowledge . If you want a book packed with techno babble but no interesting plot , then this is for you . And no , this is n't packed with meaningful techno speak that is just above my head - he references complex sounding fields constantly when describing the future , but then does n't say how they are applied or what they do - he just throws out the words.If you want techno-babble that is creative and intelligent , look into Peter F. Hamilton .
 A mishmash of the latest techie memes , linearly extrapolated into ... well , NOTHING . One can almost see Mr. Stross checking off items on his list of technologies as he writes . Sci-fi guys , study nonlinearity and chaos , then crank up your imaginations , please .
 Maybe the first third of this book could be described as fairly interesting . The last half is a massive slog through very boring and seemingly random characters saying and doing fairly ad hoc and meaningless things.At times , it sounds like the author is simply spewing out random ideas through whichever random character he chooses to use at that moment . The character development is absolutely horrendous . By the end , I could n't care less what happened to any of them -- it was like some bad episode of Lost wherein people just go back and forth on the island , pop out unexpectedly , and say random things to each other ... I _ hate _ to get into a book and then feel so utterly put off that I do n't want to finish it . Unfortunately , that is what happened in this case . Do n't bother trying to read this . Really .
 I find it amazing that people can actually read this book . The writing is some of the worst I have ever experienced . There is no smooth flow . I got about 30 pages into it and just could n't take it anymore . It seemed to be more about clever techno-phile BS than anything substantial . Avoid this book .
 While Mr. Stross is bursting with some amazing ideas , he really lacks a clarity of prose and exposition that leaves me feeling like I got bees in my brain . Grab your tech dictionary , acronym list , and a lot of patience for this one . I gave it a good try based on all the good press and the Hugo nom , but it gave me a headache .
 This was a painful read . I bought this and Glasshouse together to read while recovering from surgery . Thankfully , I had also purchased some other titles because after forcing myself to finish Accelerando I could not bring myself to even start Glasshouse.I enjoy when an author creates their own vocabulary to express new concepts but Stross takes this practice to an uncomfortable extreme . The number of new concepts being presented along with their associated descriptors was disorienting and hard to follow . Somewhere around the middle of the book , I decided to stop trying to understand the details and just focused on finishing the larger story . I was disappointed again . The End did not justify the means.My opinion
 Almost every book I read has a `` working title '' which describes how I feel about it . Gaslight Dogs for instance , is forever known to me as `` That problematic colonialism book '' . Accelerando came free on my Kobo reader , and apparently it is filed in my head as `` I like the lobsters best '' . This is a series of linked short stories exploring more and more distant futures of the singularity , when it becomes possible to upload oneself into a computer . Well , there 's some debate about what singularity means , but this is a prospect of our cybernetic future.I really enjoyed the first third of the book , and my affection for it decreased with the technological sophistication the culture was dealing with . By the time the grandchild of our original protagonist is raising a clone of said protaganist as a child , I am a little detatched . In fact , I liked the uploaded Lobsters in Space a little better , probably because they are less prone to human frailty.I am an unabashedly character-based reader , and this book was not so much character-driven as technology-driven . It was an extended musing on the extrapolation of our current cultural obsessions and abilities , and what those might look like decades down the line . I was amused by the idea of rogue AI lawyer-companies all suing humanity back to the stone age.Read if
 When I find an author that I like , I usually buy everything they write and devour it . Very rarely does this fail me , but with Stross I have found him very hit or miss . Singularity Sky was a hit for me . This book was not . I have n't even finished it as the characters are so whimsical and alien to me that I ca n't really care about their futures.To credit the people who have written positive reviews , it is CLEVER writing . The concepts are unique and interesting , but I just do n't care what happens to the characters.In short , I like most of Stross ' works , but this one did n't do it for me .
 Apparently it really is possible to spend too much time with the GNU Manifesto . At least we can take comfort in the knowledge that the personal lubricant industry will do well as the technological singularity approaches.Some observations : - This book is n't bad , but for someone whose lexicon includes all the post-humanist buzzwords -LRB- of which a near complete survey is made herein -RRB- , it 's pretty obvious the underlying stories here are a bit weak . The shamelessly heavy obscurantism here does n't work for anyone with a CompSci degree and who 's read all of the transhumanism Wikipedia articles . - Characters suffer from what I like to call `` post-humanist candy store syndrome '' where post-human characters in a scifi novel have complete control over their -LRB- either real or virtual -RRB- environment , and go nuts with overdone immaturity interacting with it -LRB- i.e. morphing into ridiculous monsters and living out other childish fantasies -RRB- . Even modern humans would get bored of this pretty quick . - Obviously written by an OOP fanboi . References to Python and Java are pretty laughable early on in the book . No attempt is made to continue the detail of following programming language development after a few chapters , probably as a result of the author being incapable of speculation in this area . - Along those lines , the hard scifi level of detail gets continuously more sloppy as the book goes on . - Anti-Objectivist/pro-communist propaganda is laced into the early plot in such a heavy-handed fashion as to just be awkward . - Has several `` well , that 's just stupid '' moments , like killing grey goo with fuel-air explosives bombing and most everything involving the extra-terrestrials encounter . - Exhibits what I 'll hereby christen `` historical gravity well syndrome '' where a scifi novel tries to fill in back-story in a way that over-emphasizes the history of the decade or so before it was written -LRB- i.e. talking about Richard Stallman , George Soros , Noam Chomsky , a thinly-veiled RIAA , etc. , yet nearly completely ignoring the history from the present until the beginning of the book -RRB- . Do humans today spend all their time talking about the 1960s while ignoring everything since then ? - Most importantly , the book 's universe is basically the myopic worldview of the salivating Linux freetards . This makes for a lot of cringe-worthy scenes and dialog that read more like a Slashdot post than an actual novel . - Despite all the above , it 's still nice to see ideas like Matrioshka brains , lightsails , computronium , distributed intelligence , and exocortices come to life , but none of these ideas are original to this book . Hopefully someone less simple-minded will write a better book about them some day .
 This book won the 2001 Philip K. Dick award , and that tells me two things . First , 2001 must have been a monstrously poor year for Science Fiction . And even given that , -LRB- second :-RRB- the standards of this award have become perilously low . I 'll come back to that in the end of my review . I 'm still furious that I wasted time and money on this book , and I want to convey this in my review , too.It 's hard to make my point clear while not giving one or the other hint on how the story plot is developping . It 's not that the publishers would mind , they did n't ask the Wikipedia guys to remove their plot synopsis - but I do n't want to spoil the reading `` fun '' for those who are still willing to buy this ... effort.The plot is not rich enough for a novel and would have been more adequate for a short story - but that is n't even my point of criticism . You could say that the author inflates a short story to a novel , but at least that he 's doing extremely well
 Ship of fools is very readable but I found it rather lacking in the plotting . The author wanted to set up a sense of dread and fear but did so at the cost of any depth . Characters tend to be paper thin and there is not enough background to explain any of their actions . Too much historical background is left unknown never allowing the reader to connect with the story .
 Do not let the excellent wtiting and character development fool you . This is a book that truly underestimates its audience . During the whole book , there are questions , mysteries , and plot that are never resolved . Instead , we are left to think that not all questions are answered in life and to enjoy a sense of mystery.The problem is that what is left unresolved is not trivial , but quite major and essential . So , I truly think that the author developed the questions , plot twists , and other unknown facts WITHOUT EVER INTENDING RESOLVE THEM.Instead , he opted to satisfy his readers with a movie ending.So , I repeat
 While I was initially intrigued by the premise behind this book -- spaceship wandering aimlessly , with no `` memory '' of where it began , no purpose in its wandering -- I was disappointed by the unanswered questions . So much more could have been revealed , which would have added a great deal of interest , not to mention satisfaction , in the last chapter . Who were the aliens ? Why did they impale humans mercilessly ? Why the elaborate ruse of the vessel if the goal was simply to murder humankind?This book was frustrating , to say the least . I do n't recommend it unless the reader is accustomed to multiple unresolved issues .
 The premise seemed good . The cover looked promising . However , this was one of the worst books I 've read in years . I was shocked . It read like a direct-to-video movie . The characterization was unrealistic . Individual character traits , such as the deformities of the main character , were never explained nor added anything to the deapth of the character . There was absolutely NO explination for why the aliens would perform such savage acts on humans , why the humans let them do it , or how they went about performing said acts . There is likewise no explination of how the survivors plan on dealing with the consequences . The history of the ship is hinted at but never explored in any deapth . All in all , the book offers much promise , but delivers about as much as the average Schwarzenegger movie . I would not reccomend it to anyone .
 I 've said to many people that I feel that Sci-Fi is like rock & roll ; and bebop jazz and that most of the important work was done before 1973 . While I acknowledge some good work done since then -LRB- Gene Wolf 's novels come to mind -RRB- , the genre has not produced the innumerable great writers that flourished in the golden age.I had high hopes for `` Ship of Fools ''
 i can not understand why this novel was published , let alone won awards ... as the other Negative reviews state , the setup was interesting . and then the author failed to do anything with it.i will go another step further than many of the Neg reviews , and say that the character development was also very weak -- how many times did you read a character had a `` sly grin '' ? that is not development ! was i the only one who learned that you dont * tell * your readers a character is `` sly '' , you * show * them ! russo didnt show us anything ! he * says * the protagonist & the captain are close friends and have strong history , but he doesnt * show * us anything of the sort!and the oft-praised prose is trite and easily consumed . im a slow reader and i read this 370p jumbo-text book in three days during my free time -LRB- i work FT , have friends , etc -RRB- . i suspect the font was made so large in order to fool buyers into thinking there was more * content * than there really was.as for the villians -- these super smart aliens build a marvel of science & technology , only to drift in space and ... `` KILL ALL HUMANS !! '' so cliche . never explained . why ? because the author himself has no idea why he wrote it this way ... perhaps he didnt realize he was rehashing so many scifi cliches , perhaps he never thought to be critical of alien motivation.it goes on . . lame .
 Pros :1 -RRB- Russo is an excellent writer and very easy to read .2 -RRB- He develops characters well3 -RRB- He describes settings well4 -RRB- He initiates a number of interesting conceptsCons :1 -RRB- Ridiculously incomplete2 -RRB- Virtually every important concept and event introduced was left underdeveloped and unexplainedBottom Line : If I had Russo 's talent for writing , I 'd be embarrassed to release such an incomplete work . Even if a sequel is on its way , this book left me feeling cheated . If he was a poor writer I could have dismissed the book shortly after picking it up , but because he has such obvious talent it was unexpected that he would fail to complete the many interesting concepts introduced .
 This is the story of a spaceship that travels through space for no discernible reason . It has a ruling class and a huge cathedral , a powerful Bishop and a hereditary captain . The latter is advised by the narrator of the story , a man born deformed who wears visible prosthesis . At some point , the ship encounters an alien vessel , and the last part of the book is taken up with efforts to explore the vessel ... I wo n't spoil it for you.The book builds up a bit of suspense but in the end the let down is palpable
 These are the voyages of the starship Argonos , its 5-year mission to ... whoops , what is our mission ? Where are going ? Where did we come from ? This is pretty much the setup for this Philip K. Dick award winning novel by Richard Russo . The Argonos is a starship that has been in space so long that all memory of its mission has been forgotten . Was it meant as an exploration vessel ? A ship to make contact with alien life ? Or was it a liferaft from a doomed Earth ? Nobody knows . So they simply wander the universe with no purpose . I guess that would make them intergalactic existententialists?The ship is divided into distinct and competing social classes with the military , educated and the religious orders at the top while the workers grind away down below . In fact the captain of the ship is losing his grip over his command to the plotting of Bishop Saldano . The main character of the novel is Bartolomeo Aguilera , the boyhood friend and most trusted advisor of the captain . A signal from an unknown planet brings theArgonos to a deserted world . Well , it 's not quite deserted , in a sealed section of a settlement they find thousands of human skeletons impaled on hooks . They show evidence of torture and horrible deaths . Soon after , another signal is received which will lure them to an alien spacecraft and even greater mystery.This novel had so much potential , but it was squandered . Russo never capitalizes on the suspense or horror of the first discovery . Most of the book concerns uneventful exploration , similar to Arthur C. Clarke 's novel Rendezvous with Rama . It 's not very engaging . If I wanted to read about exploration I would buy a memoir of a spelunker , not a science fiction novel . This aspect of the book was just plain boring . The human interaction between the characters was great , especially between Aguilera and the captain , and also a tragic love story between Aguilera and a woman priest.Another negative about the book was the lack of any resolution or explanation of questions which pile up in the book . It 's like Russo leaves us hanging at the end just to prove how mysterious the universe really is . There 's also a subliminal Christian message underlying the whole novel . Maybe the problem with this book was that it was underground religious fiction .
 I was fooled by the `` ship of fools '' . I must say this is one of the weirdest books i 've read , not because it has strange ideas - it has n't - and not because of the plot - it does n't exist - but because I 've finished reading it and I asked myself what ? What did Mr. Russo want to say ? and if indeed want he did - where did it go wrong ? The book is very readable , you can read it cover to cover in a couple of hours , but in the end , I 'm sure you would wonder yourself
 Intensely unsatisfying , Ship of Fools reads at it 's most reductive level as a scattershot elision of Aliens and Event Horizon . You could call it plagiarism if it did n't plainly reek of creative bankruptcy . The theological investigations alluring to so many previous reviewers are pedantic , obvious , and naive . I 'd label this a Christian attempt at scifi if I did n't hesitate to lambaste other far more insightful works with Russo 's hackjob . If you long for the simplistic , crave neutered characterization , or disdain scifi then this 's the one .
 Exactly what happened in this book ?? Spaceship , planet , scary abandoned ship , hitch it on the back of your ship , it starts getting creepy , everyone flips , they break away , the captain goes down with the ship . BORING ! the only good thing about this was the endearing Father Veronica .
 ... I do n't know . This book contained a lot of stupid rambling The plot could have been great but there were no explanations for a lot of things happening ... blame it on aliens and just say since they are aliens , we are not going to understand the motives ...
 Reading Russo 's `` Ship of Fools '' is one of the most regrettable reading experiences I 've had in years . This book reads like a novelization of some deservedly straight-to-video `` Aliens '' knock-off . The author tries to spook us , and subscribes heavily to the `` what you do n't see is scarier than what you do '' school of the macabre.Unfortunately , Russo winds up showing the readers nothing of interest or originality , leaving us stranded aboard the dingy corridors of his fanciful generation ark hoping against hope that something interesting will happen.Be afraid . Be very afraid .
 I was surprised when I checked the reviews for this book and read some that raved about how wonderful it was . My reaction , when finishing the book , was to say out loud `` WHAT A WASTE OF TIME . '' I read through the reviews praising the book , because I 'm wondering what I missed . I 'm an avid reader , and have enjoyed `` realistic '' novels that explore character , and even occasionally leave plot threads hanging.Russo in this novel does n't leave just a few threads hanging . Nearly every chapter introduces characters and incidents with great fanfare and foreshadowing , and then ... never mentions them again . The novel reads much as genuine journal would read , written by someone who does n't know much , if anything , about what was really happening . But why would I want to read such a thing , especially since it 's NOT a genuine journal ? I did n't find the character development , dialoge , theological explorations , or anything else about this book strong enough to overshadow the fact that it 's a disappointing , plotless novel that reads remarkably as if the author wrote two or three similar books , attached chapters together randomly , and then lost the last half of the novel altogether.Frankly , I 'm surprised this one got past the publisher , and I 'm still annoyed that a few hours of my time was wasted reading the darn thing .
 Begins with interesting characters and compelling intrigue . Ends a total mess . It had great potential , but the author just was n't able to make anything of it .
 Was very dissappointed that the comics and horiscope for the day were not in the kindle paper . I will not purchase this again .
 I cancelled my 7 day Chronicle delivery subscription and replaced it with Sunday only delivery plus a Kindle subscription . I had a Kindle Keyboard at the time . The Chronicle Kindle edition was OK but occasionally had formatting errors -LRB- nonsense text instead of actual words -RRB- and as other reviews have noted does have all of the content of the actual newspaper . It did allow me to easily read the Chronicle when traveling so I 've continued to subscribe . I recently purchased a Kindle Fire and was very disappointed to find that the Chronicle Kindle edition is not available for the Fire . All of my other Kindle newspaper and magazine were available for the Fire so the Chronicle is the only one where I need to continue to use the Kindle Keyboard . I wo n't use two Kindles long term so if the Chronicle is n't available on the Fire soon I will cancel the Kindle subscription . I can use the Fire 's web browser to read the Chronicle 's web site but I do n't always have a WiFi connection so I need to be able to read offline that the subscription provides .
 We are current subscribers to the print edition of the newspaper , and were excited to switch to getting the paper on our new Kindle for the ease of use and the reduction of paper trash . However , we cancelled our trial subscription after 2 days due to a general lack of content . We 're sticking with the print edition.When comparing the Kindle version and the print version , one can see that the only articles in the Kindle version are the ones written by the Houston Chronicle writers . That makes sense , but without the Associated Press content and content from other papers around the country it translates to a tiny fraction of the print edition . We had no idea that the Chron produced so little original content outside of the sports section.We liked the layout , formatting , and ease of use of the Kindle version . However , it is only for local news and sports -LRB- and only some of that -RRB- . I would only recommend subscribing if you do n't mind getting your national news elsewhere .
 I signed up 3 days ago for the chron , but yet it has not arrived . so how can i rate its contents . reading other comments does n't seem it is that hot .
 Where is the rest of the paper ? Not worth the subscription cost just yet . No ads is nice though .
 The Houston Chronicle is undoubtedly one of the worst large market newspapers . The content of the paper version is usually poorly written and the paper as a whole is badly edited . Sadly , the Kindle version of the newspaper is even worse . I am a news junkie yet I would advise strongly against subscribing to all versions of this paper . It 's my hometown paper and I wo n't touch it.James
 i did not like all of ads in the paper . there still seems little news in this format that i can ' t get on any of the news channels . please cancel my kindle subscription .
 do not buy it gives you nothing . no news and it stinks on a kindle .
 I am a new Kindle owner and so far love it . i am very disappointed in the Chron . it is missing a lot of the content I want . where are the columnists ? no gardening or religion on Saturday ? No Obits ? When The Chron ups the content I will subscribe until then I will continue to read it conventially on paper or on line . very disappointing .
 I ordered the Houston Chronicle sample with my new Kindle and was very disappointed . It had only a very few articles from the paper . I know the paper is getting thinner but this is ridiculous.I wo n't subscribe until they get more content !
 There is a LOT missing from this paper.It gives most of the local news and the sports , but lacks national and world news . As discussed in the other reviews , there are no syndicated columns , comics , or photos . However , it goes deeper than that . This version of the paper only includes content written directly by the Chron staff . Unfortunately , what that means is while local news is adequately covered , national and world news is not covered in any detail and Texas news is covered somewhat haphazardly.I 've had the paper for about a week now . On the typical day , there are anywhere between 1 and 3 articles each in the National and World news sections . And these generally do not cover the major events ; they just cover what national events that the Chron staff has given their own spin to.While good for local events , you 'll need a separate paper for national and world news .
 I purchased my Kindle just for reading papers and blogs . I live in Houston and was happy to see the Houston paper . I was depressed to see that most of the paper is left out . I think Amazon should make all the papers include ALL their content if they want to sell via Kindle . How hard can it be ? I will keep my subscription for a while and hope it gets better ...
 I agree with other reviewers when they say that the Kindle edition of the Houston Chronicle is not worth it . It is worth comparing it to the printed edition side-by-side . It is amazing how severely the Kindle edition has been abridged . The editor seems to have the judgment of a beginning apprentice . Other regional papers do it much better ; for instance , the Minneapolis paper is almost worth the subscription.Navigation remains an area that needs to be improved in these Kindle newspapers .
 I agree with the other reviewers that a lot of the content I want is missing from the kindle version . I 'll cancel after the 2week trial and try a single issue every once in a while to see if the content improves .
 The Kindle edition is seriously lacking in content . Not worth the price . Just do as I do and bookmark the URL of mobile.chron.com in your Kindle 's web browser . The mobile format web page works great on the Kindle and it 's FREE with much more content ! Cheers !
 You might get all stories on the front page or just one . The remainder of the sectional content is just as hit or miss .
 I subscirbed to keep up with the Astros . They offer NO Baseball coverage , even of the Astors , after the seson beguns .
 The version of the Houston Chronicle for the Kindle is VERY disappointing . I will cancel if I can figure out how . The final straw was dropping the horoscope . I never believe these but always did the cool-down portion of my treadmill walk while reading.I gave it several months and kept hoping for improvement , but none in sight .
 Minimal content and what is there is of little interest . I bought both the paper and kindle version of the sunday paper . I did not recognize the kindle version . I was not concerned about the fluff in the sunday paper but even the news was missing in the kindle version . I worry that selling the kindle version of the chronicle as a newspaper will ruin thekindle reputation . Kindle should not market this as a newspaper with an established name . I feel like I was decieved and it reflects poorly on the kindle since they were the seller .
 i did n't think I could get anymore disappointed than I was as a long time subscriber . Boy , was I wrong . There is almost nothing in the Kindle edition . Having dealt with The Chronicle on a business-level , I can tell you that their attitude is &#34; We 're the only game in town . You should feel honored that we will do business with you . &#34; I do n't expect coupons and trivial stuff but I do expect just about everything else . As of 12/2010 , you will only see about 1/10th of the print version . No comics . No anything except for headline news . Buy at your own risk . It 's your money , though .
 As a Kindle subscriber of the Houston Chronicle , I am terribly disappointed . Unfortunately , the Chronicle is our only daily paper and as such is the only way to track the local news in a written format.Bias ReportingInstead of placing editorials in the Editorial or Viewpoints sections , opinions are often written as news . Even if I agree with the author , I just want all the available facts , not his or her thoughts on the matter . I want news , not editorialized gossip!Poor Quality and RepetitionThe kindle version is a stripped down version of the newspaper and articles are often repeated a second and third day.OverallThe Houston Chronicle should be ashamed and embarrassed to put so little effort and quality into its product . I can not believe they care so little of their Kindle readers as to sell us such garbage . Wake up , Houston Chronicle ! Electronic readership is the future . The moment another electronic local paper comes along that gives me unbiased reporting and does n't try and palm off previous articles as news , I will change providers . I have little doubt that many others will do the same .
 I regularly read the Chronicle online even though I 'm from Atlanta because of their Energy news section . I would gladly pay for access on Kindle to this content were it provided . Who knows - maybe they 'll wise up soon and include ...
 The issue is cut and major portions omitted . Seems not to be able to compete by providing what readers want to know about local news . For example some of us still like the local writers ' columns , and the entertainment items . The content is mostly that sent out from the non-local corporate headqquarters . Wonder if it will survive as a newpaper , either in hard copy or electronic ?
 Obviously , with the Houston Chronicle being owned by Hearst , they do not have much of a financial driver to see that Kindle is more successful than another reader they have invested in . It certainly shows ! The Chronicle does n't carry much content , it will switch to Spanish , or even a random alphabet , in the middle of an article and downloads are not reliable . Compare the Chronicle on Kindle vs iPad or the actual paper and it is night and day . I am disappointed the Chronicle and Amazon have not made any real effort to improve the product because I like both Kindle and the Houston Chronicle .
 This is the second time I 've tried the Houston Chronicle on the Kindle . I canceled the first time due to lack of news content . I thought they made changes and tried again . Still , it has not changed in that regard . The consistent clear winner in content is the sports section . Business is a distant second . So when it comes to local , national , or international news , a lot is left to be desired . Even if Reader 's Digest were to do a version of the Houston Chronicle , it 'd have more depth that what is published for a Kindle . I 'm waiting to read reviews where this serious shortcoming has been corrected .
 I too have found the content on the Kindle version of the Houston Chronicle to be severely limited and NOT worth the time or the money.BUT you do have a simple alternative if you want a full , electronic version of the Houston Chronicle . Simply sign up at their web site -LSB- ... -RSB- and you can read the full version on-line whenever you like.Another alternative is also available on the newest Kindle . It has an experimental web browser available that works surprisingly well considering it 's limitations . Navigation is a bit tricky since you have no mouse and the web site response time is a tad slow but overall it does work and is usable if you want to read your newspaper on your Kindle instead of your PC .
 After 30 + years of The Chronicle I find myself out of the delivery zone and tried the Kindle version . I find the Chronicle on Kindle has too many errors and is way short of useful info . Articles do not match the headlines , paragrapghs are repeated -- sometimes whole articles are repeated under different headers , incorrect hyphenation , isolated characters and inappropriate symbles all make it difficult to read . It gives the horoscopes and lottery results but not the sports scores or the Dow Jones averages . Then of course -- no comics ! Such a great idea but it comes up short !
 i would rather go back to the sixtys and by a newspaper . this is completly a waste of money and time . pathetic . i thought kindle was better than that . i bought a new kindle just for this and this is what i find ?!?!? it leaves out everything that we want to read .
 Very little content mars this electronic version of the Houston Chronicle . Of course , the Sports section is larger than any of the others ... almost combined . More news please .
 Is it any wonder that Hearst reported is looking at closing down the SF Chron . They need to move to the modern age.I will not order the print paper as it is just too much paper waste a month and was excited to see that it was available for the kindle . I then went through it and there was no Content in the Paper . Not even a single article on the Presidents address the previous night . Then I find out that it will go to one kindle so I would have to order 2 copies on for myself and one for my wife.If all of the articles were available I would love to get this without the paper waste , but as it stands this is just digital waste.Wake-up Hearst and look to the new generation and what we will purchase . I would gladly pay for a complete digital local paper , and even like to upgrade to have access to articles from all the Hearst papers .
 Do you remember eating your first great Mexican meal at a new restaurant and thinking , `` Wow , this is great food ! '' Do you also remember going back and trying something different but then thinking , `` Hey , all the ingredients are the same ! '' But you get through the meal and return months later to decide upon something else from the menu , when you realize , `` Dammit , does this ever change ? '' * cue escalating violins , flashing white light * Bam . Jack McDevitt . * staccatissimo violin note , red streak on screen * Omega is the fourth novel in the six-book series following Priscilla Hutchins -LRB- known to her friends as Hutch -RRB- in her `` Academy '' career . Starting as a lowly pilot cum archaeologist inBook 1
 I really tried . Honestly I did . Over the past few years , I 've picked this booked up and re-started it with about a year between each read . I keep thinking it 'll get better , but it just does n't . I really could use a visible outline to keep track of all the characters in this book and whether or not they are integral to the plot . Also , the author seems to go out of his way to make the female characters more prominent than the male . This is not a sexist statement , it just seems as if he goes out of his way to present it in that manner . Perhaps it is a way to show that in the future women can be completely equal in status , pay , etc. as men are today . Granted , I have a difficult time following movies with complex plot lines and fast moving events like Mission Impossible , but this book became my `` mission impossible '' to actually finish the book . With the third read I made it to page 225 in the paperback release.Spoiler alert to follow but will stave off disappointment if you read this book!Reading other reviews and learning that the origin of the clouds and their purpose is never revealed just gives me all the more reason to recycle the book . I 'm sure this will be a good read for someone else , it just did n't do much for me .
 Try as I might , I just could n't get into this one , much less make it through it . The book has an interesting premise , as we discover that the Omegas have deviated from their previous course and are closing in on a yet-unexplored solar system . There , low and behold , we discover a civilization which is seemingly doomed to perish from the Omega clouds.Despite a great overall theme , this book drags , and drags , and drags . There are annoyances as well , such as the decision to throw `` the protocol '' out the window almost immediately . I forced myself to read approximately over 250 pages of Omega , but finally gave up . This is only the second book in my lifetime that I 've abandoned.Not an interesting read . Die-hard fans of McDevitt may find some interest here , but in general this book disappoints greatly .
 This was the first McDevitt book I 've read , and I was very unimpressed . It was sort of an enjoyable read , but I expected so much more.The aliens are basically squat , ugly -LRB- but loveable ! -RRB- critters that live on an Earth-like planet in an Earth-like historical period -LRB- middle ages -RRB- . The author may have made them so human on purpose -LRB- to make us identify with them and care about them ? -RRB- , but he did n't have to make them 95 % like us . If you want to read well-imagined aliens , I suggest `` A Fire Upon the Deep '' by Vinge . < MINOR SPOILERS IN NEXT PARAGRPH : > This book also suffers from the ` no bad guy ' pitfall . The Omega cloud is the only thing to root against , and despite suggestions it is not natural - it still acts very much like a random weather phenomena . The only human ` bad guy ' is someone who is driven to an insane -LRB- yet boring -RRB- rage when he views an Omega cloud destroying some alien structures . That 's a pretty weak source of motivation . Why not have that character 's wife or kid get killed by a cloud ? < SPOILERS OVER ! > Finally , maybe faithful readers of McDevitt enjoyed this , but the constant references to previous McDevitt novels in this storyline got very tiresome . The first couple mentions were fine , but after awhile it felt a lot like propoganda.Overall , this felt like a very juvenile SF book . There 's so much better out there - go elsewhere and only come back to McDevitt when you run out of ideas !
 Wow , just awful . The writing is not terrible , and neither is the setup . But this book could have been so much more . The beginning tantalizes a glimpse into large questions
 The plot of _ Omega _ is fairly cool and the book started off very promising . The story develops quite well but then suddenly plummets into a Care Bear meets Ewok expose on a remote and endangered planet . The `` alien '' creatures , the `` Goompahs '' , turn out to be cute , roly-poly hillbilly-esque beings living in a 12th century English settlement displaced lightyears away from Earth . Lost me there.I recommend skipping this one . Unfortunately this book was boring enough to chase me away after investing some 200 + pages into it . Only one other book I have n't finished in over 2 years solid .
 * spoilers , but not really b/c there is nothing to spoil * the only reason i continued to read this book was i thought he 'd have some tight explaination for why omegas exist , some sort of neat purpose for them that even if not plausible was intersting . Somewhere near the middle of the book he just gives up on writing about the Hutch side story of why the omegas exist and delves into over describing the alien society . I kept reading in hope that there would be some clues or mention , but eventually I gave up and was forced to skip to the end to see why the omegas exist , but no explanation is ever given ! So , the premise for the whole series is concluded with `` we do n't know why omegas exist , sorry . '' After reading series like hyperion with a actual mystery revealed -LRB- what is the shrike ? -RRB- at the end of the series , this is just pathetic.i got this book as a present not realizing i 'd read this author before -LRB- a talent for war -RRB- that book sucks as well . this is a good fantasy book but as far as sci fi is conserned it is utter crap . a good sci fi book ca n't end with a crappy explanation like that .
 Jack McDevitt 's preachy and unimaginative morality tale , Omega , will appeal to fans of writers such as Robert Sawyer who use futuristic SF settings as childish allegories for the modern world . What it will not do is make anyone sit up and gasp at its author 's inventiveness or perception.Although the story is set some 230 years in the future , its underlying assumptions are strictly those of the early 2000 's . In the same way that much of 1950 's SF is unreadable today -LRB- and was unreadable then to readers looking for something more from SF than 1950 's characters and ideas sloppily glued into a future with rocket ships -RRB- , Omega is rendered incredibly boring by its having no speculative ideas whatsoever.The author never tires of having his fictional third-rate intellects tear down paper tiger arguments propounded by fictional fourth-rate intellects . His readers may not all have such patience.McDevitt gives us bipedal , seeing , speaking , clothes-wearing , city-building aliens who are more human than human beings are . They are physiologically close enough to earth life as to not really seem alien at all . And the physical resemblance is only the tip of the iceberg - McDevitt laboriously pounds home what he clearly considers to be a profound point
 I only bought this book because it finally promised to reveal the secret of the Omega clouds . What a complete waste of a great premise ! Although McDevitt does n't actually confirm beyond all doubt that the `` reveal '' is indeed the truth , the idea is insipid , boring , a waste of something that could have been really interesting , and does n't even really make sense when you think about it -LRB- SPOILER
 I 'll be brief . I 've read most of Jack 's work and have come to the conclusion that the more he writes the worse he gets . The first book I read , and incidently my favorite , was the Engines of God . My hopes were sparked when I read that in Omega he was returning to the universe created in the Engines of God . Well , I was downright disappointed . There was little of any hard sciece or more importantly no excitement in this book . At least in prior novels the book might drag on only to finish with a climactic squence . This book did n't . It was more about learning the social behaviors of the race we were trying to save and the inevitable comparison to human kind , than it was about hard science . It read more like Stranger in a Strange Land , which in my opinion , was not a science fiction book but resembled a disertation in social or behaviorial science.I may give Jack one more read but that 's it . I may go back to read any earlier work that I 've missed since that was when Jack was at his best .
 I picked this up in an airport bookstore hoping for a tight , believable plot . This is very light science fiction - there are way too many holes and unbelievable elements in the science and set-up . Fine for a quick adventure read , but do n't expect much more .
 suffice to say , i read this book last year -LRB- I was 29 and hoping it held all the answers -RRB- , but I had to look it up to remember it.I do remember being entertained by it , but it 's not some great , life changing novel.It was a decent , quick , light read , if a little fluffy and/or girly.Good for a day on the beach -LRB- or waiting for the subway -RRB- , I guess , but nothing life changing .
 sorry , but boring characters and boring story . which would be ok if the prose was good or the insight acute . neither is true .
 Cons
 This starts OK with our enjoyable scarlet pimpernel dilettante character being frightfully sophisticated , and Gatiss generally does a good job playing with the irony of , say , the hero being far more concerned with tiny blood splatters ruining his linen suit than with the horribly dismembered corpse confronting him . Moreover he soon captured the feel of Conan-Doyle 's turn of the century Europe , civilised private clubs of ludicrous pretentiousness and excess lounging among disease ridden hovels . After a chapter or two I was looking forward to a thriller with a comic edge in an interesting historical setting populated by charmingly eccentric/exotic/appalling characters.Alas , having completed the book I can now recommend you stop reading fairly early and just enjoy the promise . It peaked about ten pages in , and by halfway had become a chore . We soon lose the sophistication and descend into James Bond -LRB- circa Roger Moore -RRB- farce . The sex could n't be any more gratuitous . In fact it 's beyond gratuity and yet another story with an immoral - Gatiss goes to some pains to affront/instruct anyone who might be as contemptible as to not advocate promiscuous bisexuality.It fails on so many levels . The lead character , billed as the ultimate cunning spy , only once does something arguably clever -LRB- with plaster of paris -RRB- while far more consistently acting stupidly . Marlowe-like he just bowls on into known highly dangerous places without a plan , but in contrast he has no wit or core nobility to excuse this . Alternatively he blithely exucutes an unsuspecting , unarmed man as he dines , having his staff clean up the body
 This is one of the most bizarre novels I 've ever read . The novel starts off very well -- witty , light , very British , and poised to be a good historical mystery/thriller . However , almost exactly halfway through , the author introduces mysterious purple gasses , a race of half robot , half zombie people , and an Austin Powers type plan to destroy all of Italy -LRB- remember Dr. Evil 's Preparation H , with the chain-reaction volcanic eruptions ? Yeah , that one -RRB- . I 'm still wondering how the setting switched from turn of the -LRB- 19th -RRB- century England to sci-fi Italy , as well as how the fantastically technical doomsday plan was supposed to be carried out without the aid of modern machinery and computers . I just do n't understand how a book can end so very far away from where it began.I would only recommend this book as a joke gift or as an example to use when studying plot trends or shifting genres and things like that .
 I had pretty high hopes for this book because the synopsis makes it sound like everything you could ever ask for in a novel ... espionage , intrigue , secret societies bent on world domination , a roguish anti-hero . Unfortunately , I could n't even make it all the way through . It just got too ridiculous , and the plot was so simplistic it was like watching a cartoon . Another peeve of mine is that it was written in the first person with the main character Lucifer narrating , and he got on my nerves SO MUCH . He 's thoroughly obnoxious , and was constantly making these little asides to the reader about how naughty and/or fabulous he feels himself to be . Plus , you can tell the author is trying SO hard to be witty and funny and he goes so over-the-top that it 's like nails on a chalkboard .
 I have n't made it past the fifth chapter in the book and I honestly dread picking it up again . Reading the the reviews and description before buying , I did not realize this book is a pastiche , not a genre I typically choose . Maybe I just do n't `` get '' it . I think Austin Powers is funny , but film makes it easier to pick up the tone . I feel like The Vesuvius Club misses , it just seems like bad writing , not deliberate humor .
 Occasionally I feel the desire to escape into lyrical fantasy , and , remembering the experience of reading this author 's Riddlemaster series as an adolescent , seek out Patricia McKillip 's latest book in the library.Unfortunately I am not finding the magic I used to find in her books . Is it me that 's changed or has McKillip 's well of inspiration begun to run dry ? I suspect a bit of both.Many have commented on McKillip 's use of language . Yes , it is dreamy , fantastical and often achieves lyrical effect . However , I feel that too much focus is now going into the writing -LRB- the trees -RRB- and not enough into the development of imaginative story -LRB- the forest -RRB- . The tale in this book is fractured and never achieves narrative drive . Indeed there are really only glimmers of story , held together in a kaleidoscopic prose.And to address the writing itself . McKillip 's lexicon is not un-naturally broad . Rather her writing can seem strange and unworldly through odd grammatical effects such as her almost adjectival use of nouns and her occasional use of unusual words . I suspect she is something of a word-raven , seeking in dictionaries and thesauruses for strange words whose color she fancies . Like particular narrative effects , she sometimes repeats her use of an unusual word . An example of this repetition is the word ` sough ' -LRB- rhymes with bough -RRB- in these two sentences : `` Her voice was the hollow sough of windblown reeds . '' -LRB- p 2 -RRB- `` Finally a restless night wind blew the candle out , stranded them in the soughing dark . '' -LRB- p 120 -RRB- I think the first use is much more effective than the second.Then there is the archaic word ` limn ' which basically means illuminate : `` Scars underlined one eye , limned one jaw ; '' -LRB- p 4 -RRB- `` Staring at the void limned by moonlight into the shape of the wizard 's face '' -LRB- p158 -RRB- Here the two applications of this word are different enough to justify the repetition.One twinned narrative effect I noticed is the description of first the mother 's and then the daughter 's eyes : `` her eyes were the cold color of dawn at the end of a sleepless night '' -LRB- p 96 -RRB- '' ... her grave eyes , which , he suddenly saw , were the color of the hour he loved best , when the last haunting moments of day shifted towards the deepest purples of twilight '' -LRB- p 132 -RRB- This repetition can sometimes be powerful but in this story it felt like being lost in a wood where all the trees start to appear the same.Finally , an example of a word use that simply fails - the use of the word ` riffle ' in this sentence - `` So did the proctor , riffling at his bald head and looking mystified . '' -LRB- p 17 -RRB- To my mind , riffling requires something to riffle , such as playing cards or sheaves of wheat and is not possible with a smooth skinned pate.There is some imaginative naming of the wizards characters in the story , with Unciel recalling the majuscule form `` uncial '' and Gyre directly conjuring the image of a vortical power . However the characters themselves never really came alive and their motivations were either too simplistic or , in the case of the young wizard Gyre , narratively conflicting.So in summary , if McKillip is seeking to cast magic with her storytelling , my experience was that while the writing somewhat drugged my senses , the underlying power of the story was in the end insufficient to place me under it 's spell .
 This book hits bottom barrel . The writing style is totally unreadable - its excessive in descrition and not in a good way . Not only that , but twice in the book the author switched from 3rd person to 1st person!I definatly would not recommend the book . Though it sounded pretty excited and definatly seemed to have an interested character to follow in the end you 'll be dissapointed .
 I never write reviews , but this new book by Bills was so frightfully depressing for an old battletech fan that I had to write something . I 've followed battletech books since I was a kid , and have basically bought and read every battletech novel since the Sword and the Dagger.Heretic 's Faith was convoluted , lacking direction , and left one very unsatisfied with the rather unclimatic end . While there was the nice touch of Minoru Kurita , I think Bills over-reached in this attempt , which resulted in a pretty un-battletech-like book . No good combat sequences , glimpses but no decent overview of the political and strategic objectives and success of the involved powers , and a disappearance from the clean-cut technological warfare that raises battletech above the other sci-fi and fantasy books out there.All of Bills ' published battletech work prior to this has been pretty good and hopefully we can return to that in his next novel .
 At one time I looked forward to the release of a new Battletech novel . The writing was , for the most part , enjoyable and the stories were , again for the most part , exciting.Then came Mechwarrior Dark Age.I really tried , tried hard to enjoy these books . But each one got progressively worse . The plots , such as they were , became more banal and dull.Heretic 's Faith tries very hard to break the pattern . But , it fails on almost every attempt . By the midpoint of the book , you 'll have figured out the ending . By the ending you 'll be wishing that you ordered something else . Surrounded by fanboiz and sycophants the current authors fail to realise one important fact : The magic is gone , and they have no idea how to get it back.Go buy some of the Original Battletech novels .
 I was really surprised by the choices included here . While there are some classic outstanding stories , those are almost without exception ones I have read before . There are more than a few completely unimpressive ones . I have been reading science fiction for more than 30 years and there were a number of authors I had never even heard of . When I read the story hoping for an undiscovered gem , I was disappointed . I really do n't understand Card 's choices here in most cases . Oh well , Card is assuredly more familiar with the genre than I , but I wish I had n't bothered with this one .
 We loved Sand Kings , a couple of other stories were okay and most were too boring to finish . My son and I thought this book would be a nice collection of interesting stories - but overall we were disappointed . If this is the best , I should have been a writer .
 If these stories are the best science fiction has to offer , I 'm surprised anyone ever reads it .
 The lead review by McDorman really set the tone . I was grievously unpleased by this putative collection of masterpieces . Some of the stories were good , most were poor , but , overall , very few stood out as obvious examples of science fiction . Frankly , some of my more creative sci-fi-oriented dreams -- turned into a few pages of prose -- could stand honorably aside many of these `` masterpiece '' entrants . I can scarcely believe that Orson Scott Card could n't find better alternatives for one or two -LRB- or fifteen ?! -RRB- of these selections ; I wonder whether he was `` on the take '' from moribund authors or publishers , or who knows what.The more anthologies one buys , the more disappointed one finds oneself . Honestly , even the best collections of anthologies suffer from a solid 20 % `` dud factor . ''
 Ms. Shinn 's Arab bias is quite evident , it 's something I had n't realized until I read her last book Angelica ... she seems to have absolutely no understanding of the culture she is lambasting . While I understand that writers have the right to create worlds and inhabit them how they please her stereotypes are quite obvious and at second glance disturbing .
 I have read , enjoyed and even highly recommended Shinn 's other Angel-series books to others . So , I was stunned by how dreadful this one was . In past novels Shinn thinly veiled two of her planet 's tribes -- one group were obviously arabs , and another group gypsy/jews . This novel tells the stories of two young women , one who is suppressed and almost killed by the arab-look-alikes , and the other who finds redemption in the arms of a jew-look-alike . The former is presented as a one-sided , nightmarish , diatribe against everything Arab you can imagine . The men are fat , greedy , self-centered , and oppressive . The women are denied basic human rights , confined to harem-like areas , hidden beyond veils , stoned to death if they disobey . Shinn obviously has a complete lack of respect for cultures other than her own . Rather than using fiction to bring insight into our own world , she uses it to spread bigotry . In this age of global conflict , we need and deserve greater knowledge , not kneejerk , uneducated passions .
 A good idea does not necessarily lead to a good novel . The universe of the Atrocity Archives is a good idea , or a great idea , even . Unfortunately , the Atrocity Archives is not a very good book.This novel came highly recommended to me . I am a great fan of Lovecraft , science fiction , spy fiction , and have worked in a government agency long enough to appreciate the lunacy of such places . When somebody told me the premise of the Atrocity Archives and Charles Stross 's `` Laundry '' universe , I thought it was the most brilliant idea in the world.The premise behind the story is this . There is an unseen world of occult , alien horror beneath the veneer of our mundane universe , and one gateway to that unseen world is computers and technology . To guard against this terrifying other-world , shadowy government agencies have sprung up . The Laundry is one such clandestine government agency . Its agents are an odd blend of tech geeks andIf you are into this kind of thing , this is a fantastic premise . But a premise is not a story . It only lays out the setting for a story . In science fiction like this , it promises a universe of opportunities for great stories . Sadly , despite the great premise , the Atrocity Archives is not a very interesting story . More importantly , the story was poorly told.Despite Mr. Stross 's fertile imagination , he is just not a very good storyteller . The story is told through a first person perspective , narrated by a Laundry agent named Bob . Bob seems like an obnoxious guy . He tells the story with a bunch of asides , obscure geek references , and digressions . He seems like the sort of guy who thinks he is quite clever and witty , but is not really . He seems like the sort of guy who you might run into at a party , and you would want to get away from because he loves to drop names and make himself seem smart . He would tell stories where he never seems to get to the point because he is too busy dazzling you along the way with how much he knows . And he whines ... he always seem to be vaguely contemptuous of everybody and dissatisfied with the people around him . Bob is almost like a sociopath , he never displays any affection for any of the characters we come across in the book , or care about what 's going on with them beyond how it relates to Bob . To Bob , everyone else seems to be an annoyance.On top of it all , Bob 's narration is delivered in a weird Micky Spilane over-the-top pulp style that 's just too much.So it goes with Bob 's story , which is the subject of the book . Bob is supposed to be a tech geek and a bit of a bureaucratic drone , but he spends pages making references to geeky things like `` The theorem is a hack on discrete number theory that simultaneously disproves the Church-Turing hypothesis -LRB- wave if you understood that -RRB- and worse , permits NP-complete problems to be converted into P-complete ones . This has several consequences , starting with screwing over most cryptography algorithms - translation
 There are some interesting concepts , but the story line is actually a bit formulaic . There are a good 50 pages about 2/3 of the way through , but there is an incredible amount of set-up in order to get there , most of which could actually be ignored . A lot of it is just plain silly .
 but does n't offer any real tension or drama . reading this is like reading a geek 's blog , lots of silliness , lots of attention calling gambits and lots of geek snobbery , where the author throws stuff in just to try to impress you with his knowledge . What I wanted was a magic wielding spy , what I got was a magic wielding spy who does n't do spy stuff , throwing out explanations that make no sense and talking about his daily life living with other nerds.I have a feeling that Charlie is one of those guys who goes to a party and wind up alone because everyone realizes he 's one of those guys who will always try to one-up you on any idea you put forth .
 It claims to be James Bond meets Lovecraft and is , kinda ... but the everyman office worker main lead is just so dull I could n't finish . The mundane office politics overwhelm the occult and the incessant expository dialog is a slog . Just call it a gun , do n't give us all the statistics . Most of the part I read was either mundane office stuff -LRB- which I get plenty of at work -RRB- or people talking at length ABOUT summoning technology with plenty of long words that are meaningless . There was very little action and what little there was was over way too quick -LRB- like 10 pages of talking , 1 page of getting attacked by tentacles , then another 10 pages of talking about said tentacles -RRB- . There are also too many in-jokes . Lots of `` nudge , nudge , did ya get that name I just dropped ? '' That 's fun occasionally but every other paragraph it gets old fast . Normally I 'm a trooper and will finish anything I start but this one I just ca n't .
 I generally like Stross . This book feels like it is a resurrected early novella that was stretched to novel length . Well , almost . It is two stories really . I was rather startled when the first one wrapped up so soon.The first story is rather clever in premise and reminded me very much of Christopher Moore ` sA Dirty Job
 I bought the book on the reviews of his other books . That was a mistake . The writing felt like a sixth graders rewriting of slapstick Doctor Who . It might have been OK as a very short story but the plot drags , the characters are cardboard cutouts . The story is trying to be an action packed cyber geek wannabe James Bond novella and fails , terribly.Oh , and not to mention the flobby chaser story at the end that is connected to nothing and is about as meaningful .
 I was anxiously awaiting the release of this book after reading the novelette ' A Colder War ' and hearing that this book is an expansion on that story.I was very disappointed as everything was different . The hero was changed from a family man , to a young punk kid , and moved from the US to the UK . The technology was changed from being old and alien to witchcraft . And an unnecessary love interest is introduced.The entire concept of the great filter that wipes out civilizations once they reach a certain technology level is abounded . And the whole concept of humanity on the brink of extinction is missing . ' A colder war ' was wonderful , and I was really looking forward to seeing how the story ended . It 's a pity that the author decided not to try to dig his hero out of the hole he was in at the end of ' A Colder War '
 No reasons to hate it ... but none to love it either . Formulaic , satisfied with its Britishness , copying a bit from everybody ... OK to spend an hour with , but never ever to cnosider worth rereading , such as many many other books I can think of -LRB- such as Tim Powers 's and Gene Wolfe 's just to mention two of my favorite authors -RRB- .
 I was so disappointed in this book . I really wanted to like this . But I could barely stand the main character/narrator , who wants to make sure you know how smart he thinks he is . In lieu of witty humor , there 's lots of computer science mumbo-jumbo . Just a big disappointment .
 I am an emerging science fiction author . I am also an old fan of the Mechwarrior RPG . I wanted an example of descriptive scifi action to learn from . I made a BAD choice with this book . I forced myself through the first 25 pages and threw this book across the room . Victor Milan 's usage of the English language is incomprehensible . It takes him 25 pages to describe three minutes of action - and I use the word `` action '' loosely . He get 's sidetracked in irrelevant topics of internal politics and sordid details of sex between siblings every other paragraph . Victor ! Show us the big picture ! What 's going on ?! I do n't care about the minutia ! You got ta write lean an mean when trying to write action .
 This was the novel that killed MW : DA for me . Having read all the Battletech novels , I decided to give the Dark Age novels the benefit of the doubt . They were okay . I felt that I was getting my money 's worth . There were minor inconsistencies where the author obviously did n't know their subject matter , but hey , I was willing to overlook it and follow the series.That 's when I bought this book . From sex and nudity to the wholesale slaughter of civillians in order to pacify worlds , this book was offensive on so many levels . The old Battletech books -- while dealing with the occasional mature theme -- were so skillfully written that these themes were either glossed over or written so that they were appropriate for someone around the age or 9 or 10 . I would n't let any child read this book -LRB- and reviews here on Amazon are stating that the content is getting much worse with the later novels -RRB- . This content is NOT what I expect from a game that has been traditionally family-friendly since 1984 . I got about halfway through the book before putting it down and swearing off the rest of the series.The ` talking chicken ' book -LRB- Far Country -RRB- was better than this nauseating piece of drek . Do n't waste your money .
 Many Battletech fans have yet to embrace the new Mechwarrior Dark Age series , and - unfortunately - Randall N. Bills ' Hunters of the Deep is n't going to help matters in this regard . Bills is something of an expert when it comes to Battletech technology and hardware , which makes it all the more disappointing that there is so little actual Mechwarrior action in this novel . Most Battletech fans want battle action , and plenty of it . Hunters of the Deep consists predominantly of politics inside Clan Sea Fox , and there 's really not much of a tie-in with events taking place throughout the Dark Age universe as a whole . There is talk of an invasion of the Republic by House Marik , but that invasion is given exceedingly short shrift in these pages . To put it mildly , I found the politics of this novel somewhat confusing . Worst of all , there is really no one to admire in this story ; indeed , I was n't even sure who I should be pulling for until I got about halfway through the book . You basically have two ovKhans of Clan Sea Fox pitted against one another ; one , ovKhan Sha Clarke , seeks to break away his Spina Khanate from Clan Sea Fox , a most un-clan-like thing to do , while the other , ovKhan Petr Kalasa , is a weak leader with a history of loss and defeat at the hands of Sha . Petr 's only saving grace is his loyalty to Clan Sea Fox , but I could n't help but wonder throughout the novel how such a tainted , rash leader who allows his primary aide to endlessly bait him for his past failures has managed to hold on to his position for so long.Clan Sea Fox should be an interesting clan , for its members spend almost all of their time on naval vessels , wandering from one world to another making trade deals by negotiation and/or intimidation . As space naval men , though , they spend comparatively little time inside ` Mechs practicing or waging battle . As such , they are not exactly experts at battle maneuvers or strategy - Petr certainly is n't . His rashness has allowed Sha to best him more than once in the past , and there 's no reason to think that things will change when his current negotiations with the merchants of Adhafera are disrupted by Sha 's own bid for trade rights with the planet -LRB- for such disputes are generally settled with a duel between ovKhans -RRB- . Sha is up to something , though , and Petr finds the most unusual of information sources in a female assassin named Snow . Their clandestine meetings become exceedingly tiresome because they always consist of little more than bizarre flirting sessions , made all the more unbearable by the frequent descriptions of Snow 's exceeding ugliness of features and perpetual filthy , smelly state . Still , Snow , who seems to be linked to the Republic in some way and certainly knows more about Sha 's plans than Petr 's intelligence agents even suspect , makes it possible for Petr to try and protect Clan Sea Fox -LRB- and the Khan -RRB- from Sha 's traitorous power play.Bliss has the annoying habit of starting at the end and working backward when it comes to describing important events - such as the one-on-one duel between Sha and Petr in the Rituals of Combat surrounding a Trial of Bloodright . Sometimes , I found little explanation of any kind for certain major happenings . In the end , I ca n't help but feel that Hunters of the Deep represents the Mechwarrior Dark Age series at its least appealing , as it seems to specialize in the very things many classic Battletech fans like least about the new series .
 At best this book is an awkward read with numerous typos and some name transpositions . What kills it are the countless inconsistant pieces of story and illogical plot functions . The story is summarized here
 I have read numerous sci-fi novels and all of the current mechwarrior novels . This one is not an easy read or an intriguing story . As the other reviewers noted , the typographical errors and the name transpositions are distracting . In addition , Mechwarrior and Battletech novels usually feature the behemoth machines that give the series its name , but this novel falls short in this regard . In addition , the novel does n't advance the plot of the the series overall . I am 140 odd pages into the novel and that is as far as I will get . This is only a good purchase if you feel the need to complete a set of novels ; it is not a worthwhile read .
 Randall Bills is the BattleTech God who keeps the Classic BT world together . He 's written and edited countless tech manuals and resource guides that all us BT fans love . Unfortunately , all that skill and knowledge does n't translate well into his story telling . From what I understand this is Randall 's first novel , ever . And it painfully shows . I did n't make it past the first three pages of the Prolog before putting this book down . The hard to follow conversations and rough descriptions made the prolog very tough to follow . Essentially , this book needed more attention and assistance from the rest of the writing staff than it got . Too bad really because I really respect Randall Bill 's other works . Unfortunately I think he needs to spend more time perfecting his story telling before releasing another book . If he was n't already part of the BattleTech and Mechwarrior Dark Age communities he would never have gotten this first book published without a lot more spit and polish .
 Compared to her well-done trilogy , this book is like it 's written by an different writer . The characters are poorly developed and one-dimensional . This makes it hard to really care about them . More interesting was the portion of the story set in the 1700 's ; Eilish was somewhat interesting . Erin seemed too weak and whiny of a character to be the other half of the book . Likewise , it 's hard to feel any sympathy or care about Charlie and whether he walks again or not . He 's just there.The plot is also thin -- I kept thinking `` When is something going to happen ? '' There 's not enough foreshadowing of some of the events that occur towards the end in Erin 's part , and a miraculous event near the end seems too convienently resolved.Finally , in the trilogy , Ms. Marley made us a part of the music and in undestanding how it works and affects other people . This one never quite reaches that height .
 I started this book with high expectation from the previous reviews , but I found the plot to weak and the characters to be very , very ... thin ... underdeveloped ... two dimensional . The two parts of the book are disjointed and painfully parallel at the same time . The section that happens in the past is far more interesting than the part that occurs in the future . Reading the chapters that happen in 2018 , I found myself all too ready to rid myself of the whiney characters and get back to the past .
 I was pretty excited to get started reading this book after reading the reviews . I am very interested in exploration of Mars , and this book seemed to be a perfect fit for me . Unfortunately I can not say I enjoyed this first attempt at fiction by Mr. Zubrin . The plot is predictable , and shallow . The characters could have been pulled from any number of previous tombs on exploration . At one point there is even a shameless plug for one of Zubrin 's non-fiction works.I found this effort to be really lacking in conviction and creatvity , a least two more complete edits were warranted , unfortunately it is the reader who suffers reading through this dribble.About the only positive point I can note is that the suffereing is short-lived , as `` First Landing '' is quite short , and requires very little in the way of concentration , as the reader is aware of what lurks around every next corner .
 `` First Landing '' is the story of the first set of explorers to land on Mars . The author is an advocate of a particular Mars exploration plan . He also has a distinctly right wing political bent . As a result , First Landing becomes a polemic instead of a story . It suffers for that.The author is an aerospace engineer , apparently an accomplished one . He has proposed a mission plan for getting humans to mars . His ideas for that -LSB- ... -RSB- plays a big role in this book.In this story Zubrin 's plan for exploring and settling Mars is carried out . That provides the plot and yet another opportunity for Zubrin to explain his proposal . While this is interesting to space aficionados , it does not do much for the story . -LSB- ... -RSB- Of course the actual trip to Mars is only a framework for the human drama . This aspect of the story reveals the authors poor skills as a novelist . The cookie cutter characters play out a predictable story aimed at demonstrating conservative values . This gives the characters several chances to recite right wing homilies . They also reference a couple of Zubrin 's other books.Robert Zubrin has interesting ideas about aerospace engineering and writes convincingly about them . He should stick to that . This book would have been better unwritten , and should remain unread .
 Imagine NASA puts together a crew for a Mars mission . 5 People will go . Nasa selects Jerry Falwell , Susan Sontag , Alan Dershowitz , a Texan Geologist from the oil industry , and David Hackworth as commander . Thought NASA -LRB- or anyone else -RRB- would put more thought into crew selection ? Me too.This book follows a trend in similar literature that focuses way too much on personal friction between crew members as the most serious problem in a mission like this . It achieves distinction only in how far the author will go in his stereotyping . From a religious fundamentalist continuously quoting the bible to fellow crew members to a Texan literally yelling Yee-Hah ! , to a stiff necked military commander that ... does n't take charge?The shame of it is that the author is an acclaimed astronautical engineer that could have made this a very interesting examination of the latest theories in engineering a voyage such as this .
 Bob Zubrin is a brilliant and original thinker and a lucid , thought-provoking writer when it comes to technical matters . But if he wanted to delve into fiction , he should have partnered with someone like James Hogan or Alan Steele . Based on the mostly raving reviews that this book garnered in Amazon , I rushed out to buy it , expecting to relish Zubrin 's talents as a novelist . I was disappointed . The characters are cliches , the dialog is wooden , and the plot is mediocre and lacks inventiveness . Praise for this novel can only be the result of two things
 Having read books like `` The Case for Mars '' -LRB- Zubrin 's non fiction offering -RRB- I could hardly wait to read First Landing . Unfortunately , this book conclusively proves that Zubrin is a first class scientist but he should n't give up his day job . Character development is either non-existent or childish . Plot development is transparent and dialogue is juvenile . The technical aspects were first rate but I guess you ca n't get everything .
 As His Holiness A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupadha has pointed out , nobody can go to Mars except devotees of the International Society for Krishna Consciousness -LRB- ISKCON -RRB- . The author of this book can not go . That 's simply a fact . One can not reach other planets without spiritual preparation . Robert Zubrin and the Mars Society might whine about it for as long as they care , but they lack the inner qualifications . They 'll never reach Mars.Nor have we been to the Moon . The Moon landing was a hoax , perpetrated by the New York Post in association with Hollywood , Bollywood , Nittywood and one `` Buzz '' Aldrin -LRB- actually a nephew of recently deposed Libyan strongman Muammar Gaddafi -RRB- . Swami Prabhupada exposed the Moon landing hoax already in 1968 , over the objections of faint-hearted gurus and assorted hippies and libertarian `` space cadets '' . Yeah , you can whine about this too , Mr. Zubrin , but the facts remain . Lord Krishna stopped humanity from reaching the Moon.Besides , what on Earth -LRB- pun intended -RRB- do we want to do on Mars anyway ? Let 's all go down in lotus position at the shores of Goa , smoke some hash , and meditate like crazy to the sound of the Great AUM . Then we 'll eventually reach Mars , but beyond that , we 'll find the Atman , not to mention the groves where the Lord plays his transcendental flute and dances with Radha and the cow-herd girls . Really , who needs Mars anyway ? It 's just a big , red rock suspended in a vacuum.The inner journey is clearly more important .
 I have read most of the modern Mars novels , including Ben Bova 's MARS , Jack Williamson 's BEACHHEAD , Stephen Baxter 's VOYAGE , and Kim Stanley Robinson 's RED MARS . Until now , I have always felt Williamson 's book was the worst -- the equivalent of CBS ' soap opera ` Dallas ' set in space . But Robert Zubrin 's FIRST LANDING actually sets a new low.The characters are drawn in absurdly basic types , showing no shades of subtlety whatsoever . Luke the Texan is almost literally a cowboy , right down to his `` Yee-haw ! '' exclamation . Gwen is a head-to-toe Atlanta Braves fan , a God-fearing country hick with a rebel yell -LRB- I 'm not making this up ! -RRB- . Rebecca is the intellectually and morally superior type , accustomed to winning every battle , and her awestruck fan is McGee the historian -LRB- a WHAT ? -RRB- , a nerdy bookworm and token outcast . Finally , the commander and Right Stuff guy , Townsend , feels the need to wear a leather pilot 's jacket and peaked hat while putting in the stick time ! How could these people possibly get chosen for history 's first flight to the red planet ? It is simply some of the most cartoonish characterization I 've ever read in any supposedly serious novel . And I thought Bova was bad.The plot is even worse . It has so many holes and it 's so driven by cliches that I simply had to give up looking for any substance . Every obligatory plot device in the handbook is thrown at us in the interest of furthering the story -- and moving the story along is all it 's there for -- intrigue , personal conflict , conspiracy , politics , despair , love interests , murderous rage , hairy scrapes , life-and-death cliffhangers , good guys and bad guys , you name it . I found myself shaking my head at almost every page . All the novel has to offer are extremes . It 's an old-fashioned pot-boiler , setting the scenes , throwing in conflict and resolving them , over and over again . All we need now is for a villain to be unmasked in a Scooby Doo ending.Incredibly , the novel 's third major failure is that Zubrin , a trained engineer , does n't even include much hard science here -LRB- and whenever he does , they 're usually the best parts of the book -RRB- . We never find out why the crew marks days by the terrestrial calendar rather than with sols -LRB- martian days -RRB- , and we never get a genuine feeling of the crew 's physical distance from earth . We do n't find out many details of how the mission actually got to Mars . We get nothing more than a thumbnail sketch of mission control , and we do n't see any of the program 's background . There simply is n't much for the reader to chew on besides the soap opera.This should have been the guts of his earlier book , THE CASE FOR MARS , set in motion in novel form . Instead , the adventure of going to Mars takes a back seat to the melodrama , so we have the equivalent of ` Survivor
 Author Robert Zubrin obviously has great scientific credentials . He must be brilliant . His non-fiction book , A Case for Mars , added valuable insight and understanding to the body of thought on this subject and generated kudos from the likes of Buzz Aldrin , Carl Sagan , and the revered Arthur C. Clarke.Unfortunately , however , this novel about man 's first voyage to the red planet is idiotic . It supposes that five incompatible personalities travel to Mars for a years-long mission , about which they have no clear sense of what they 're supposed to accomplish . Laughably , having arrived , they ca n't agree on why they 're there , as if NASA sent them with simply `` take a look around and let us know . '' Even the earthbound scientists directing the mission are yet arguing about what they should be about on the martian surface.Then there 's a rediculous scenario about a phony `` expert '' riling up the entire country with the idea that the crew , having been contaminated , should n't be allowed to return to earth , as if NASA had n't considered beforehand what exposure to the martian envoirnment might entail.I gave it a good try , but halfway through the book I could suspend my disbelief no longer ; NASA just could n't be that inept . This story appears to be the result of someone saying , `` You know so much about this stuff ; you ought to write a novel , '' and our scientific and technological genius rising to his level of incompetence.So , in my opinion , this book is a waste of time.A successful science fiction novel must , I believe , not only have good , or at least feasible , science , but also believable characters and a story line that makes sense . Zubrin 's characters are believable as people , I suppose , but not in this nonsensical scenario . Were Arther C. Clarke or Orson Scott Card to write a similar tale , there would surely be no suspension of disbelief problems nor confusion about who the reader would be pulling for . . Come to think of it , they already have !
 This first novel by Mars enthusiast , Robert Zubrin , follows hard on several much more successfully realized works by Ben Bova , Gregory Benford , Geoffrey Landis , and others . It is ironic and disappointing that one of the leading voices on behalf of Mars exploration should turn in such a half-hearted effort . What 's missing here are the very minutiae that writers such as Bova and Stephen Baxter excell at detailing . Zubrin fails to make his story as much about the expedition and the planet on which it is set as it is about the people , all of whom remain mere thumbnail sketches , caricatures . That any space agency would group these five disparate souls together for the first expedition to Mars is not only unlikely , but completely improbable . Among them number Rebecca the empiricist , Gwen the religious zealot , Luke the good ole Texas boy , and so on . Did n't NASA conduct any psyche profiles before selecting this crew ? And how unlikely is it that NASA would ever select historian/chronicler McGee for such a mission ? Wishful thinking on Zubrin 's part . NASA , furthermore , is reknowned for exercising control over virtually every detail of an expedition such as that depicted in the novel . It borders on the ludicrous then that upon arrival , the crew and Mission Control suddenly debate the priorities of the expedition
 I 'm fairly forgiving when it comes to science fiction but this book exceeded my limits . I found myself hoping the entire crew would die a quick and painful death so I would n't have to read any more about them . Character development is obviously not one of Zubrin 's skill sets . I 'd offer that perhaps in time he 'd be able to get it right but this one novel was enough of an agony to last me a lifetime . There 's no way I 'm willing to sit through another attempt in the hopes he 'd eventually get it right . Save your money .
 I would like to say first that I have n't read any previous Mars books , and the only Science Fiction books I read before were Star Wars novels , which I 'm not sure that counts . So , for someone who is fairly new to the genre , I have to say that I was quite disappointed with `` First Landing '' . First of all , I found it hard to imagine . I could n't picture the story in my head ; there was no feeling to it , no atmosphere . The crew was supposed to be on Mars , but as far as I could tell , it might as well have been Arizona -LRB- albeit on a grander scale -RRB- . The technical jargon was not up to par either , which surprised me the most since the author , I believe , used to be with NASA . Just to compare , a few years back I read `` Apollo 13 '' by Jim Lovell , the book on which the movie was based . Granted , that book was non-fiction , yet it was so gripping , I just could n't put it down . The technical detail and NASA jargon was well handled and easy to understand , even for someone like me who is not a scientific type of a person . In case of this book , it was all ` Martian ' to me.Another problem was with the characters . Okay , maybe two feisty women having a cat fight is every man 's dream , but it really has no place in this supposedly ` realistic ' novel . All of the crew are stereotypes and laughable ones at that . I would never send these people to space . And that brings me to NASA itself . If the personnel working there was really this inept and , frankly stupid , we would never have gone to the Moon , or even reached the Earth 's orbit for that matter . That is my opinion anyway . Maybe the author knows something we do n't ? Another problem I had was with the whole protest thing . It beggared the imagination that a country as enlightened as US would all of a sudden turn on their own astronauts because of some flaky novelist 's views , which were not even based on facts . That whole story line was ridiculous . I understand paranoia and mob mentality , but come on , that 's just going too far . Although , judging by the world 's reaction to Dan Brown 's opus , I could be wrong . I guess we could be that gullible ; enough to believe just about anything if it 's fed to us properly.Basically , I feel that this author should stick to writing non-fiction . As someone here already pointed out , this book reads like `` Dallas '' . I wholeheartedly agree .
 If you have read Zubrin 's The Case for Mars , DO NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES read First Landing . Basically , First Landing is a poorly-written , unedited fictionalization of The Case for Mars -LRB- which , incidentally , is a largely coherent and compelling nonfiction argument for the feasibility of exploring/colonizing the red planet -RRB- . DO NOT read First Landing . Read The Case for Mars instead .
 I confess that I love first contact and alien invasion stories . I thought I would enjoy this . I was wrong.Harry Turtledove seems to be the current master of alien invasion series . Had he written this novel , it would have been at least three times as long . I like brevity , but only if it furthers the story.When one sees paragraphs that read like `` He did this and had an adventure there and escaped danger another place , '' one assumes that this would be a short , succinct novel . Unfortunately , the author seems to have ellipsed sections because he did not either have the skill to present them or the number of pages that the contract required prohibited such development.What I thought would be a stand-alone novel turned out to be the first of an unknown number of sequels . Part 1 did n't involve me enough to buy parts 2 - nnn.The aliens - all the aliens - could have been replaced by humans . There is simply no difference in their actions in this novel . And , any of the human characters could have been replaced by any of the others . Cardboard is cardboard , and that 's what all the characters , human or alien , are here.And much of the novel was not internally consistent . I 'm not going to waste your time by enumerating the problems . I 'll just say that they make this a waste of your time and dollars.If you read this review and disagree , please post a rebuttal . Fiction is , in the end , in the eye of the beholder . On the other hand , if you feel the author has cheated you our of your time and money , please enter that comment , too.Science Fiction is difficult to write , and all to often I think we affectionados get trapped into accepting the mediocre , when we should be demanding the best.Deathday is certainly not one of the worst novels , but it is not one of the best . It is low-mediocre at best , and not deserving of your time.Rick
 This book is deeply disrespectful of SF readers . Even if you can overlook the clumsy moralizing , the clich&eacute;d characters , the myopic focus on a single region of the earth and the thoroughly human aliens , the book only tells half of a story . The book simply ends halfway through the story -LRB- practically in mid-sentence
 Thank goodness I borrowed this book , because there are better investments out there.It 's ironic that Kevin J. Anderson has a blurb on the book 's cover , because I was just about to compare this book to the terrible Butlerian Jihad novel by Anderson in terms of writing style -- not a good thing ! This book is n't quite as bad , but that 's the only good thing I can say about DEATHDAY . I , for one , am not even going to contemplate buying the sequel . This book has no literary soul , and no resolution of any kind either . What 's worse , it lacks any of the qualities I would expect in a Dietz book . His novels had been going uphill since Legion of the Damned , with strong characterizations and intricate portraits of fascinating universes . This book lacks effective character development , and there is NO fascinating universe , just Earth on fire . There are too many good books out there to waste time on this product -- using the word literature implies too much that just does n't apply here .
 Do n't buy this book . Do n't even think about it . The plot is a direct imitation of Independence Day , War of the Worlds , and any number of other SF titles that were MUCH better done . The book itself is the first in a series . It is not a `` stand-alone '' read . If you care to find out what happens , you wo n't , but if , you must buy at least the next book in the series.We are asked to believe that the Sauron race descends upon Earth , laying waste to everything they see . They conquer all , with no reply from an emasculated military . But wait , while the military ca n't seem to make the weapons be effective , by God , some good old boys from the back country can get those aliens . But not enough to matter . By the end of the book I was hoping for some kind of finale . It was n't there . In fact , the book endpapers tell you to look for the next book in the series , `` Earthrise '' . I 'm here to tell you , do n't bother . I do n't mind series books , in fact Harry Turtledove has turned them into a cottage industry . But Mr. Turtledove 's books can be read as a series or individually . You will pick up immediately what is happening . Mr. Dietz however seems to think that he can put some garbage together , publish the book and we will `` need '' to see how it comes out.Again , do n't bother . I wo n't go into what is supposed to be a morality tale about race relations , because to be honest , Mr. Dietz does n't do it very well.It could 've been worse . I almost bought both books at the same time.Don ' t bother . Save your money or go and rent Independence Day . You 'll have a better time .
 I realy wanted to like this book . I picked it up looking for a new author . As others have noted , racism plays a big role in this book . It 's not done well . The author manages to pound the issue into nearly every page regadless of wether it would fit the plot.Those that noted that the aliens seem to share human motivations and actions are in my opinion , correct.I had to give up on this book after about 50 pages . Like others who have reviewed it , I love sci-fi , I thought I was getting a good action packed aliens-vs-human thriller . What I got was a heavy handed morality play that could have been better by a third grader.When I found out from reviews that author actually decided to write this as a first in a `` series '' I gave up . I rarley put down a book unfinshed . It bothers me to do so and I probably would have finished this mindnumming tale if it had been a stand alone novel.I can not recommend anyone read this .
 I am a Sci-fi fanatic , having more than 600 books in my library.I especially enjoy alien invasions/end of world type themes . The entire attack took a few pages -LRB- and even this is boring -RRB- and we learn that the REAL problem for the few humans left is NOT space invaders but racists whites in America.The three types of aliens - confusing in the extreme - are so utterly unalien as to be laughable . They think and reason the same as humans . The humans were pure cardboard - white racists worshiping Hitler -LRB- in 2020 ! -RRB- , the unwilling hero , brave women , bad politicians . The repeated references to S Africa , Native Americans , American slavery , Palestinians , MLK were a simplistic recourse to push-button topics and were more clumsily written that my 8th grader could do . Geopolitical aspects are absent . It appears the entire experience occurs on the US West Coast.The action is rushed , plotlines unresolved , internal logic lacking ... it is hard to describe how really bad this tale is . The absolute worst part is the sheer ludicrousness of the story - that the remaining humans are worried about skin shade when billions have perished and the rest are enslaved . As I said , just ludicrous . And when you get to the end it is not the end - you have to buy another book to find out how it all ends.Thanks but no thanks .
 I just did n't like this book . I think that the racial overtones were over played . I 've always thought that the human race would unite against a common enemy , especially a human killing ET . Dietz did do a good job with the action sequences , but there were not enough of them . The book waffled between an action book and a political book and did a poor job at both.Pro - good action sequences , different plot and take on humanityCon - too many alien names , personally , I just did n't like the plot . Story seemed very sterile with really no emotion.It 's a short book if you want to read , but i would take a pass on it .
 I am not sure whether I should feel angry , depressed , or foolish after reading this book . Angry because I am tired of constantly being assaulted by authors who inflate their since of self rightousness by casting whites as the font for all racial evils in the world . When the Earth is invaded leave it the whites to keep racial hatred alive while everybody else has the character to rise above it . As for being depressed , that is simply because I was hoping for an enjoyable story which was nowhere to be found . Cookie cutter characters -LRB- none of which I cared about -RRB- coasting through improbable and rushed plot lines are n't good combinations . Finally , as you can probably guess , my foolishness came from ever having bought this book in the first place .
 The cover art for this latest sci-fi `` masterpiece '' by bestselling author William Dietz takes the cake for the goofiest effin cover art of any sci-fi novel that I have yet to see in all my years ... DOES N'T ANYONE NOTICE THAT HALF THE SPACESHIP IS THE SPACE NEEDLE ATTACHED TO WHAT LOOKS TO BE SOMETHING RIPPED OFF OF STAR TREK!Google image ` space needle from the underside ' ... and you 'll get it.The space needle destroying seattle ... wow , just wow .
 This book is a pitiful excuse for an alien invasion story that hinges heavily on race ; that of the humans and the aliens , who are just as stratified , race minded and backwards as 1875 America -LRB- reconstruction era -RRB- . I only have one thing to say
 While searching for a new author , I happend to read the first few pages of this book and it sounded interesting . Dietz starts out with a bang , but it degenerates quickly.The racist characters were so vile and repulsive , but there was no depth to them execpt that they were racist . Evntually , they became little more than an annoyance and contributed little to the story . It is like Dietz tried to include a `` racewar , '' but since he never pulls it off , the few threads that are left are tattered and tired.The most disappointing thing about the book -LRB- and the reason why it gets only one star -RRB- is that it is a total cliffhanger -- but it does n't even end on a point of tension . Another problems is that he sets up a three-way love triangle , then kills off the lynchpin before anything happens . Why bother?I will not buy the conclusion ; if I run out of stuff to read and get really bored , then I 'll rent the next one from the library . I may even have to read the end first to make sure it is not another sorry excuse to sell a THIRD book . Honestly , if Dietz ca n't finish a simple invasion story in two books , then I will avoid anything else he has or will write . As it is , he 's left a pretty sour taste in my mouth with this tripe .
 I forced myself through the first `` chapter '' , and those were the most painful 46 pages I 've read in ages . I enjoy good science fiction , but this book is n't good anything . The technique of introducing multiple characters in differing situations whose paths through the plot will intertwine is poorly executed . The characters were flat , uninteresting , unengaging . The entire first section was rushed and boring , as if even the author did n't really care and just wanted to get the framework in place as quickly as possible . Mr. Dietz needs to read `` Footfall '' again , to see how this unoriginal approach to alien invasions can be written as an interesting novel .
 I was looking for a word to describe this book and nothing other than `` horrible '' or synonyms came to my mind.I borrowed this book from someone at work because the little synopsis made it sound interesting , I should have reminded myself to never judge a book from its cover . To make it short , this book is boring , I usually read a book in a couple of days but this time it took me a month just to get done with the first chapter . This book is so full of cliche ' that will bore you to death before you even try to understand what 's going on . The characters are just so flat , they lack any kind of personaly , and every single military member acts exactly as you would expect them to in a B series movie.I never gave such a negative review to a book , but if you have some spare dollars you can find thousands of great books here on Amazon , starting with Stephen Baxter . Stay away from this one !
 Interesting enough that I did finish reading it , but confusing -LRB- or perhaps just more tiring -RRB- trying to keep track of the different species of insect aliens and their `` hierarchy '' . If it had been a `` complete '' story , I would have walked away with a review of fair , but it was especially disappointing to get to the end and find out it is the first of a series -LRB- which I wo n't be continuing -RRB- . 2 stars may be a little generous , but I have to reserve 1 star for those I wo n't even finish . I 'm going to make an effort to read these reviews before buying from now on .
 How did this book get published?Alright , let me be fair as I can be ... the writing -LRB- use of language , forms , syntax -RRB- was good if not great , but the story in general sucked.The future , near future - only a couple/few decades away - contains some serious technological advances , but the people in whom the general populace should/would/could entrust their hopes and dreams are apparently a bunch of egocentric jerks . Humanity achieves access to the stars by not sending real people in their slower than light craft , but by creating artificial humans called engrams , which are basically just recordings of individual humans running as programs in a super computer . The problem I see is that most if not all of these `` engrams '' are brutally stupid or selfish beyond the norm ... if you were running a very expensive long term space program which relied heavily on the people involved , would n't you select participants based on some seriously in-depth understanding of the personalities available?Okay , I 'll take the proverbial grain of salt and try to see what I 'm missing ... sorry , just does n't compute.The story is a tragedy in the Grecian sense -LRB- i.e. , unpleasant ending or downbeat story overall -LSB- versus comedy which simply means ` happy ending ' -RSB- -RRB- , which is dreary enough , but the worst part is that there are absolutely no sympathetic characters in the entire novel unless you find stupid and willfully ignorant people to be endearing.Beyond the characters that I could n't find any rapor for , the story itself was simply boring through most of the book , and felt enormously contrived and shallow by the end . The story pretty much ends with a trivial and meaningless whimper ... I do n't know , but seriously doubt , that there could be a sequel ... there 's just no ` bang ' for your buck here.My final recommendation
 This book is full of half realized fantastical ideas that it does n't back up at all.It pretty much loses its own thread and concentrates on some kind of existential crisis that the fake people in the bookshould have learned to live with before being sent on a long space mission.The technology is magical with no explanation at all.And the ending while impressive , is depressing and meaningless , leaving one with vast sense of dissatisfaction.This novel should have had an EDITOR who might have pushed the authors to work a little harder and back up their half formed concepts.Why would I want to read a trilogy , if they are all as tedious as this one ?
 This anthology centers on an interesting idea but the execution is problematical . The set-up is in the introductory story
 The idea is good , but the execution is poor . Characters are one dimensional and tend to be sterotypical . There 's a bra burning feminist who learns the error of her ways from Anne Boleyn , a racist reinforced by George Silver , and so on . Really ca n't say enough about the single dimensionality of the characters .
 Why am I getting asked to review this ? i didn ; t order this . This is something my mom ordered ... not me . Please ask her to review this .
 What a bizarre vampire series . As bad as it is , it has a fascination . It 's kind of an Old Testament Bible stories on morality and history for vampires , since in this series the vampires are obliged to follow religion based laws given by the Goddess that vampires must obey or the Enforcer vampire will kill them and eat them . It is totally the weirdest vampire series I 've ever come across . The first book was more serious than Partners . This one is a comedy of love about a vampire killer , human , and an Enforcer , vampire and vampire killer too , who end up liking each other . Actually , even though I 'm skimming through the books at this point -LRB- not hard to pick up the action , easy read as the books are -RRB- , it endures on my list of read books due to its amazing incredibly ridiculous I ca n't look away reality show of unbelievably silly and asinine creative plot devices that some mentalities come up with that engage interest for incomprehensible reasons . I 'm going on to the next in the series , Companions , in spite of my giggling at the utter complete insane schizophrenic logic behind this series . For god 's sake . Not only are these vampires besotted with religious commandments with the same intensity as fundamentalist Jews , Christians , Muslims and Hindus , but the vampires also engage in their ritualized punishments for transgressors of the faith as horrible as the Spanish Inquisitors and the human fundamentalists ' stoning , cutting off of body parts and the other usual generally religion sanctioned executions of sinners all the organized faiths in the world demand . I swear I 'm reading Genesis , vampire version , New American translation . And , it makes the same kind of circular leaps of illogical logic of faith and insane rules to enforce rigid , unquestioning righteous judgments that human religions do . I did n't think ANYONE could have come up with a Left Behind for vampires , and a book series that surpasses the nuttiness behind the recent Jane Austin zombie books . Wow .
 This time the setting was in the city of Seattle . Charlotte `` Char '' McCairn was new to being an Enforcer . While at Starbucks Char heard the dhamphir inform her of her first mission . The Council had decided to kill a vampire hunter named Jebel Haven . Char was chosen to do the deed . Shortly afterward , a nest leader -LRB- Helene Bourbon -RRB- asked Char to help locate one of her younger vampires named Daniel . Char decided to search for Daniel first.Jebel Haven was searching for a missing teenager who may have been abducted by vampires . Since Char and Jebel both searched for the same teen , they reluctantly joined forces . Neither were totally honest with the other and both had deadly plans for the other once Daniel was located.A dark cult had formed in the streets of Seattle . Getting to Daniel was much harder than they believed it would be . The cult had Daniel . The main cult leaders were a sorcerer and a demon . The sorcerer would be no trouble ; however , a demon was a child of a lower god . One Law of the Blood read `` It is death to any vampire who interferes in the affairs of the children of the lower gods . '' ** Unlike the first of this series , I found the second difficult to get into . The first half was so slow and the scenes were scattered and choppy . Yet the second half was non-stop action.By the time I found this series , books 1 - 5 were already published . By reading the back covers I learned that each book was a different city and a different Enforcer . Char and her companion will return in book five . Therefore , I must guess that these main characters will interact with each other some time in the future . You CAN skip book two , but if you intend to read the whole series DO NOT skip it . This book will explain Char and Jebel . Since they WILL be returning in future book -LRB- s -RRB- , this one is worth your time to pick up . But search a used book store first . ** Reviewed by Detra Fitch of Huntress Reviews .
 -LSB- ***** = breathtaking , **** = excellent , *** = good , ** = flawed , * = bad -RSB- The writing is gorgeous , which is a given for McKillip . But all three characters are exactly alike -- and , while two are women , the third is supposed to be a guy!Plus , the actual quest got a little murky for me . I was never sure exactly how our main characters are supposed to save Ombria . Longer review at ImpatientReader-dot-com .
 This is a terrible book . Terrible , just terrible . A great disappointment after her earlier books , some of which were actually quite good . This book is badly written , answers no important questions about the series , and is exceptionally unsatisfying . The ending smacks of deadlines and contractual obligations ; it feels more like a sketchy half-baked outline than the big wrap up -LRB- so far -RRB- to the series.Oh , and Ms. Viehl , if you write another book about these characters , please , please skip enough years to spare us the daughter 's irritating baby talk . And please do n't introduce another mystery like her teleportation ability -LRB- I assume that 's what was behind her appearing in mysterious places -RRB- without at least giving us a little resolution . It 's irritating enough when you finally bring us to Maggie 's world and then give us her weak revelation and then basically tell us it is n't true . You have to resolve something in a 400 + page book , and the ridiculous health crisis that gets solved in ten minutes at the end of the outline-style ending just does n't cut it . Also , the Bartermen are a terrible plot device , but not nearly as bad as the aliens who -LRB- again -RRB- kidnap Cherijo to sell her into slavery . Worse is the fact that they 're so tiny that she just clonks their heads together and knocks them out to rescue herself . It 's like the ending of a Superfriends episode , where everyone has a laugh at the expense of Wendy and Marvin -LRB- or Zan and Jayna , if you prefer -RRB- . An amazingly cheesy ending to a book that was n't worth the cover price.I only give it two stars because of a lingering affection for some of the characters , few of whom get much chance to shine in this stinker .
 Book I
 The first couple of Stardoc novels featured intresting alien cultures , excitement and ethical dilemmas . This one not only disappoints on those issues , but features the most annoyingly cute little kid since Totty in ADAM BEDE . You need a hit of insulin to get through this one . This supposedly gifted kid ca n't get out two words without baby talk , made exculsively of oh-so-cute misprounciations . What a tweet widdle kawaktow -- not . As Dorothy Parker said , `` Tonstant Weader Frowed Up . ''
 The novel starts of with promise but then the griding of the authors personal axes starts to whine in your ear . And it gets louder and louder as the pages turn . The NASA sections are just plain unbelievable . Why must every Sci-Fci author paint them with the incompentant pen pusher brush ? The scenese of modern society are not beliveable . The characters are less complicated and real than the plastic toys you find in McDonalds fun meals . Once on mars it just gets more and more stupid until you wonder at your own personal skills in picking this book up and not noticing the smell it gives out . A stinker . I thought it may be trying to be funny ala `` the stainless steel rat '' but I suspect the author just ca n't write .
 I did not buy this book , rather , I borrowed it from a workplace `` book swap rack '' and I am glad that I did . The writing is fair enough , but the lack of originality really drains your enthusiasm . Science fiction is a tough medium to write in as most of the truly great ideas have already been explored , but it 's not an excuse to re-work works from Philip K Dick -LRB- `` Do Androids Dream of Electric Sleep ? '' , i.e. the movie Total Recall -RRB- and Stanley Clarke -LRB- `` 2010 , The Year We Make Contact '' -RRB- . Do yourself a favor and read those two books ... and skip this one .
 Barely readable . Not particularly creative , nothing to ponder , characters you really do n't care about . Where has all the good science fiction gone ? Not here .
 This is my first Amazon.com book review . Everyone who knows me I read a lot , but this is the first time I 've written about a book I 've read here.I started off feeling the book was `` OK '' ... it did n't keep me up at night , but it was an enjoyable enough book ... Then later on in the book when everyone got to Mars things started to take a turn for the worse . What little bit of a `` plot '' that had been developing in the book started to fall apart . As other 's have commented here the characters seemed to be `` cookie-cutter '' style , lacking depth.I just do n't know where to start ... the `` Russian tanks '' that are on Mars -LRB- yea ... when earlier in the book they are talking about shipping a hand full of people at a time Russia would ship `` TANKS '' to Mars ... -RRB- , or the `` un-killable '' assassin that shows up on the ship , just before they blast off back to Earth , or the changing timelines -LRB- they have a ship that will be at Mar 's in a few days , then a few days pass -LRB- while he is off in an alien world learning `` the way of the warrior '' and adding in a little randomness into the alien AI -RRB- , and then after all of that they are still a few days away ... I 've seen a number of people here give RAVE reviews , and I guess I just look at the book differently . Anyway ... I do not feel that I could recommend anyone buying it ... that is unless you already like the writings of Bruce Balfour . If you know someone who has this book , or if you can get it from a library , then it might be worth checking out ... but at today 's book prices ... in my opinion , no .
 There are only a few books I have given up on before finishing , and this is one of them . Being a fancier of possible life and artifacts on mars , I was drawn to the enticements of the book jacket . Unfortunately , once I began reading I became repelled by the prose , plotting -LRB- or is that plodding ? -RRB- and characters . The writing is pedantic , the people and human situations unbelievable , the science meager , the frame of reference nerdishly undeveloped . I knew that if I persevered , I would only be angry at myself and the author for wasting my time . I must express my gratitude to the other low score reviewers for helping warn me off .
 This book is a real stinker . Written in amateur prose with cardboard characters and a plot that reads like a Saturday morning cartoon . The continuous references to a vast amount of future tech and the ridiculous amount of exposition slows down the first part of the book to the point of pain . Add to that the disjointed nature and many clich&eacute;s used by the author and you 've got yourself a truly childish piece of work . There 's far better science fiction out there , do n't waste your time with this book .
 While this book has some good bits of advice , there is nothing in which a reader can sink their teeth - there is no substance to the book at all . The chapters consist of ` fortune cookie ' sayings that are supposed to guide you into a more successful workplace . How about providing some substance so that readers can really delve into a topic , rather than just being presented with a headline . I ` read ' this book in under an hour , and did n't come away with any real words of wisdom , other than to not recommend it to others .
 I expected a lot out of this book . For me , the book seems to lack substance . While the topic is valid , and everyone needs to follow the intent of this book , the book itself is not a road map on how to get there . There are a couple of nice stories of people who go the extra mile , but if you are not one of those people already , this book is going to guide you to get there.The book came highly reccommended by Dave Ramsey , however , it did not live up to my expectations . Had the book been an article in a magazine , -LRB- it can easily be shortened to fit -RRB- it would have been worth the price of the magazine . The story was not ready for a stand alone publication .
 For everyone forced by management to read this book and/or take the class I will summarize it for you
 `` The Question Behind the Question '' only took about 30 minutes to read , and consists of several ` chapters ' that are about 300 words each in length . Each chapter was short thoughts or anecdotes that are relational to the theme of the book , that ` personal accountability ' is gone from modern society , specifically modern business.Though I would agree with Mr. Miller that not nearly enough people prefer to take responsibility for problems , I believe that the book does a poor job of selling the theme of asking better questions and motivating employees to take more responsibility . Mr. Miller does n't ever assert his point clearly , but rather darts around in a syncopated style that often leaves the reader thinking ` that was a neat anecdote , but why did he share it ' . On a grander scale , this is a management book , for management types who fall in love with self help books . For those types of managers , this book will seem like a godsend , because it focuses on the idea of making your employees want to work , which would be a common complaint from all managers . It also emphasizes the idea that its not the managers job to motivate them , or help them , but rather to ask specific types of questions that should lead their employees to their own idea of ` personal responsibility ' about their jobs . I would argue that work is just that , work . And the only way people are motivated to work is by being paid.Mr . Miller is a salesman , and a savvy one at that . He recognizes that managers complain about a lack of motivated employees , so he wrote a book that speaks to that point . If managers complained that not enough people wore green to work , he 'd write a book about that too . His game is not making you a better boss , but selling more books . Remember that with all the self help books people think about buying . Also remember that there is an incredible industry behind ` management consulting ' and these sorts of hokey , cheesy things rarely are deep enough to provoke real results . There 's no excuse for ` going and seeing ' issues , talking to people and gathering opinions , and making decisions .
 Never received the book . Book shows as being delivered , but does not show where it delivered to and who signed for the book .
 Although the reviews of Miller 's QBQ are resoundingly positive , I do not appreciate the book at all . I have been a practitioner in Management Development for 25 years , I have a doctoral degree in the field , and I consider books like QBQ to detrimental to the education of managers . Books like Who Moved My Cheese , and others where you do n't really have to read the book to be able to mouth the catchphrase , I find counterproductive . These brief , stand-alone concepts let managers ` off the hook ' in their responsibility to their shareholders and their own professional development , by allowing them to think that they are learning and growing professionally . They are being entertained -LRB- a good thing , -RRB- getting a common language to use with their co-workers -LRB- also good , -RRB- and they allow the author to guide them passively through lots of applications of their ` buzz word ' concept -LRB- not so good . -RRB- Nevertheless , they do not integrate with the next ` flavor of the month . ' The ` big picture ' of consistent messages to management does not materialize.Given my profession , I prefer a curriculum of concepts , courses , behaviors and skills , and even some management theory , but most importantly , a curriculum based on diagnosed organizational needs . Miller is entertaining in his stand-up delivery . Miller 's book is a kind of business card for his $ 20k for a two-hour ` motivational ' speaking business ; I think organizations should put that money to better use .
 Why do we pay for our Kindle and then get charged a 35 % premium over the price of the print version of this book ? Someone needs to get a clue here . I would love to read this book on my Kindle but refuse to pay more for it .
 This book came highly recommended so I was looking forward to it but ended up very disapointed . First off , this is a very thin , large font , tons of white space excuse for a book - there is very little to it and it is n't worth 5 bucks much less the list price of 20 . The book is fluffy , trite and idealistic at best . The entire gist of the book is covered here in the Amazon description and all the value is there as well - no need to buy the book . Skip this one .
 If you have time to read , pick another selection by Drucker or someone who gives you more meat on management and motivation . Maslow on Management is better for the types of ideas this author presents .
 Reading QBQ is not difficult . It can be done in less than two hours -LRB- time it takes to roll one 's eyes included -RRB- . The premise is that employees need to be responsible ... for everything . If employees do not perform ... it 's their fault . The employer has no part in this . Employees need to stop making excuses , stop being lazy , stop procrastinating , stop pointing fingers , put up and shut up . Most important , employees need to stop asking questions . If they do ask questions , they need to answer it themselves by taking responsibility for their own impotence.This must be music to irresponsible managers ears that will be happy to hire the author to give two day courses . They have no part in it . It is the employees fault .
 The author is well intentioned , and apparently has a good training background behind him.But anyone who has been through any corporate training program knows that the trainers have a highlevel understanding of business operations , not a deep understanding of how to execute.There are no ` Wows ' in this book only the meandering story tellings of someone with alot of miles under his belt ... and a business to promote , QBQ.The book has simplisting examples and the writing style is pleasant , but void of any depth in business execution and analysis .
 This book has some of the most irreverent , misleading quotes , and practices I have ever heard.We have all heard the maxim '' think outside of the box '' . This guy uses sound bites like '' succeed in the box `` Basically this book tells how to blame yourself for what others fail to do.This to me is standard `` Management 101 '' or how to make your employees improve your business with out giving them what they need to succeed.Kind of a `` if you do n't have a hammer you can always use your fist '' type mentality.I imagine this guy makes a lot of money on the talk circuit easing the management conscience.repeat after me ... '' the company is always right '' . Now do n't get me wrong . I 'm all for self improvement , and great customer service.But I also believe the truth will set you free and laying blame where is belongs.As a businessman I believe `` everyone is a customer '' . You workers are your customer , and you are -LRB- if you have one -RRB- your bosses customer.If you see your workers as customers you will no doubt treat them as they should be.Just my opinion .
 This book is founded on the idea of personal accountability . Unfortunately , the random collection of parables and stories does little to advance the premise . Ideas are presented in a one-dimentional fashion deviod of any real depth of analysis and only a very few tools.The book is packaged in a palatable feel-good package which will make it ripe for the plucking for corporate management looking for the next `` Who moved my cheese '' or `` Emotional Intellegence . `` Bottom line - the book is simple common sence . The message ? Stop playing the complain and blame game , take responsibility for your actions , make your own choices , and get on with your life.I have to belive that the reviewers who are rating this as `` the best read ever '' have a woefully small library . I do think that the premise of the book is very valid , however the book is more fluff than substance.Sidebar : If you are interested in the personal actions that help with following a path of personal accountability , I suggest you look at the ideas behind Albert Ellis 's Rational Emotive Behavior Therapy -LRB- REBT -RRB- which gives you a working model of how to apply the ideas of personal accountability to your own thinking .
 This is one of the worst self help books I have ever read . It states that `` QBQ works because it 's based on the truth `` I can only change me '' . This statement is a complete falsehood . While I am responsible for my actions , what I do can influence , and change , the behavior of others . In the new right-wing politically correct environment we are in this book might make people feel good , but it offers nothing in terms of new ways of thinking , tools one can use to improve oneself , or ways to figure out how to improve a process . It requires no effort and results in no paradigm shifts in thinking . It runs counter to most Lean Manufacturing ideas and methods if one is working in a production environment . Stick with `` 7 Habits of Highly Effective People '' if you are really looking to do some soul searching .
 i really do n't know why people love this book so much . it has about 1 real page worth of advice , with the rest being stories and platitudes . it basically says that in all cases , even where other people clearly drop the ball , you should do your best . one other review that states `` Basically this book tells how to blame yourself for what others fail to do '' is exactly right . there 's got to be a better way to approach the topic of accountability without being such a doormat .
 I found QBQ to be very elementary reading . I read the book in an hour and found a couple of tidbits worth remembering . I was very disappointed overall in the book . For a manager looking for ideas it was little more than trite , rah , rah material . Because of the ease of reading and time spent reading it , you may find it worthwhile .
 I did not like this book . It gave the reader the type of ideas that are talked about and understood as common sense . The book showed me nothing new .
 Why would this book cost MORE in an electronic format ? Unbelievable !!!!! Perhaps that is the question behind the question and my answer is no way !!!
 `` Infantile '' is the best word I can think of when describing this book . Ramsey seems to imply that great and wonderful things will happen just by following his advice . This is pure and utter nonsense . Sure , maybe if EVERYONE followed his advice , the world would be a better place , and we 'd have world peace . But people are n't like that . This will sound cynical , but here it is ... If you take the initiative to satisfy the customer by doing someone else 's job for them , you may find yourself doing their job forever , while they sit around and do nothing.I thoroughly enjoyed his story about the Home Depot cashier , reaching into her own pocket to pay for a small sale rather than send the customer 's $ 100 bill back to the vault for change . Yes , the customer brought all his business to Home Depot . But what 's the rest of the story ? Did Home Depot manage to keep that customer for the long term , or did they do their normal job and end up losing that customer 's loyalty after a few months ? Clearly , all of Home Depot does n't act like that cashier , and while her actions may have attracted a customer , Home Depot 's actions eventually lost that customer . So , tell me , what was gained?This book reminded me of `` Who Moved My Cheese '' , which was another pseudo-management book which holier-than-thou managers give to their underlings in a vain attempt to inspire them to act in a way which the managers will never choose for themselves . -LRB- BTW , I am a manager . -RRB- This genre of books preaches the magic of kittens and rainbows . In reality , their only purpose is to give authors a product to sell , and a venue to preach their stupidity , all that the incredible expense of corporations who think `` this book will solve all our problems ! `` Do n't waste your money . Take General George S. Patton 's advice instead
 As such I decided to read one of his books that was in the library . Yawn ! Didnt think it was very good . The reason I cant recommend it is that it speaks about the obvious in responsibility . I mean if you dont know the obvious how would you get a job at a corporation in the first place ? That is my opinion
 I bought this book because it was recommended by Dave Ramsey and it 's the first of his recommendations that I was slightly disappointed with . This book has a great message , do n't get my 2 stars wrong . I think everyone should have a sense of personal responsibility and accountability in all aspects of their lives.The reason I give this book 2 stars is because I believe you can get just as much out of reading the reviews as you can from buying the book . It 's a short book and a quick afternoon read - but for some reason it took the author a whole book just to say more or less two things :1 -RRB- Start taking responsibility for your lives2 -RRB- Stop asking `` why me ? '' or playing the blame game and instead start asking `` what or how can I fix this ? or `` what can I do to help in this situation ? `` I truly believe the main points to this book could be summed up in a well-written pamphlet . I found the book to be incredibly redundant , however I suppose if taking responsibility for yourself is a new concept to you , maybe you need to reread it over and over again ...
 DO NOT BUY ON KINDLE . Takes 20 minutes to read , is way overpriced . The information can be gleaned in about 3 minutes . The other 17 minutes are facile examples . BUYER BEWARE !
 I heard the author on the radio and thought this would be a very good book . I was very disappointed . It is short , some chapters are one paragraph and it has large font . It has some nice thoughts , but it is way over hyped . Save your money .
 Take a trip down the road to gullibility as John G. Miller teaches people to move beyond `` victim thinking '' into actual victimhood.Drawing on his vast experiences standing in lines at retail outlets he 's developed `` gems '' of advice such as ; low paid retail employees should use their own meager salaries to cover for managerial inadequacies and understaffing habits of the giant profit making corporations that employ them . Chocked full of childish anecdotes the book illustrates examples of people doing other people 's jobs in the manner of a classic twelve-step enabler.Be wary of anyone giving you a book about personal accountability that does n't also include the shocking idea of holding others to their obligations . Likely it 's because they do n't know how to fulfill their own responsibilities and they are planning on dumping the work/blame onto you . This book is a Trojan horse for goldbrickers everywhere.John G. Miller makes himself the darling of overwhelmed managers who are hiding in their offices , incapacitated by fear and their own incompetence , by proposing a silly fantasy world where the correcting and coping with the chaos that 's created by a management vacuum is the responsibility of those suffering from it , not those who cause it or get paid to prevent it . Apparently inept managers should be out spending their bonuses on cars and golf and we could all facilitate that by just not whining about them being MIA . As the competency of the average 21st century manager continues to decline at meteoric velocity they will need to dump the blame and responsibility for their failure off onto their reports if the bonuses are to continue to roll in . If you 're a `` manager '' unable to fulfill the duties of that management position you took for the extra money and to stroke your ego or because you ca n't provide any actual contribution to your company 's core business then you may also be dumb enough to think that this book is the answer to the panic you feel now that you 're realizing that you have absolutely no idea how to actually lead . Simple solution ; do n't start leading , avoid the tough choices , continue to not do your job and pass these books out to the underlings . Make the ingrates think it 's their fault and their problem to solve ; if you can con them into covering for you then you can keep doing nothing forever . Considering the average spineless employee , clueless stockholder , and the fact that your managers are probably as incompetent as you it should work like a charm.Where are all these positive reviews coming from ? I ca n't believe these are real and not just paid plugs or friends & family of the author or the author himself using 115 pseudonyms .
 This is a complete waste ! Complete waste of time and money . This is for weak managers who are afraid to manage . The author wants managers to tell all of your subordinates , `` Do n't ask why '' . The message is do your job and do n't worry when others -LRB- including managers -RRB- do n't do their jobs ! This is the type of training all worthless employees have been waiting for.If you follow this training , the next time you hear `` Why '' will be from your family member asking why did you company go out of business !
 My company required its employees , all high-tech , highly motivated people , to read this book . Not a single person has had a positive experience with it . The examples and anecdotes provided in the book are too simple and no practical methodology is given to get serious results.For example , Mr. Miller gives an example of Judy , a Wal-Mart employee who pays for a customer 's purchase when all he has is a $ 100 bill . Instead of helping the customer politely using the process laid out by the employer , Mr. Miller suggests that this is the correct way to conduct business ! Not practical in the corporate world . Often it is necessary to provide feedback to vendors , co-workers , and employees - feedback which can be negative . Mr. Miller suggests that if employees are showing up late for work , vendors are delivery sub-standard parts , or production line output is sagging , it 's YOUR fault , and you must undertake fixing it ! Mr. Miller tries to explain that constructive criticism is a concept not compatible with good employees or a positive view on life , but offers nothing helpful in dealing with problem employees or situations where you do n't have time to be warm and fuzzy to get a problem resolved quickly.The rest of the book offers cliches , buzz words , feel-good tactics , and euphanisms that tell what great employees already know
 I read the entire book -LRB- super large print -RRB- in about an hour . It had some points of interest . -LRB- I bought this off Amazon based on the recommendations -RRB- . But unless you 're the type who 'll go into a restaurant and put down $ 80 for a salad , move on . The whole book could be boiled down to one of those laminated placards leaving enough room left over for VCR programming instructions :-RRB- . I 'd say its worth $ 2 - $ 4 . Sorry I ca n't recommend an alternative . On the more positive side , as I said it was n't a COMPLETE waste of time but any 2 - 3 page article in a magazine would do as much . Not even , imho , a good Cliff notes type thing for those who just want to talk the talk . To paraphrase `` Less Filling , More cost ''
 First I want to give credit where credit is due . There is truth in this book in that many people look to place the blame for their unhappiness , inadequacies and feelings of helplessness on other people or circumstances supposedly beyond their control . The real truth is that we only control ourselves and not perfectly at that . Further , we only have the ability to influence , not control others . Having said this , the beneficial part of this book can be summed up in the following statement . If we learn in each situation not to try to find whom or what to blame , since we have no control over others , but rather how we can take control of the situation and resolve it ourselves , we will greatly reduce the feeling of helplessness we experience . More simply stated learn to ask in each situation `` What steps must I take to resolve this ? '' By doing this you take charge of your life putting yourself back in control . Also notable is the fact that chapter 36 `` Wisdom '' is the shortest chapter in the book . Chapter 37 `` We Buy Too Many Books '' applies to this book .
 The book contains some excellent stories to illustrate the need for accountability and excellent examples of how accountability works . However , there is no process given on how to achieve it . The author basically recommends a change in attitude . Frankly , I do n't need a book to tell me that .
 My opinion is that QBQ is a book of full obvious writings . I am a little shocked that the book 's content is so obvious and simple . Perhaps the book is aimed at younger kids ?
 There is no flow to this book and to call it a book I feel is misleading . I would describe it as a collection of random quotes and phrases accompanied by a short story to demonstrate the point . All you need to know is right on the cover
 I am always looking for good sales books to read and was handed QBQ at my work . Unfortunately , and in my opinion , this book 's content is too shallow and obvious . I find that the texts and thoughts are really elementary and rudimentary.I also am disappointed by the short length of the book .
 Poorly written , little data or evidence and not helpful . Perhaps this book is useful for young adults but I ca n't believe there are substantial lessons learned by most .
 This is an entirely overrated publication . There is plenty of warm and fuzzy but the recommendations could have been written by a middle school student after an hour -LRB- of less -RRB- of one-on-one conversation .
 The book reads easily , partly because most of what it has to offer almost everybody already knows . That being said , there are some worthwhile thoughts embedded in it , and it can be read in an hour , so there 's not much to lose.My biggest problem with the book is that Miller 's impliicit definition of `` personal accountability '' is not distinct from responsibility and therefore loses all of its power , especially as a business requirement . Yet , the subtitle of the book is `` practicing personal accountability at work and in life '' , and , sorry , you ca n't practice accountability if you do n't know what it is ... Oh , and the phrase `` personal accountability '' is a redundancy -- there is no accountability other than that which is personal .
 Just buy Flipping the Switch by same author . It gets to the same point with a better word picture.Great gift for whiners and complainers .
 Not up to what I expected the book to be . There are other books by the author that are well worth the price but this one is not .
 I guess I can tell you that all the book says is : `` Take care of your anger '' . So you have it now and you do not need need to buy this book.It is not really helpfull and has nothing interesting to say .
 The book is preachy . The characters are not credible . The plot is thin . The writing is horrible . By halfway through , I only wanted it to end . I finished it just because I did n't want the book to beat me . This was a total waste of time . Not at all up to the quality of past Cook novels , and not indicative of someone who has written so many best sellers . This was just published , but it reads like a new author 's first novel . Stay away .
 This book is on my list of the dumbest books I 've read . The plot is silly . -LRB- Think of the silliest episode of Star Trek and then double it -RRB- Surface dwellers enter and then ruin a Utopian society . It 's been done and done , again and again ... and done better than this . Shun this clunker of a book at all costs . It 's not even recommendable as a light summer read . I wo n't touch another Robin Cook novel after reading this bomb .
 I did n't read Amazon 's reader reviews on this book until afterward , but they all seemed to mirror my own assessment of `` Abduction '' . My first thought was ` Did he write this in high school or what ? ' . This novel was definitely not up to Robin Cook standards in comparison to his many wonderful medical thrillers . His characters were nothing short of juvenile in behavior , and his overuse of the word `` surreal '' in one chapter had me about ready to scratch my own eyes out ! I think Dr. Cook had better give up science fiction and go back to doctors and hospitals , where he excels as a novelist .
 This novel tells the story of five people who are sucked into an undersea civilization very much older than our own . The plot hinges on two of the `` suckees '' - deepsea divers - acting like oversexed Neanderthals who become rapacious killers in a Utopia that knows no violence . The characters in this book are so unreal , their actions so inexplicable and `` far out , '' that the novel becomes laughable . The premise , the plot , and the characters are so cartoon-like that the reader weeps for Robin Cook ; to think that a well-known author 's gift is revealed as so thin and fragile . This book is a literary suicide . Avoid it !
 After reading that Robin Cook is supposed to be one of the good medical thriller authors , I decided to give him a chance . He definitely did n't pass my test ! The main thing that really irked me about this book was his portrayal of blue collar workers . Just because he is a doctor with a degree on his wall does n't mean that he is better than everyone else . His portrayal of blue collar workers shows them to be idiotic , homophobic and purely hostile when it comes to conversations with the more `` civilized . '' One word to describe this book
 THE SETUPAn oceanographic drilling crew is abducted by a sub-oceanic civilization , which had evolved on earth prior to us `` second generation '' humans.COMMENTS `` Abduction '' is juvenile science fiction at best . In good science fiction there is some attempt to conform to the laws of physics , etc. , and the alien civilization has some limitations . In `` Abduction '' Cook makes no effort to conform known genetics , physics , geology , etc , and the power of the `` first generation humans '' is almost unlimited.The `` first generation humans '' are essentially immortals and capable of intergalactic and time travel . They intercept and study all of the radio , television , etc. communitcations of the `` second generation '' . They can mask their undersea mountains from Geosat satellites . Yet , implausibly , they need to abduct a few ordinary `` second generation humans '' to ask them about the state of deep oceanic drilling . Huh?And of course , the `` first generation humans '' conform to every adolescent vision of a utopian society . They are masters of extremely advanced technology . Slave robots to do all the actual work , appearing almost instantly with anything desired . Doors disappear into walls . They are apparently vegans , and the food tastes different to each person depending on their preferences , etc. . Of course the inhabitants barely bother with clothing , apparently love-making is about their only activity . They are pacifists who abhor violence of any kind . And yet they are just ordinary folks?Why do they have large refrigerators in their apartments , particularly in their microbe-free environment ? Have n't they managed to miniaturize refrigeration ? And for that matter , what do they need refrigerators for when robot slaves appear almost instantly with anything requested?How plausible is it that offered immortal luxury , the entire `` second generation '' crew -LRB- with the exception of a woman -RRB- are obscessed with escape?VERDICTFor a 12-year-old author , this would have been a fine effort . But for an established adult author , the novel was a great disappointment .
 This was a slow , painful journey to the center of the earth . The story lacked any interesting content . The attempts at suspense failed . It 's the worst book I 've been exposed to in some time . There are far better ways to spend your time .
 I have always found Robin cook to be a rather poor writer , and that seems to be a trait shared by other MD 's turned authors . However , that has not prevented me from reading several books by Robin Cook and , for the most part , enjoying them to varying degrees.The strength of Cook 's other work was that he stuck to what he knew - medicine . Granted , the writing was sophomoric and the plot usually the same old recycled `` Docs stealing bodyparts/drugs/fill in the blank for profit '' plot but the ride was usually pleasantly diverting and painless.TILL NOW!This book offends just about every sense that it can , from the absurdly childish plotting to the incredibly hack nature of the prose . This book actually insults cliche 's ... it sooo bad I can barely find words to describe my amazament at the book - -LRB- The horror - the horror . . -RRB- Be warned - books rarely get as bad as this . It is poorly plotted , written , conceived . That any of the characters in the book can be viewed favorably is impossible . Everyone 's a dolt or selfish or stupid . -LRB- No one is as stupid as me for actually reading this to the end - just shoot me for god 's sake -RRB- Have I made it clear ? A 1st grader could tell a more compelling and captivating story . It 's too late for me - but save yourself - Do n't read this garbage !
 At least I did n't pay anything for this insipid waste of paper . Teaching at a rural school on Zanzibar , I was happy to read any book I could get my hands on . Somehow this book made its way into the school ; it was so terrible I could n't put it down ! Predictable plot , flat characters , sophomoric style ; indeed , there is little to redeem it.If you want to have a good laugh over a bad book , look no further .
 I consider myself to be a Robin Cook fan . In fact , I put Abduction on reserve at the library before it had even arrived from the publisher . I was very disappointed . The story is silly , the characters are one dimensional -LRB- if that -RRB- and the writing is amateurish . I doubt that if this has been another author 's first novel that it would even have been published .
 The story is totally unbelieveable . The characters have absolutely no depth and the story line is non-existent . I did not even finish listening to this unabridged audio of this book . I have enjoyed Cook 's books in the past but I do n't think he wrote this one .
 I guess I 'll add another `` I was very disappointed '' to the group . I am a huge fan of Robin Cook and can hardly wait until his books come out . This book had me giggling in some places , though I do n't think that was his intent . It seemed to be something a `` budding sci-fi writer '' might do as a first book , not a seasoned writer of medical thrillers . I did donate it to my High School library , as the kids might enjoy it if they do n't know who Robin Cook is . When they check it out , I will tell them not to judge his writing on that book alone and recommend another to them .
 Disappointing . The whole plot is unconvincing and the characters are weak ... I would not recommend this book .
 I am a big fan of Robin Cook , have read all his books . I feel his strongest books are those that portray possible real life scenarios , such as Toxin . Abduction reads as if it were thrown together during long plane trips or something . The characters are overly stylized and the story unbelievable and shallow . If you like Robin Cook 's usual fare , you may well be disappointed with Abduction ; and if you have n't read his books before , do n't start with this one .
 I tried to have a totally open mind while reading this book . In fact , it managed to grab and hold my attention for the first `` section '' of it . Then it drifted off into something it seemed like a 5th grader on a sugar high dreamed up ... My advice
 If there were an option to rate it as -5 , that 's what I would have given it . The book is ludicrous and I 'm embarrassed to have purchased it .
 Reading this book was like reading a script for a B movie written in the early 1960 's . Even the main characters were unbelievable . It is hard to think that Cook actually wrote this book because his other books have been very good . If you want to read a good thrilling book about under the earth read ` The Descent ' by Jeff Long .
 I believe that this is the worst book I 've ever read ; I 'm ashamed to say I actually looked at every page . The plotting , characterization , and style is at the fifth grade level . Everything is astonishingly shallow , trite , and predictable , and the writer -LRB- I ca n't believe it was Cook -RRB- even screwed up the ending twist . For heaven 's sake , do n't encourage them and pay money for this trash . Read Verne . Zero stars .
 I like good Sci-Fi , but this book does n't qualify . The book 's beginning is good , the middle boring and trite , with an ending that is very weak . In some respects , this book is a take off on H.G. Wells `` Time Machine '' with obvious influence by Jules Verne . The story line had lots of potential that was just not met . Pass on this one , but if you have not read other works by Robin Cook do so . This book is not typical of his usual fine writing .
 Having read all of Robin Cook 's novels , I anticipated another exciting story . I was disappointed . Although well written , I found the subject a little too far-fetched , and not the usual Robin Cook excitement . Having also read `` Invasion '' , I feel that Robin Cook should keep to the medical themes that he obviously knows so well . His medical stories are always `` ca n't put down '' believable .
 I agree with almost everything the other reviewers have said . The only thing that pleased me was that I did n't pay the full price for the book ! Hopefully RC will read a few of these reviews and see the error of his ways . I am a great fan of him but this one was really bad !
 This was my first Cook novel , having depleted my favorite authors my wife insisted I give Cook a try.To her defense she has not read this one yet.I will go back and read his medical thrillers.I hear they are great.But this was awful , I have never quit a book after starting one and was determined to finish this one.And that is the only reason I was up late reading this one.The ending I dont have a problem with , it is that no one seemed to be punished for crimes committed and some punished for no crimes committed.I dont mind an ending that stirs controversy but jeez come on , give us something . I would like to hear what Cook had in mind when he wrote this novel.And if it is a earlier work , just released.Several things make no sense such as why abduct the divers when all they wanted was the woman.And Mr.Cook should meet some military vets , because while the two divers are not completely impossible the retired vet was way off base.I served as did my father and an officer as most vets can leave it behind once retired .
 Can this book really have been written by the Robin Cook , whose previous books I have thoroughly enjoyed ? The beginning of the story caught my attention , but soon dropped to readying quickly to get it over with . I sincerely hope that Mr. Cook will return to what he does best
 If this were written by someone known to write science fiction , I would not have even started the book . Robin Cook writes terrific medical thrillers and he should stick with it .
 The book was an interesting and light read . But too many things did n't make sense . The underwater people have sex but they do n't know what kissing is ? They monitor life on the surface but do n't know what a Frisbee is ? They have all that scientific knowledge but ca n't recognize a $ 2 piece of plastic as some kind of a toy ? It stretched the imagination , especially when they have brought other surface humans down there and surely one of them could have told them what a frisbee was . I mean really , in all of history the Interterrans do n't have not one video of people playing in a park ? They could poke into any other point in time , but not that . Plus , they had access to all television stations . It 's impossible to believe that they never saw a frisbee . As you can tell , this is where the story really went south for me . That and the fact that they would n't clean up the items in the museum , but they fixed the Oceanus.But the worst part was the non-ending . Cook could n't come up with a 3 page epilogue ? Come on . But even before that , it felt like he stopped writing . Like it was a made for TV movie and he realized it was 9:50 pm and he needed to wrap it up by 10 . The book begged for at least 2 more chapters . At least it could have been wrapped up in a neat bow and readers could forget some of the nonsense .
 Excessive exposition , two-dimensional characters and illogical plot points . Surprising from Robin Cook - possibly a ghost writer ? Premise was promising but poorly executed .
 The only abduction here is that of the reader 's time and money . The idea of a secret city under the sea -LRB- in the earth 's crust -RRB- seemed a little out there , but then do so the stories of Jules Verne , H.G. Wells and M. Crichton , so I kept reading hoping something interesting would turn up . Alas , it just got more boring and trite as it went on . I skipped a big chunk and went towards the end , again hoping for some twist or something to justify my having bought it . No such luck . I can only believe that this book was published because of the author 's very well-known name . Please , Dr.C. , stick to medical thrillers or you 'll lose a ton of readers .
 I have read almost every one of Cook 's books , and I found Abduction to be such a disappointment . It is sort of a combination of Man from Atlantis and Lost in Space , and not done as well as either of those B-grade t.v. shows . The premise of the book was far-fetched , and the characters were fairly steroetypical . I got lost in the technical jargon during Arak 's explanations to Suzanne -LRB- the glossary in the back of the book helped , but not all of the terms were there -RRB- , and I do n't like to read a fiction book with the aid of a dictionary . The ending was very trite , not all that surprising , and disappointing in that the reader never really knows what happens to Suzanne . I get the feeling that Cook was writing this one to sell as a made for t.v. movie and lost sight of the higher quality writing that he is capable of . If you are a Cook fan like I am , read it so that you can say you 've read it ; otherwise , do n't waste your time .
 I was glad to see Dr. Cook going beyond the medical thriller , but `` Abduction '' was a disappointing Michael Critian -LRB- ? -RRB- clone . The premise was good , but the writing was not up to Dr. Cook 's usual talent .
 I have read many of Robin Cook 's medical thrillers , and find most to be interesting , though a bit formulatic . I find it hard to believe this book is by the same author . I had to keep pushing myself to keep reading in the hope that the book had to get better . No luck , it just kept spiraling downward . The ending was enough to cause me to literally doze off.The characters were not developed , the writing style was elementary school level , and the plot did nothing to draw me in . It 's as if Mr. Cook had a contract to fulfill , waited untill there were 18 hours left , and gave birth to this weak effort . Laid an egg is more like it .
 First of all , I LOVE Cook 's books . I love the science and facts he usually uses . Even when he does take literary/artistic license , he backs up his imaginative scenarios with some facts . I was totally unprepared for the science fiction utopian storyline of Abduction - there is n't even a hint on the back cover to tell you what 's coming . I figured `` Oh , maybe the oceanographers bring some oddball bacteria back with them , '' but noooo , the oceanographers are sucked into a bizarre utopia of lazy , beautiful humans . As another review said , there are no likable characters , so I found myself not caring about what happened . The twist at the end was a bit silly and felt very forced , as did many of the scenes . I 'd recommend it to someone else as a for-fun , kicks-and-giggles read , but I would make sure they know Abduction is not a medical thriller .
 What happened to DOCTOR Cook ? Science fiction ?? I was expecting another great medical thriller as usual . Although I found the book interesting , it 's not the real Robin Cook .
 Having read and loved many of Robin Cook 's previous novels , I expected to be pleased with this long awaited book . The fact that it came out in paperback instead of hardback was a surprise at the time . Having read the book , I 'm wondering why they wasted the paper ? I was very disappointed in the storyline . It dragged on and on , and all I could think was that Robin was into his second childhood . Having reached the end of the book -LRB- I was given permission to stop reading it by more than one person -RRB- , I feel like I 've just completed a marathon . Robin needs to get back to what he knows best , and stay away from the `` abduction / alien/X-files '' type novels . Hopefully , Shock will be better than this one , otherwise I 'm giving up on his books . -LRB- Amazon requires a star rating . I 'd rather not put even one star on this book . -RRB-
 I have read most of Robin Cook 's previous novels and was prepared to enjoy this one . The beginning grabed my interest but when he got his characters in to the center of the Earth it all goes to pieces . Lots of loose ends . If all they wanted a professional oceanographer why did they abduct the two divers ? It they were as advanced as infered , they should have been able to solve the problem on their own . The two divers were totally over the top . Their actions were not consistent with their situation . If I were a Navy Diver I would be offended by these two characters . Then there is the end ? The book does n't end . I kept looking for another chapter or at least a few more pages . So many unanswered questions . Robin Cook has done better .
 I was disappointed with this novel . It began like it was going to be a good story . The first 80 pages or so were very interesting , and although I felt the characters seemed somewhat one-dimensional , thought I had found a winner . But then the story turned into a combination of scenes from an old Outer Limits episode , `` The Probe , '' where survivors of an airplane crash in the ocean end up being decontaminated from viruses inside an alien spacecraft , then turned into a remake of a few low budget movies I remember from the 60 's or 70 's where the forerunners of Atlantis still exist in an undersea world , enslaving second class citizens and unfortunate top dwellers , and an idea from the Dune novels . Aside from the good start , there was nothing new about this story that has n't been told before.The dialog was weak , as well as the plastic , one-dimensional characters . Sailors just do n't speak or act the way the three former naval characters -LRB- two of them hard drinking ex-cons -RRB- spoke in the story . It seemed like the author was in a rush to get the manuscript to print , and the only editing it received was a quick run through a spell check . The story could have been told in half the number of pages , which would have left more room for story and character development . That 's very unfortunate , as it had the potential of being a great story . I also felt the author spent too much time narrating.The writer could have made two good novels out of this . One , a scientifically factual story about a mini-sub trapped in an undersea volcano , and the struggle to find a way out . The second could have elaborated into a fantasy about the `` Interterreans '' world and how the second-generation humans muck it up . But neither the story nor the characters ever fully developed . After 350 pages the story started to develop , then it abruptly ended . The ending , as well as most of the book , was predictable.On the plus side , it was very readable and fast paced ; not boring.This was my first Robin Cook novel . I was inspired to read it by his reputation of turning out good stories . I might try a few of his others , but I 'll get them at used bookstores . I wo n't plop down any money for another new novel by him .
 A poorly excecuted foray into the science-fiction genre for an accomplished thriller author . The premise of a highly-advanced undderworld civilization is something that exists only on the lunatic fringe of UFO believers , and the adolescent writing style only serves to discredit the author . Dr. Cook 's editor should find a new career after allowing this in print .
 My absolute awe at how poorly this book was written kept me with it through the bitter end . Having read all of Robin Cook 's other books I expected some kind of plot to evolve as the book continued . Cook has always had an easy flow to his dialogue , but in this book it is stilted and thick with ridiculous stereotypes . While I do n't discourage a foray into different genre ' , perhaps he could at least write with the same level of conviction he has in the past . I ca n't believe a good editor and/or publisher who supports the author would let this book go to press .
 I have read all Robin Cooks novels , and I was very dissappointed in his latest ABDUCTION . It was wise for it to come out in paperback . I am upset because I wasted the money on it , but glad I did not have to buy it in hardback -LRB- as I usually do -RRB- . I love Dr. Cooks medical knowledge and the novels he derives from this knowledge . Being in the medical profession I can readily relate to his books . Not so with this one . Just very dissappointed .
 This is a book that might even have had trouble being published in the 40 's , the heyday of space opera . The script would probably not have been accepted for a very bad episode of `` Star Trek . '' That is has been published at all , in any decade , is a mind-boggling tribute only to the venality of publishers who will count on a well-known name to sell any old drek . That any respectable writer would allow this donkey to go to print is inexplicable , save that he suspects he will never write another book so does n't care . The ` human ' characters are trite , shallow and stupid , the ` alien ' characters are idiotic , the plot - such as it is - is mind-numbingly predictable , the suspense and tension are zero . I give it one star for grammar and spelling . It deserves far less .
 But I hate sience fiction ! If you are looking for and expecting a typical Robin Cook medical mystery , you will be disapointed as I was .
 This book was terrible from beginning to end . I felt like a child was trying to tell me a story with how non descriptive it was . The only character that was of any interest was Suzanne and she was mediocre at best . I guess I wont get into details about the story in case anyone actually wants to read this but just so you know if you do n't like the story at the beginning it does n't get any better . I wish I could have the time back from reading this book . The ending actually pissed me off but atleast I borrowed it from the library instead of buying it .
 So not what I expected from Robin Cook . The premise was good , but it got boring in the middle and fizzled out completely by the end . It was a real disappointment from an author that I have come to rely on for good books .
 I started to read this book because I like Robin Cook 's novels ; but I gave up after 100 pages of unrelenting geological and diving jargon . Cook should stick to medical themes . This book is a huge disappointment .
 As I read this book I kept wondering if it could possibly be by the same Robin Cook whose thrillers had given me so much enjoyment in the past.If it was possible to give it less than one star I would have done . In a word simply dreadful.Word of advice to Mr Cook - stick to medical thrillers .
 Pehaps it is unfair of me to review this book , as I did not finish it . I expected another medical or science fiction thriller from the usually reliable Mr. Cook , and the initial chapters seemed to bear this out . But the deterioration into a silly and boring lost society/world is almost instantaneous . The other reviewers are right on the money , and I will not repeat their brief plot -LRB- if it can be dignified by that word -RRB- descriptions . If this is any reader 's introduction to Robin Cook , do n't be put off . Any of his other works are infinitely better . As for his old fans -LRB- and I am one -RRB- , do n't allow yourself to be deceived by the author 's name and reputation into purchasing this turkey . What can he have been thinking ?
 I thought that this book is the most disappointing of Cook 's collection . It was so bad I could n't finish it . The plot basically has a couple of people get captured by people who live in the Earth . They have the choice to go back to above ground or stay there . The values of these people are so messed up I could n't stand it . I promptly returned the book to the library after reading only about two hundred pages . Cook could have done better!For people who have only read this book by Robin Cook , do n't give up . His other books are much better .
 I 've read all of Robin Cook 's books and this is the only bad one in the lot . I did n't like his choice of characters , whom I thought all were taken straight out of a list of OBVIOUS STEREOTYPES . I hope Mr. Cook realizes his error and comes home with a medical thriller which we all know is his forte.His foray into Sci-Fi was not a success , maybe if this is what Mr. Cook wants to write , he should get some help from accomplished Sci-Fi writers .
 I find it really hard to believe that this book was even considered for printing . The premise is amateurish and the story so under developed that is borders on inept . The characters spend so much time being told by the Interterrans `` to be patient '' that I soon realize it is the author telling me `` to be patient ... please do not put down my book , I have a point '' . And yet , Cook does n't . He creates a Utopian world that we are supposed to embrace while despising our own ... but in the end , I only despise myself for wasting several hours that I will never get back . He leaves so much unexplored that it is maddening ... his heroes never ask the question that a sane person would ask nor do they do what a normal person would do given the same circumstances . Moreover , how is it possible that these Interterrans are so advanced and yet know so little about surface humans ... I mean these beautiful Morlocks live forever and yet all they can do is giggle like coy school girls at our `` primative behaviour '' . He then rushes through the climax to a totally unsatisfying conclusion as if he too , realizes his story is going no where so might as well but us out of our misery . Oh , and tell me how likely it is that the human species would evolve TWICE to be the same , let alone live in the Moho Discontinuity . Cook is a doctor for Pete 's sake , he should at least be fundamentally aware of the processes of natural selection . I tell you if this is what is to be considered publishable scifi ... I am giving up my day job and going back through all the stories I wrote as a kid ... I have one I would like to submit to Cook 's publishers on these monsters which have six heads and seven arms and live under my bed and ... well , you get the picture ? Is that a scathing enough review ? Save your money and sanity , read a better story called `` the Time Machine '' * grins *
 `` Abducted '' is airport material . If you 're just killing time waiting for your flight , this book is n't too bad , but it 's not all that good , either.The science is mostly poor , with a lot of naive mistakes . Physics , geology , and evolutionary biology all take a bit of a beating . For instance , early on , the characters ' mini-submarine dives uncontrollably because the water warms up to about 100 degrees , and -LRB- supposedly -RRB- warm water is much less dense than cold water . If you took physics 101 , though , you may remember that heating water -LRB- and most other materials -RRB- reduces its density by only a tiny amount . If you expect your science fiction to get the science right , you will find this sort of thing jarring.That would matter less if the characters and story were well-crafted , but they are n't . The characters are cliches
 I have picked up and read quite a few very bad books over the years . This one by Cook definitly cracks the top 40 worst books that I have worked my way through . The plot here surrounds the idea that their is this underworld civilization unknown to us . The story is kind of like Jules Verne redux . Only where it is interesting to read Verne and see how someone saw the future a hundred and twenty years ago , this is just bad thinking when it comes from someone today.I could go on . But why bother ? this book sucks so bad that its not worth the effort of thinking about it for another second .
 Let me summarize the story for you so you do n't waste time on this book . Five divers/scientists go deep into the Atlantic Ocean , and become abducted by another species of humans who live in a large air-filled cavity under the seas . The `` aliens '' are a happy people who abhor violence , and who transfer their souls from body to body to live forever . The `` aliens '' also have advanced technology which is difficult to explain -LRB- for example , why do they use lights to set up artificial days and nights ? -RRB- . Our ordinary human heroes want to escape . The ending is particularly ridiculous , and comes across as Dr Cook ran out of time to think of how to wrap up this crazy story .
 Readers who have enjoyed Robin Cook 's medical thrillers will be disappointed by this book . The setting updates a tired science fiction idea -- an inhabited world miles under the surface of the Earth -- without adding much of interest . The characters are not very sympathetic , and the ending is essentially a joke . One hopes that Cook will go back to biomedical themes , and that publishers will not print everything a famous writer puts out .
 When a crew of oceanographers receive a mysterious transmission , they are led to a discovery beyond all imagination ... a world far beneath the ocean 's surface.Amazed with their finding , the crew is quick to make friends with the undersea people , and adapt to the customs of this civilization -LRB- including making love ; which consists of hand cream and hand touching , and never having to work since each person has a work clone -RRB- . The crew believes what they learn will change what we know on earth ... but at what price?What is this , you ask ? The latest thriller from bestselling MEDICAL THRILLER author , Robin Cook . `` Abduction '' is a straight to paperback original novel , and easily one of the silliest book 's of the year.I am still shocked that this book is written by Robin Cook ! I have been a fan of Mr. Cook 's previous novels , and this book is a serious disappointment . It seems MANY authors are trying to broaden the scope of their writing , unfortunately , they are NOT succeeding . PLEASE go back to writing medical thrillers.The book earned one star because the first couple of chapters were interesting , other than that it is totally un-readable . Avoid this book , and wait for his next hardcover!Nick Gonnella
 This is the first Robin Cook book I 've ever read -LRB- listened to , really -RRB- . I know he 's better known for his medical stories and based on this `` science fiction '' story , he should get back to his forte . This book is poor on every count . All the characters are idiots . If they were n't , the story could n't have been written at all . Somehow the 5 main characters have made it through their lives with reading a single science fiction book , watching a single science fiction movie or TV show , or even knowing anyone who has . Otherwise they would have seen every trite plot point coming 50 pages away . There is n't a single original thought in the entire book . Really , I mean it . And then , in the middle of this amazingly juvenile book , he drops random polysyllabic words as though to say , `` see , I have n't lost my perspicacity ! `` Based on his reputation , I 'm sure some of his books are great . Too bad this is n't one of them .
 This is one of the worst books I have ever read . The characters are annoying and so very stupid . This seems as if it was written for 4th graders.Do not , under any circumstance , buy , read or listen to this garbage . What a waste of time !
 I am an avid reader of Robin Cook 's novels . They are the type that you do not want to `` let go '' . Abduction , however , is a departure from his medical thrillers and a very poor one at that . If you have never read a book by Robin Cook , do not start with this one ! Any of his other books is much better . If you have read some of his books , be prepared for a disappointment .
 Having never read a Robin Cook novel before , I got sucked in by all the blurbs touting him as a `` master of medical fictions '' . Wow , talk about false advertising ! This is 3rd rate science fiction , as written by the Boy in the Bubble . The characters , and I use the term loosely , act and speak like no human beings I 've ever met . To use the description `` cartoonish '' would be an insult to cartoon dialogue writers everywhere . If this were a movie , it would be perfect MST3K grist . But , sadly , it 's just a bad book that killed two evenings -LRB- and a few brain cells -RRB- for me . Thank God I borrowed this from someone , and did n't actually pay for it ...
 I 've read science fiction before so I know about needing to suspend disbelief while reading a story , but this one is absurd . The crew of a submersible and the 2 divers enter the secret world of Interra which exists between the upper & lower oceans of the earth . The Interreans seem advanced , but display some disturbing traits . There is a separate race of creatures which are half human-half machine who do all their work , while the Interreans mostly play . The crew & divers want to return to the surface , but the Interreans do n't want people on the surface learning about Interra.This story is clearly a rewriting of The Hollow Earth by Raymond Bernard from 1976 , which was also unbelievable .
 As a long time science fiction fan , I found the book poorly written and dreadfully predictable . Cook uses a condescending , didactic style that is clearly oblivious to several generations of development of the genre . -LRB- It openly acknowledges the influence of Jules Verne , and is reminiscent of Edgar Rice Burroughs and Lin Carter in places ... which would be fine if it were 1936 . -RRB- Further , I was completely appalled with the occasional gaffes in basic physics . -LRB- `` Supersonic '' trains in a vacuum tunnel ?!? OK , that 's probably not how he meant it , but it 's what he WROTE . -RRB- Run , do n't walk away from this one . Back to the medical thrillers , doc .
 As a sci-fi short story , this might have worked -- it even has a twilight-zonish ending . But as a full-length novel , it was a big disappointment . I have read every other book by Robin Cook and this was the first one I did not like . Hopefully it will be the last such bomb.There is n't any real horror in this novel -- unless you consider boredom to be a form of torture . The plot is a hackneyed new-age mish-mash of Brave New World , Journey to the Center of the Earth , and the Time Machine -LRB- only this time , the good guys went underground , er , undersea . -RRB- The characters are shallow and the `` science '' is utterly ridiculous -- how many times can you say , in essence , `` This is so far advanced it 's way beyond me ... '' ? Then there 's the lack of good descriptive prose . In Cook 's previous books , we can get inside the characters ' heads and really FEEL what they are going through . In this book , the plot is carried forward through preachy dialogue and `` orientations '' that drove me up the wall . Every good science fiction writer knows that the Absolute WORST way to explain things in an alternate world is to have some scientist or tour guide give a lecture.PLEASE , please , Dr. Cook -- go back to writing medical horror !
 I would n't ordinarily bother writing a review that echoes what all the other readers have said about this ghastly effort , but I used to be a big Robin Cook fan . He 's never been a great writer and my husband and I used to laugh at the pouty-lipped , short-statured , big breasted heroine of every novel , always the youngest to graduate from her medical school , with all honors . Also , it 's irritating that every reference he makes to a black person is always `` African-American '' no matter how often the reference has to be stated , and those people are always painfully articulate and noble -LRB- and cardboard -RRB- . Anyway , this crummy book -- I got saddled with the audio version read by Dick Hill -LRB- probably an alias -RRB- when I joined Jiggerbug.com and could n't find anything else remotely interesting - is SO BAD it 's almost great . I mean , Ed Wood 's `` Plan Nine From Outer Space '' bad . Since the publication date is 2000 , I have to guess that Cook wrote this when he was 13 years old and dragged it out to meet a deadline . Jeez ! He could n't have at least punched it up a little ? The sci-fi is * so * tired * and hackneyed , I kept waiting for one of the females beauty queens of the underworld to pant `` What is ... kiss ? '' -LRB- a la `` Forbidden Planet '' , kids -RRB- to one of the moronic diver strongmen . The hot babe in the lead is taller than most of Cook 's earlier books , but the leading man is such a shlub that no one could believe he 's an engineer who built a scientific empire . At least , * I * ca n't .
 After forcing myself to finish this torturously ridiculous book -LRB- being the last of my beach reading supplies -RRB- , I wanted to call up Dr Cook and demand a refund of the hours of my life . Which I 'd seriously consider donating to Jerry Springer , with my sincerest apologies ...
 Let me try to bullet point the other reviews . * This is science fiction -- not Cook 's typical Medical thrillers * It would actually make a much better short story . -LRB- Atlantis Lives -RRB- It could be told very well in about 75 pages or a hour long TV show * The characters are fairly flat and one dimensional . * The plot , while not bad , is reminiscent of a 1950s twightlight zone , or 60s Star Trek episode . Its very straightforward and you can see where its going . * The ending twist was one I did n't find that amusing -- again , a decent short story conclusion , but not enough for a full novel.Saying that , the book is n't * that * bad . I think some reviewers might have been expecting something more in the lines of Cook 's other works . I would give it a little more than 2 stars , but given the lenght it 's closer to 2 than 3 .
 Occasionally young authors find that even though their first few novels are rejected by publishers , after they become famous the publishers are willing to publish almost anything . However , sometimes the early efforts are not publishable regardless of the author 's name . This book was published after Robin Cook was quite famous , but went straight to paperback.This is definitely not a `` Robin Cook '' medical thriller , but rather a poorly written science fiction story with an utopian society with open marriages reminiscent of sci fi from the 1950s and explanations of the Alantis Myth , the Gulf Stream , and myriad others topics `` unknown to scientists . `` If you love Robin Cook , and I do , pick a different book .
 for the past 15 -LRB- at least years -RRB- i have listened to any number of audio cds and tapes -LRB- from Nancy Drew quality to higher -RRB- while i have been engaged in renovating an old house -- this is the first CD that i have put back in it 's packaging to send off to the goodwill , unlistening to in it 's entirity ----- it is poorly written , as if it has been composed by a half-drunk in the 1950s who is stuck in some sexist/unimmaginative time-warp - = --
 Perry Bergman , founder , president and largest shareholder of Benthic Marine is on its way on board the Benthic Explorer near the volcanically and seismically active Mid-Atlantic Ridge . Using the submarine Oceanus , the crew is working on their current project
 Perhaps I 'm not the ideal person to be reviewing this book as I 've never read sci-fi stuff but , as I picked this up , thinking it was another of Dr.Cook 's medical murder mysteries and found myself in another world . . one underwater and the precursor to Atlantis , peopled by incredibly beautiful , ageless people , I could n't help but be taken back to Saturday afternoon matinees at the Progress theatre.It read almost exactly like a Buck Rogers adventure and all it needed was an appearance by Ming the Merciless !! A beautiful marine biologist -LRB- and when are n't they beautiful ? -RRB- is with an undersea exploration party when they are drawn into a deep fissure in an undersea mountain and their mini submarine is taken to a different world by means of water tight caverns . Ye gods . . enough said !!!
 If you like Robin Cook , do n't read Abduction . Personally , I wish I could get the money back I spent on the book . It 's Saturday-morning cartoon-ish . Mr. Cook 's other books are believable . This one is childish . Mr. Cook -- please bring back more books like Chromosome 6 . That one had everything -- plot , a touch of believability , good characters , and suspense . It was pure enjoyment .
 This book is a work of science fiction , about people who find a world under the sea inhabited by an advanced species of humans.This is certainly not the best work by this author . I have read many of his works and they are mostly related to the medical-investigative field and much more realistic . This book deals too much in the fiction world and it is hard to accept the story . However , I did find the ending to be orginal and totally unprepared !
 I usually pick up subsequent books by familiar authors , because I 'm in the mood for a particular type of story . When I started this book , I thought this must be some other `` Robin Cook . '' That 's why I came to amazon.com to read a review . After 100 pages , I think I 'll abandon it -LRB- which I rarely do to a book -RRB- & give it away . I have plenty more `` real '' Robin Cook books on my shelf to read . If I want GOOD sci-fi I have those , too .
 This was the first and probably last Robin Cook novel for me . I was disappointed after hearing so many positive comments on his medical thrillers . The `` fantasy world under the sea '' science fiction in this book lacked several components , including plausibility and interesting dialogue . Many comic book heros have more dimensions than the stock , predictable characters in this novel . A plot twist in the last pages is the only original idea in the otherwise stale material .
 Ok ... I 'm still shocked that Robin Cook wrote this . Are they SURE that this was n't written by some wannabe Micheal Crichton ? The only elements of a traditional Robin Cook novel -LRB- Sphinx and The Year of the Intern nonwithstanding -RRB- are the brief references to microbes -LRB- although I think that Robin Cook made the mistaken assumption that decontaminating someone externally decontaminates them completely -RRB- . The rest of the book reads like a poorly written Micheal Crichton novel -LRB- including an ending almost identical to Timeline -RRB- , and nothing like I expected . So why did I give it 2 stars instead of 1 ? If nothing else , its a good read if you have nothing else handy . As far as Robin Cook novels go , this one goes squarely at the bottom -LRB- w/Vector at the top -RRB- and I do not recommend it , but you could do worse .
 Having read almost all of Robin Cook 's books to date , I sat down Saturday afternoon ready to be involved in a medical thriller . What I found instead was a novel with poorly developed characters and a totally predictable story line . I even went back and checked the title page to be sure this was n't a reprint of a very early book by this author . Unfortunately that is not the case . The main actors in the story are superficial and one dimensional . Unlike older Robin Cook novels , none of these characters seems to have existed before the story began and the reader is really not sorry to see them go . The premise of a civilization existing under the earth could surely be presented in a more believeable way given today 's technology . This book is a disappointment from start to finish .
 Well , I really wish I could say something pleasant about this novel but I 'm as lost for words as Cook apparently was when he wrote the book . I ca n't recall the last time I 've read an entire novel where I did not encounter a single new word -- new to my vocabulary , that is . Not that I buy novels to increase my vocabulary , but as I read this novel , that `` peculiarity '' stuck in my mind . The character development was atrocious , and the plot was so old and tired that even Cook seemed to give up toward the end and just shut his effort down with one of the most truncated endings I recall ever reading . I read the whole thing but would encourage other readers to avoid my mistake . Ouch !
 THIS BOOK IS REALLY TERRIBLE . ROBIN COOK USED TO WRITE A GREAT MEDICAL THRILLER ... WHAT HAPPENED ? AUTHORS SHOULD NOT GET NEW BOOKS PUBLISHED BASED ON THEIR PAST BOOKS . THIS IS ONE FOR THE DUMPSTER !! THIS BOOK WAS BORING , START TO FINISH . I CA N'T BELIEVE I STUCK IT OUT .
 Like all of the other reviews I had a hard time beliving it was Robin Cook . I have read all of his and I kept waiting for something Cook-ish to come . It never came . Not one doctor -LRB- at least not any medical doctors -RRB- not one nurse not one hospital . It was his worst yet .
 I thought that this book is the most disappointing of Cook 's collection . It was so bad I could n't finish it . The plot basically has a couple of people get captured by people who live in the Earth . They have the choice to go back to above ground or stay there . The values of these people are so messed up I could n't stand it . I promptly returned the book to the library after reading only about two hundred pages . Cook could have done better !
 I have read every single book Robin Cook has written , so I was eagerly anticipating this new novel . Unfortunately , as soon as I read the first chapter I realized that this book was not like the others . It involved no medical knowledge whatsoever and was entirely science-fiction . I have to say that I am very dissapointed with this book , but his new book , Shock , coming out in March 2001 looks a lot more promising .
 As an avid Robin Cook fan , I was sorely disappointed in this book . I loved his others , so , naturally , when I saw that he 'd written a new one , I was thrilled . It started out well , but then it just went downhill . I was surprised he went so far into the fiction ring . I mean , the others were at least plausible , but this one was just too out there . I think Mr. Cook should stick to what he knows and that is medicine .
 The book started off on the right foot . However , after about 80 pages , the book changes tone completely . I expected much more from Cook , but got the book Abduction . The Sci-Fi-ness of the book definitely belongs on one of those TV channels , but this is definitely not something you 'd expect from Robin Cook . Do n't let this ruin your impression of him .
 Good Lord this was a stinker . Poorly conceived , clumsily executed , this book is stocked with the most generic group of explorers and aliens ever assembled . There 's the Earnest Blonde , the Deep-Voiced Samuel Jackson Rip-Off , the Thuggish Navy Seals ... And as for the Atlanteans , not since ` Santa Claus Conquers the Martians ' has there been such an inept portrayal of an alien race . And on top of that , the dialogue is stilted , and the narration reads like it 's been translated from a foreign language . But the saddest thing of all is that for all the fantastic setting and exotic background , the ` wonders ' that await us in this undersea world are stunningly banal . It 's all been done before with so much more ingenuity and class , that one is tempted to suspect that this Brand New Robin Cook Novel is actually a Very Very Old Robin Cook Novel ; something he penned when ` The Man From Atlantis ' was all the rage , and dusted off after watching Michael Crichton 's ` Sphere . '
 What a stinker . Having read many of Robin Cook 's previous medical mystery novels , I felt suckered after I bought and read this one . It is a sci-fi attempt by an author way out of his genre . This stuff has all been done before by real sci-fi writers , and Dr. Cook 's attempt comes out at the level a 6th grader might enjoy . When I buy Tom Clancy , I do n't expect poetry . When I buy Robin Cook , I do n't expect a preachy Greenpeace advertisement . Dr. Cook , return to the operating room , STAT !
 this book begins slowly , but i gave it a chance , since mr cook has written some very good books in the past . it did start to pick up after a bit , but then bogged down again . i gave up after about 250 pages .
 This was the disappointment of my lifetime ! Ok , that 's a little harsh , but this was , without a doubt , the worst novel written by the master of medical thrillers . It 's not a medical thriller , by the way . Issac Asimov comes to mind . I could n't even develop a liking to any of the characters of this book . I am convinced that someone made a mistake when crediting the author of this novel . My 15-year old daughter could have done a better job . Mr. Cook , forget this silliness . I am afraid I will never purchase another one of your novels . Many say the ending was shallow , but I say the entire movel was . Please return to your proper genre . I wasted too much time and money . I almost threw it away , but was sure there 'd be a twist that would get this novel on the right track . It never happened
 If you like Robin Cook , do n't read Abduction . Personally , I wish I could get the money back I spent on the book . It 's Saturday-morning cartoon-ish . Mr. Cook 's other books are believable . This one is childish . Mr. Cook -- please bring back more books like Chromosome 6 . That one had everything -- plot , a touch of believability , good characters , and suspense . It was pure enjoyment .
 While most of the negative reviews of this book focus on the fact that it is not the `` normal '' Robin Cook , I think it was great to see a change in focus from the medical thriller to sci-fi . I agree with the review that stated Robin Cook 's novels were starting to all sound alike . The problem I had with Abduction was with the overall writing and character development , or should I say lack thereof . If the Interrans were so `` advanced '' why did they giggle so much ? Why were Richard and Michael so immature ? Why was it so easy for the Americans to escape ? For those that are looking to find the typical Robin Cook novel , do n't buy this one . For those that are looking for a well developed sci-fi novel , do n't buy this one .
 I have not read anything so juvenile for many years . Some of the childrens literature that I read while working for the School Library was far superior to this drivel . It reminded me of an attempt at Science Fiction by a 7th grader . As he points out , himself , in the book , it has already been done and much better by Arthur Conan Doyle and Jules Verne .
 I , too , have read all of Robin Cook 's books and always look forward to each new book with great anticipation . I was so very disappointed in this book . Reviewers like Chuck Hickey might put me in the `` It 's not Mr. Cooks typical medical thriller so I do n't like it '' box , but that is not true . One of his early works , `` Sphinx '' was not a medical thriller , and I loved that book . The problem with this book was that it was very boring , not suspenseful , and definintely NOT a thriller like his previous books . The only reason I kept reading was I was sure it would get better , but it never did . The ending was a horrible dispappointment ! I wasted my money and time on this book !
 Should be called `` How To Use the Terms Vis-a-Vis and Apropos as Much as Possible '' . This is the worst book I 've ever read . There are inconsistencies on every page . Character dialog is horrid and unrealistic . Gets one star because of a mildly funny scene involving a game of fetch . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 After being given a stack of used books to read , the first one I pulled out of the box was Abduction . I 'd never read a robin cook before , though being familiar with him , was expecting a medical mystery . Not this book.This one has nothing to do with medical genre , but is more related to the function of the earth 's various crusts , mantles and plates , and the spaces between them ... and the created world of interterra where some very bizarre `` people '' live.The story is about an undersea drilling team which gets swept into the land of interterra , which exists in pockets between various gaps in the crust of the earth . The society is a very sanitary , starchy , almost hospital like place to live , with incredible technology . Maybe this is where the medical part comes in because of the massively sterile type of environment.There is so much homophobia and blatant macho man attitude displayed by two of the main characters that it almost becomes distracting to the plot of the book . Speaking of plot , I 'm not really sure what the point of the book was other than to introduce a possible civilization living beneath us , and how they have supposedly evolved technologically but repressed anything competitive or physically harmful from their lifestyle.Procreation is genetic engineering in a laboratory ... nothing really new there compared to other sci-fi novels , other than in this case , memories and personalities of those who choose to die , move on to the next body they inhabit . Interesting commentary I suppose on being able to decide when your physical body dies , because you know you 're going to just move on to another body.The ending left me sadly disappointed as a reader . There was little to no resolution of major plot lines in the book , it was almost as if we had so much to resolve or explain , let 's just end it before anyone notices.One of the major open holes was the role of the `` servant '' race in the book , and the world they lived in . There were so many references to the under-under society , but then nothing about them.I have a stack of more Robin Cook , and I 'm hoping that if I get back to the medical genre , I 'll find them more enjoyable .
 This book is an example of a failed experiment that probably would not have sold except for its having been written by an already commercially successful writer . Once a writer is a success , the publishers stop requiring good editing , which is what this book needs.The story interested me enough that I finished the book , but only to find out if anything interesting would happen to the characters , and if they would ever grow from their experiences . Plenty of things happened to the characters ; few of those things were interesting , mainly because the characters are one dimensional paper dolls dressed up like fictional cliches.The characters include a couple of low-life , crude , violent bubbas , a pretty female scientist , a hard-edged military man , and a corporate president . No matter what happens to them , they stay in their designated roles with little emotional response and no character growth despite their traumatic experiences . The corporate president is a oddly out of place , with the literary voice of an insecure adolescent . He judges people by whether their teeth are as white as his own , for gosh sakes ! I found him completely devoid of credibility , not in the sense of a shrewd but distrustful executive , but in the sense that I was unable to buy the premise that a man of his limited intellect , beset with so many inner misgivings , could have succeeded as head of the school lunch committee , not to mention a global drilling operation.When this group is sucked under the bed of the ocean into what appears to be a peace and love Utopia , they run around wreaking their normal havoc and staying true to their flat character traits until the ending , during which I thought , for a moment , that I would be reading a remake of the appearance of the buried Statue of Liberty at the end of Planet of the Apes.Suspending practicality and belief long enough to enjoy a fantasy is a fine and honorable pleasure , but only if the characters have enough passion to connect the writer to the experience . Sorry , that never happens here . When I reached the end , I felt I had wasted my time reading this book . I find it sad that the commercial aspect of publishing requires good writers to pump out lame work in the interest of sales.If you want to read a good book about people venturing into the center of the earth , read H. G. Wells ' The Time Machine , which is actually given a nod within Cook 's Abduction .
 This book is terrible . A plot line driven mainly by homophobia , underground humans cleverly named `` interrans , '' unflinching use of exclamation points , and absolutely no character development at all makes for one of the worst reads EVER . The only reason I finished was that I kept thinking
 Like most of the reviewers , I bought this one largely because of Robin Cook 's name -LRB- I really enjoyed `` Chromosome 6 '' , for example -RRB- . Apparently , this is the first time this book has been in print ; after reading it , I can see why.The book starts off with a great premise , and has some good action scenes . But almost immediately it begins falling apart at the seams
 You probably already know the Atlantis style plot line . Many reviewers have said `` Is this really Cook ? '' and virtually all reviewers slammed the book . Why ? Because it 's awful , that 's why.This book is a perfect example that proves the Clancy 's , the Cook 's , the King 's and the Grisham 's can put pen to paper and sell * anything * . There is NO WAY this book gets published with any name other than a `` super author '' . The dialog is elementary schoolish , the plot telegraphed miles ahead , character development is weak to non-existant . If this is the first Robin Cook book you 'd ever read , you 'd probably never read another -LRB- a mistake , in my opinion -RRB- . An interesting experiment ? I do n't know about that . A `` statement '' about today 's society ? Nope , it 's not even close to being that `` deep '' . It 's just plain bad writing . A worthy experiment in proving that an author with a name like Robin Cook could sell blank pages , and that 's about it . To tell you the truth , I think I 'd rather read a blank book than endure `` Abduction '' again . Buy it , read it , you wo n't believe just how bad it is , nor how many copies it sells .
 The first third of the book is the best portion of the book , although it 's a copy of the numerous meaningless thrillers that throng the market . The rest is an exercise for the reader 's patience and perseverance . I completed it because I was travelling on train and had nothing to do for twenty two hours . The plot idea is good -LRB- two stars are given for that , eventhough the idea of immortal life is a take from Amitav Ghosh 's The Calcutta Chromosomes -RRB- , but the execution is very juvenile and for the last third of the book the author simply lost interest , how do you expect the reader to sustain it ?
 The first few chapters of this book piqued my interest , until the crew of the submersible end up in Interterra . The inhabitants of this world are not believable at all . The last few chapters grew very tiresome , a chore to finish . Stick to medical thrillers , Mr. Cook !
 I am a Robin Cook fan , so when I bought his latest I was expecting a medical thriller . What I got was a science fiction book that was confusing and hard to follow . The only reason I finished it was to find out if the `` second generation humans '' were able to escape or used for some other purpose.I hope this was only an experiement for Mr Cook and he will go back to his usual forte for his next novel .
 I can not remember reading a book as bad as this in a long , long time . I have read all of Robin Cook 's books and this one does not fit the typical novel of his . As the `` master of the medical thriller '' I would have expected more from him . This book was an attempt at branching off into science fiction . He should stay with science fact . Every page was loaded with `` he said '' , `` she said '' and it quickly became redundant . I hope in the future Robin Cook sticks with the medical thrillers and leaves the science fiction to the real science fiction writers .
 This book is nothing but a bundle of the writer 's most outrageous `` What ifs '' with barely a sprinkling of a plot . We care nothing for the characters , and find ourselves wondering whatever happens to things the writer hints at at the start of the book , like a romance between Perry and Suzanne , or a deeper understanding of the worker-clones . Altogether bizarre and childish , with an extremely poor ending . Stick to the medical thrillers , Mr. Cook .
 I am a Cook fan and have loved his medical thrillers , so I eagerly bought Abduction while waiting for a long flight . It was a big let-down . I thought the topic of an Atlantis type world might be interesting , but the story turned out to be weak and the writing definitely not up to Robin Cook 's normal standard . In fact , it was as if someone else had written this book under his name . The accounts of continual orgies were in my opinion in bad taste , the characters not believable , and the whole effect rather disappointing.Don ' t let this put you off his other books though . They are usually well worth the read .
 This book was such a disappointment and not at all like Robbin 's previous books . The story starts out fairly interesting and keeps you guessing what they are going to find by drilling into the earths core . A team of people get into a submarine to explore the findings and find themselves suck into a hole . Not bad up to this point but then you discover they were captured by aliens and the whole story goes down hill . I almost put the book down right there an then . But I thought it might get better . Trust me it does n't . I still wonder who really wrote this book because it was not even close to the quality of writing Robbin normally creates . So will the real Robbin Cook please stand up .
 This is a poor attempt by Robin Cook to stray away from his typical medical thriller and try his luck at a Michael Crichton wannabe book but falls short.The subject has already been used before but nevertheless it is an easy read . But I think I might have read this book before I think it was called `` The Abyss ''
 I must say that I 've never read a Robin Cook novel before this one , and I was n't about to before I found that this was the only book at work one day when there was nothing to do.Robin Cook 's credentials on the back cover were impressive , and I looked forward to a Michael Chrichton-esque novel thoroughly grounded in science fact . What I got was a poor imitation of a Jules Verne story with many loose ends and flismy characters -LRB- caricatures , really -RRB- that was agonizing to read . Once I start something , I must finish it , and Abduction was one of those times when I wished I did n't have that conviction.I know that I should n't expect much from pulp fiction , but this book was very poor . Cook makes a mild pass at research , familiarizing himself with a handful of oceanographic and nautical terms , and his vaunted medical knowledge makes two cameo appearences . Blink and you 'll miss them , they have nothing to do with the overall story . The characters are so blandly one-dimensional that they become irritating . By page 150 , I was cheering for the protagonists to meet a gruesome end . The dialogue is dreadfully repetitive , and there are so many loose ends that it would take another fifty pages to resolve them all . Thank god that there are n't any pages though.Cook 's -LRB- or his editor 's -RRB- mastery of english is also called into question , as there are several instances where Cook prints one word where he clearly needed to use a homonym -LRB- I ca n't recall a specific one now , but read the book and they 'll slap you in the face -RRB- . Big , big thumbs down from me .
 This book is appallingly bad . The plot , such as it is , is risible . The characters are cardboard . The dialogue is excruciating . The scientific accuracy is lacking . The writing is terrible.Even worse , editing and proofing are absent . Proofing would have picked up on the use of ` base ' for musical bass , or ` foolhearty ' for foolhardy in my US mass paperback edition of November 2000 . Or the incomplete sentences with missing words . -LRB- Despite waving the title ` Dr ' around a lot , the author does n't appear to be particularly literate . -RRB- Any editor would have rejected this from a slushpile.Worst of all , the lazy throwaway ending to the book is a lame reference to the author having been to Harvard . It 's presumably a joke - andthe joke is on the reader who has gotten that far . It is tempting to make comparisons with Michael Crichton 's ` Sphere ' - the worst of Crichton 's books that I 've yet read , also set undersea - but Sphere was , for all its faults , far better written.Jeffrey Archer writes better than this . Heck , L. Ron Hubbard has written better stuff than this . And he was probably dead at the time.I will never read another Robin Cook novel . I urge you to do the same .
 Having read all of Robin Cooks books , I 'm used to medical thrillers with good story lines and well develeped characters that make sense . None of that is here . It 's an interesting idea very poorly executed . It 's as if the author really did n't care.This book was painfull to read , avoid it at all costs .
 Anyone who gives this book a good review is lying and simply wants you to suffer as they did for having to read this horrible book . I have always been a huge Robin Cook fan , I love his medical thrillers . They are good , entertaining reads that leave you thinking . I am also a huge fan of Sci-fi and this book is some of the worst sci-fi ever written . The characters are so bad that to call them one dimensional would be to big a compliment . The actually story had some potential but it became so trite and superficial you simply did n't care what happened to any of these people . A noble idea that fell flat on it face is the best way to sum up this book . A much better story is Orson Scott Cards book `` The Abyss '' Now that is a fantastic book , far better then the movie with really interesting characters . Bottom line , do n't waste your time with this book . If you are interested in a non-medical book by Mr. Cook , check out Sphinx . That was a great story !
 I am an avid Robin Cook fan and found this book to be a great disappointment . Getting past the fact it was not a medical thriller , it just was n't well written . The plot was thin , the characters never developed to the point the reader wanted to be involved with them and the ending fell flat.I agree with other reviewers , Mr. Cook please return to the medical suspense thrillers you are so skilled at !
 While most of the negative reviews of this book focus on the fact that it is not the `` normal '' Robin Cook , I think it was great to see a change in focus from the medical thriller to sci-fi . I agree with the review that stated Robin Cook 's novels were starting to all sound alike . The problem I had with Abduction was with the overall writing and character development , or should I say lack thereof . If the Interrans were so `` advanced '' why did they giggle so much ? Why were Richard and Michael so immature ? Why was it so easy for the Americans to escape ? For those that are looking to find the typical Robin Cook novel , do n't buy this one . For those that are looking for a well developed sci-fi novel , do n't buy this one .
 I have not read anything so juvenile for many years . Some of the childrens literature that I read while working for the School Library was far superior to this drivel . It reminded me of an attempt at Science Fiction by a 7th grader . As he points out , himself , in the book , it has already been done and much better by Arthur Conan Doyle and Jules Verne .
 I , too , have read all of Robin Cook 's books and always look forward to each new book with great anticipation . I was so very disappointed in this book . Reviewers like Chuck Hickey might put me in the `` It 's not Mr. Cooks typical medical thriller so I do n't like it '' box , but that is not true . One of his early works , `` Sphinx '' was not a medical thriller , and I loved that book . The problem with this book was that it was very boring , not suspenseful , and definintely NOT a thriller like his previous books . The only reason I kept reading was I was sure it would get better , but it never did . The ending was a horrible dispappointment ! I wasted my money and time on this book !
 Should be called `` How To Use the Terms Vis-a-Vis and Apropos as Much as Possible '' . This is the worst book I 've ever read . There are inconsistencies on every page . Character dialog is horrid and unrealistic . Gets one star because of a mildly funny scene involving a game of fetch . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 I am an avid reader of Dr. Cook . I have read evert book he has written and was extreemly disappointed with this book . The plot was lame and the ending unsatisying . While I did finish the book , when I did I felt that I had wasted my time.I suggest that Dr. Cook stay with what he does best , medical plots and stories and leave the deep sea to better authors such as Jules Verne .
 Everything my fellow reviewers have said about this book is true . It is the first -LRB- since Coma -RRB- Robin Cook I 've read . I read it because I thought he has been at the business of writing for so long , he has to have gotten good at it . And the premise sounded interesting -LRB- not shockingly new , mind you ... but interesting -RRB- . I nearly got out my red pen and went after several passages . There are several howlers ... all unintentional.The characters ARE irritating and their actions make NO sense . BUT I give this two stars -LRB- instead of one or a half -RRB- because the plot DID keep me reading until the end . Now that must be worth something!So style is absent . So the characters are ludicrous . So we saw this society in Brave New World and ninety-leven 70 's SF movies and 50 's SF novels ... there is still a spark of something new -- albeit a small one . So IF you find yourself on an island , you COULD be stranded with worse . If you have nothing to read at present ... believe me you could do worse .
 This book was a disappointment . It 's great that Robin Cook is trying out a new genre , but the book reads like a corny old Star Trek episode or a bad made-for-tv movie . Please , Dr. Cook , go back to your medical thrillers !!!
 I 'm only writing because I simply ca n't believe that anyone considers Robin Cook 's latest attempt at mass hallucination to be `` enjoyable . '' Maybe those people define `` enjoyable '' the way the Marquis de Sade did ... I 'm going to go out on a limb here and suggest that if you 've read at least ten books before you got suckered into reading Abduction , you could n't possibly have enjoyed it . I only finished it because I could n't believe it could stay that bad . Cook surprised me by managing to make it stink right to the end . As Opus the Penguin once said of a movie
 Being a science fiction fan -LRB- versus medical fiction fan -RRB- , I found the first part of the book interesting and exciting , albeit some of the character development was weak . The second part of the book turned into a bad episode of Star Trek or a reminder of `` Amazon Women on Mars '' with an ending that was put together at the 57th minute of the 1 hour show .
 We need more of a Medical Thriller than inter-gallactic sci-fi ...
 The only reason I gave this book two stars is cos ' atleast Mr. Cook tried his hand at a different subject . Other than that , there is hardly anything in the book that would deserve even one star . The chracters are not only predictable , they are downright irritating ! After a promise of some fancy stuff , we get a load of the funny first generation humans who hardly seem human atall . The book reminds you off those Hollywood sci-fi movies which were mada in the seventies , that two the worst ones of the period . Even the dresses they wear are similar . The initial plot is very much similar to a book by Michael Chriton . The story is about these five humans who land up in a surreal world located inside the Earth . As the rest of the story unfolds , you realize that you can guess almost every next thing thats about to happen on the next page . In short , this book is not even for the hardcore Robin Cook fan simply because the plot line is alien to any of the other works by the same author.Please Mr. Cook , if you have to do different stuff , please give more meat and depth to your characters . Do n't make them Robots .
 This is not a normal Robin Cook medical thriller . It 's a fast read and not too deep . The premise is similar to Abyss , but without Abyss ' excitement .
 Every once in a while a successful writer comes out with a book that encompasses his life 's work and philisophy . I hope this is n't Robin 's . I certainly hope he did n't spend years writing it . I kept looking for meaning . Once in a while I would think that I had found some and instantly I would realize I was so wrong and I would laugh . OK , so I did laugh . It was worth -LSB- the money -RSB- for the laughs . But then perhaps the laugh was on me . I bought the book and I read it -- every page -- even though it was really awful . Robin , if only for me , go back to the books I love to read . Judy Parsons
 Cook should stick to his area of expertise - Medicine in his books . This science fiction adventure lacks the deep analysis & understanding of a theme that makes his medical thrillers so interesting .
 This novel begins and ends like a first-rate marine adventure , but the 90 percent in between is n't much worth the time it takes to read . The principals are abducted into a Utopian undersea society , at which point the story becomes a plagiarism of Aldous Huxley 's classic 1932 novel `` Brave New World '' . I 'd advise reading the Huxley and skipping this one !!
 It took me a while to get into this book , maybe 80 pages or so . The story picked up and held my attention and then bam ! ... it switches off to something or someone else before I even knew what hit me . There really are some excellent sections of this book but they just did n't last long enough , bringing great disappointment . This book wo n't get recommended to my large group of reading friends .
 The beginning of THE STRAW MEN opens with an intriguing mix of events
 I really liked the idea of this book , and it is much better written than the average , so much that I think it leans more toward Stephen King than Lee Childs . However , like a Jack Reacher novel from Lee Childs , it 's a mild mystery with a lot of action and exploration of interesting circumstances . The plot itself becomes apparent after the first third of the book , at which point it detours from X-Files/Stephen King supernatural scariness into the more literal fiction of Lee Childs , where a social phenomena is made into a tangible , shadowy , micro-conspiracy that then needs destruction by brave heroes . Like many books , the last third is where the author loses his nerve and gets too linear in his writing and also too vague , as he tries to massage together loose ends . I really enjoyed the first half of this book , but found the conspiracy of an overdone archetype , and finished reading without any real sense of mystery .
 This is a good debut novel by the writer and will satisfy the reader if one is willing to overlook certain issues that were noticed by this reader . The character development leaves much to be deired as the featured members in this novel seem to lack depth . The story is a good one with the writer crafting three stories that seem to be divergent into one as this story develops . Unfortunately , the stories do not converge into a solid story until one has completed nearly one fourth of this book and makes for a somewhat confusing and tedious read . The story finally does take off into a good read for the second and third quarter of the work . When the writer brings everything together in the last fourth of the work , the reader is left with a story that is so unrealistic that it detracts from the earlier writing that has been done . The book is fair and this writer shows some positive flashes , yet nothing really special .
 This book flips between two different storylines which appear to be completely unrelated . These dragged out way too long . Eventually they intertwine but I felt the connection to be too contrived and implausible . Just never connected to the story and honestly glad when it ended .
 It could have been an interesting read , a gripping story and even a terrific movie script . But Micheal Marshalls writing leaves quite a bit to be desired . If you are used to reading `` fast reads '' and Stephen King , so be it , you 'll probably like this kind of tripe . But even Stephen keeps his political commentary to a minimum and stays on track.If Mr. Marshall would have kept the narration in the first person - or just stuck with one POV throughout - I 'd have really liked this book much better He switches tacts at least 4 times , and that really starts to make things confusing . As well , there are too many `` quick fixes '' to his plot line which make the seemingly two seperate story lines come together rather conveniantly.The completely unnatural dialog is laughable in places , nearly sounding like a bad Japanese re-write for American cinema . Examples : `` That 's the web for you , a deaf and dumb oracle with amnesia '' `` I feel negative , good thing I 've got a happy android for company . But if you use that voice again and I 'm going to knife you '' `` I think now would be a good time to blow Dodge `` and on and on.He tries hard to save the book with gratuitous violence which seems to serve no purpose other than make an OK story seem bigger than life and also tends to ramble on -LRB- through the character 's voices , of course -RRB- about humanity , the human condition , America , society , et al. . It just gets old and also gets in the way of the story.The epilogue is just about the worst part , a 5-page rambling that could have easily been boiled down to 2 . A good book for the 20-something crowd , but seasoned readers will find too many similarities to X-files and other TV-genre pulp . Is Mr. Marshall aiming at Hollywood ? Perhaps , but in the end , -LRB- and unlike many other reviewers here -RRB- I found this not to be a page-turner , but a slow read that I slogged through just to say I finished it . Guess I 'm just that kind of guy , I want my money 's worth . As I turned the last page I felt pretty ripped off , however .
 I 'm a lover of good writing and good thrillers in particular . This book is well written , however I found it sickening in its relish for brutal , evil violence , particularly to young children . Especially if you are a parent I strongly consider giving this book a miss . I bought it on the basis of exceptional reviews . I was not , however , prepared to read its content and have since removed it from my library .
 I read this book because Stephen King called it a `` masterpiece '' . I soon came to realize that Mr. King probably read something else , or his brief review was taken way out of context . The author has tremendous potential as a writer , and he uses language in interesting ways , but he 's no storyteller . This book is three times longer than it should be because long passages of useless gibberish fill the page rather than advancing the story . And the finale is disappointing . Moreover , I 'm not sure he knows anything about cops , or CIA , or lawyers.This book could have been a raucous good read , but it wants a good editing , first . Mr. Marshall is about two books and a good editor away from becoming a an excellent writer .
 `` The Straw Men '' 's strong beginning , with keen observations on our relationships with long lost friends and relatives and good commentary on society , is left almost forgotten by the time the final page is read.Our first protagonist 's -LRB- Ward Hopkins -RRB- regrets about not fully knowing his parents is right-on and -- as with the whole book -- is well-written . His search for his mother and father is the best of the three concurrent stories that eventually come together in the last 100 pages.The other story lines concerning a former cop looking for a serial killer , and -LRB- far shorter story -RRB- a girl 's ordeal with her kidnapper , are fine , too , but all three tales are awkwardly combined.When our first hero , Ward , finally discovers the truth about his parents , the parents ' small circle of past friends ' reactions are not what the reader expects , and those reactions are never explained . For instance
 Michael Marshall used to publish great sci-fi novels under the name Michael Marshall Smith . But when his books did n't sell well in the States , he took his publisher 's advice and reinvented himself by changing his name and by chosing to write fiction in a whole different genre . But as they say , some things are better left untouched . There is very little enjoyment to be found in this story that 's just too complicated and too full of incompatible ideas for its own good.The novel follows two different stories . The first is of a man who 's parents died in a car accident . A conspiracy is soon unveiled , one that puts doubt over their death and over the man 's own past . Then , you have the sad , broody cop who 's hunting a killer who also kidnapped the cop 's daughter -LRB- how original ! -RRB- . Eventually , these two stories meet . But the reader is left in the dark for so too long that he soon loses interest . The connections between the two plots are n't strong enough to be believable . The moment the two stories meet , the book collapses , falling into a mess of subplot after subplot that never leads anywhere . The author just seems to be digging his own grave.And the fact that the author never really explains anything does n't help matters . I hate a book where everything is given to you . The reader should be left to discover SOME things by himself . But not everything . Marshall is so vague when it comes to explaining the plot that the reader is left wondering if the author every really knew himself what was going on.The Straw Men is a mess of idea that never seem to mesh well with one another . And that 's a shame , because Marshall can write very complicated and fully fleshed out stories . He can write great characters that are intriguing . But none of that is to be found in Straw Men . Maybe Michael Marshall should leave the Dean Koontz territory to Dean Koontz and stick with what he knows best
 I managed to wade through this book to the end , although I now wonder why I bothered . Probably a Puritan work ethic remnant.The author combines a preposterous plot , unrealistic characters and vague psycho-babble into a thoroughly unsatisfying read . If Amazon allowed less than 1 star ratings , that 's what I would give it.The only positive I come away with is that I borrowed the book from the local library so I have n't done anything to encourage the author to continue his `` writing '' career . You have been warned .
 Like a few other people here , I bought this book for its cover -- not very smart , but I was curious . -LRB- Stephen King 's blurb on the cover did n't make any impression on me -- I mean , come on , has n't he blurbed even John Saul ? -RRB- The book started out intriguingly but lost its way quickly amidst too much descriptive prose , making it a chore to finish reading it . While there were flashes of humor I liked , they just were n't enough to save the story . Not a keeper .
 I think this book was written in a weekend . I 'm serious , it 's that bad.It starts off just fine , with several seemingly disconnected and shocking events that you assume will be tied together later on . And they are , but when you finish the book , you 'll still be scratching your head . The ending just does n't make sense , neither do any of the character 's motivations.The characters are hard enough to keep track of , because besides being stiff and pale representations of real people , they keep being referred to differently by the author . First he 's talking in third person , then he 's back to first person . It 's disconcerting , hard to read , and I ca n't believe that this book was published without being hacked into a million pieces by an editor . Or perhaps it was.Like another reviewer here , I finished the book , but wish I had n't .
 `` The Straw Men '' 's strong beginning , with keen observations on our relationships with long lost friends and relatives and good commentary on society , is left almost forgotten by the time the final page is read.Our first protagonist 's -LRB- Ward Hopkins -RRB- regrets about not fully knowing his parents is right-on and -- as with the whole book -- is well-written . His search for his mother and father is the best of the three concurrent stories that eventually come together in the last 100 pages.The other story lines concerning a former cop looking for a serial killer , and -LRB- far shorter story -RRB- a girl 's ordeal with her kidnapper , are fine , too , but all three tales are awkwardly combined.When our first hero , Ward , finally discovers the truth about his parents , the parents ' small circle of past friends ' reactions are not what the reader expects , and those reactions are never explained . For instance
 I never thought I could express myself this way about a book -LRB- after all someone set days and night to write something to succeed -RRB- but this book is simply ... Discusting . The movie `` The Silence of the Lambs '' -LRB- as a nother heavy strange movie -RRB- is like a lollypop compared to this book -LRB- and the movie is a genious work ! -RRB- Do n't read it - do n't waste your time !
 Silly plotline , irratic and smartass style , confusing character definition . I could n't stay with it , could n't get into it , did n't care about the characters , the story , or anything . I kept wanting and waiting for something cool to happen because Stephen King said this was a `` masterpiece . '' Junk is what it is .
 Like many other readers I tried to believe that Stephen King Blurb about how scary as $ % # % this book was . This was the absolute worst book that I have ever read ! I will go on to say that this book got on my nerves . I got to page 221 and deceided that I would not take anymore of this and I just gave up ! Please Mr Marshall `` DO N'T WRITE ANYMORE BOOKS LIKE THIS ''
 I would have left out the word ` Mere ' because as Star Trek goes it is unfortunately too descriptive . I never managed to finish the book , it is boring and the switches between authors strongly suggest that they did not read what came before in the book . Maybe it is because the world they choose was boring , or that it was not written as a book , but as a series of e-books , I have no idea why , but I did waste my money on this one.Linda Sheean
 This book is not a historical romance . Boring characters . I could not finish it and plan to take it to the used book store .
 I do n't think this book was awful but it was not good either . There was n't much of a story to hold my interest
 What a disappointing little book ! It took me forever to finish it , mainly because I kept losing interest every 4-5 pages . Do n't know why I bothered.I ca n't even tell what it was about ... the story was so lame . Even the `` innovative '' sex scenes were lame . Some of them sounded downright unpleasant and unbelievable . The characters were so shallow . Revenge for something I could n't muster any passion for . Attraction . Sex . That 's it.Having read the other reviews , I expected so much of this book , I was sorely disappointed . Also , it is supposed to be happening in Victorian England , but it felt very Regency . I think the author did n't do any research at all . She must have read a lot of regency romance and decided , `` Hey , what the heck ... no one would notice anyway ... `` Well , I did . I like to take something from books that I read , even if it is an idea , a description , a phrase , a word , an emotion . This book gave me nothing to take with me . A Lady 's Pleasure is by far the most superficial book I have ever read .
 The initial meeting between the lovers was interesting , but throughout most of the rest of the book I wanted it to be over . Conflicts were based on Drake making inaccurate assumptions about his former friend Julian and Drake 's current lover Merriam . Sexual language
 First the positives -- the writing flowed well , the characters fleshed out nicely , and the sex scenes leaped off the page . HOWEVER , the author has no business writing historical fiction with NO -LRB- I mean none , zilch , zip -RRB- knowledge of the era in which she sets her book . Well , actually , my first quibble is I 'm not exactly sure when this novel is supposed to be set , because the author gives the reader no overt context . Let 's just say it 's `` ye merry ol' England . `` I do not profess to be an expert of `` ye merry ol' England , '' but after years of reading romance I do know one thing -- an earl would never be introduced as a plain mister -LRB- see page 49 -RRB- . Although this is not the first naming error , it 's the most egregious . Normally , I 'm not a stickler for this sort of thing . Actually , anachronisms fly right by me most of the time , but errors as blatent as those in this book kept pulling me out of the story.Also , the story contained continuity problems . For example , the story starts off with the heroine not knowing the identity of the hero . Then , he gives her his card -LRB- which should have his name on it -RRB- , but even after seeing the card she asks the hero who he is . BEFORE he tells her , she calls him `` my grace . '' Huh ? Do you know him or not?For the most part , I 'm going to chalk the problems in this book up to atrocious editting and recommend that Pocket retrain whoever allowed this book to go to print as is . My recommendation for the reader
 I really wanted to like this book . It 's definitely readable , but the characters were somewhat flat . The best characterization was done on Julian , the villain . Also , I could n't believe that Merriam would indulge in the kind of sex that she indulged in with Drake then continue to say , `` Oh my ! '' every time she had an orgasm and remain so...child-like throughout the book.Perhaps I should n't have read this book right after Elizabeth Hoyt 's `` The Raven Prince '' which will put many books in the shade this season .
 I bought this book based on the customer reviews which are normally reliable . I am fond of explicit erotica/romance so I was looking forward to it . What a disappointment . This book is so badly written it is actually amusing . One lurid phrase comes comes after another so much so that it is totally unbelievable . The author obviously did no research into the period at all and it really shows . When describing a card game she goes into no detail about how the parties are playing . The hero and heroine engage in sex acts from the beginning . I have absolutely no problem with that but it does help to describe the hero so the reader has some idea about what he looks , sounds , smells like and that is n't done . I am so sick of writers referring to ` shafts ' . There are plenty of other terms that can be used . What finally did me in was the constant reference to Drake 's -LRB- the heros ?? -RRB- sperm as ` creme ' . That term would be apt if Ms Bernard was describing the ` creme ' that you put in coffee but the French do not use this term to describe sperm . If you want to read decent historical erotica , I suggest you try Lauren Holly , Cheryl Holt for really explicit stuff and Sabrina Jeffries , Kat Martin and Lisa Kleypas for less explicit but very erotic stuff . All writers have RESEARCHED their period AND THEY CAN ACTUALLY WRITE DIALOGUE to build up character which Ms Bernard did n't do in this book . The best of these are Lauren Holly 's - she has written 2 historial novels to date and they are incredibly well researched and dense so that when the sex shows up -LRB- and it does very frequently -RRB- it is much more rewarding and real because you have a clear idea of the characters . This is the only book I had to put down because I simply had to give up reading it .
 I could n't actually believe I 've read A Lady 's Pleasure until the end ! Actually I believe it because : - I do n't have a lot of money to spend on books so I read what I buy - I kept hoping the hero would become less menacing once a hint of feelings would be inserted into the plot - Usually I like the hero once his bad/icy/mistrustful character is justified but in this case it was hard even to manage pity - I kept hoping the sex scenes ' lack of feeling will be remedied -LRB- I mean , the first scene , when they did n't know each other , was warmer than the rest -RRB- The reviews promise something hot , testing the border of what 's allowed in mainstream romance , blah blah . That is correct only if you judge it sex-scene-by-the-numbers kind of way , because while the acrobatics were different , the chemistry ... well . . there was none . She kept thinking there 's attraction but that 's at best one-sided ... There are authors out there who , using words , could turn the missionary into the ultimate sensual adventure or could at least plot more skillfully around the standard wallpaper plot
 ... and then it kindof goes nowhere terribly interesting.I should probably have read a few more reviews before getting this one . A quick flip through would have revealed that most of the five star ratings come from fellow Derby skaters and fans , and , sure , I can see how this would be a great read for them.But once the successful formation of the new league has been covered , the book wallows around in mundane details that were n't really of very much interest to the average civilian . Pre-game playlists ? Favorite rollergirl names ? Different personae ? Eh.This ai n't Friday Night Lights . More 's the pity .
 While Melicious ' book does provide some insight into the modern roller derby revival , `` Totally True '' it 's not . It is factual - that is to say there is nothing `` made up , '' but she was under no obligation to apply journalistic standards of balance and integrity to her book . The facts that she did select reflect this .
 I give this book 2.5 stars . The plot line is good , heroine prejudges hero due to her past superficial attitude . -LRB- Who says construction workers have no ambition are not educated , what do they teach you all in the USA ? -RRB- Hero rightly prejudges heroine for her high maintence , superficial ways . I did not root for them to get together , I wished there was a twist at the end where the guy dumps the woman permanently after finding out that she only finds him suitable , even tho she is very attracted to him after she finds out he used to earn big bucks and has 2 degrees.A weak link in a series that is not really about the romance and more about the town .
 I read this book without having read the others in the series . The story had enough background to stand alone . The plot was good . Two people are brought back to their hometown to care for aged and or ailing grandparents . The problem with the book was the author 's lack of character development . All of the characters in the book were flat and one dimensional . The heroine was very difficult to like . She liked the guy was would n't date him because he was a construction worker . Without ever having any in depth conversations with him , she decided he lacked ambition . He was likeable enough but pegged her as high maintenanced , which she was , but he dated her anyway . At the end , he considered going back to a corporate culture he hated to please her ... A lot of characters were sterotypes and not very plausible ... Story just did n't live up to the potential of the plot .
 I found this at a used bookstore and it looked interesting , so I bought it . I am glad I did n't pay full price because I found it to be a disappointing approach to a deeply intriguing and relatable subject . I did n't care for his writing style , it felt sort of juvenile to me in some ways . And , while he offered some good insights , overall the collection of stories seemed contrived , overly-generalized and at times , insensitive to his subjects . I did n't care for it .
 Chapter 2 . Apparently I 'm a member of `` the Petrified Forest , '' a.k.a. those of us who have chosen not to have children . Now , despite Mr. Bronson 's claim that `` parenthood is on trial , '' in the world where I live as a married woman with no kids , parenthood is largely believed to be the default position everyone is expected to take , unless they are unmarried or medically infertile . Because that 's the case , I 'm aware that the decision not to have children is considered strange to some people , and would probably normally have passed this by . However , Bronson 's raison d'etre here is the telling of people 's life stories in order to `` answer life 's biggest questions . '' It strikes me as rather telling , then , that in the course of this he is willing to dismiss and stereotype an entire group of people , all of them individuals with their own reasons and their own stories , with a page of mockery and a glib label . If he 's so casual and quick to judge on this issue , I ca n't really take the rest of his insights too seriously .
 I have some serious criticism of this book and you might want to consider it before purchasing.A little background first ; Po Bronson showed great promise early in his career with fiction in the form of `` Bombardiers '' and `` The First 20 Million is always the Hardest '' . I would have loved to see him stay with fiction . This `` kinder , gentler '' Po , this `` family guy '' , this , `` get out the tissues and cry '' Po is basically an unqualified reporter of psychological mediocrity and blandness that has gripped this country for too many years . -LSB- ... -RSB- Each story was a peapod of family dysfunction laid bare by the author -LSB- ... -RSB- . `` What Am I Going to Do with My Life '' , was certainly on the same track but looks like Pulitzer material in comparison . This new `` ultra-lite '' version of `` Po-lite '' could easily be read by children -LSB- ... -RSB- . -LSB- ... -RSB- Of the 19 stories presented here -LRB- once again - most of them in the San Francisco Bay area where Bronson hails from and only a few that reach to the UK -RRB- most are your standard -LSB- ... -RSB- family dysfunctions , though to be fair at least compared to his last book -LSB- ... -RSB- he at least sprinkles this with racial diversity . -LSB- ... -RSB- Bronson claims to have interviewed -LRB- and I think this term is used loosely as he never says what exactly constitutes an interview -RRB- 700 people over three years time . I wonder what stories did NOT make the cut . -LSB- ... -RSB- Early in the Introduction , Bronson sets forth his -LSB- ... -RSB- concept for a book that is only tied together by its physical binding . His concept , his declaration is so over the top that I almost had to give him credit for bombast . I mean , who in their right mind would ever say that the book they have written will tell you
 I felt for some of the families , and wanted to shake others , despite my sympathy for their plight and the author 's seeming admiration for them . The real disappointment was the author 's poor writing and lack of any thoughtful insights or understanding . Save your time and money .
 Po ' Po . The above reviews say it all . They , like many of us , see through the desperate needs of the narcissistic author using others ' personal stories as his stage . There is nothing sincere about Po Bronson . Save your money and buy something from Dr. Phil .
 The stories in this book are pure claptrap . If you do n't already know your family and know how to love them - without Bronson 's guidance - some inspirational drivel is hardly going to change your life , though you may be reduced to tears because your own dysfunctional family just does n't measure up.This former fiction author has only been a husband and father for several years yet has the pompous audacity to promise to show his readers how to love with the book 's stories . I expect my teachers to carry some credentials.Loving is not a learned technique picked up by reading `` Woman 's Day '' quality stories . Loving is learned through * personal * experience.This is just another example of a world gone voyeuristic . Thanks for some more * reality * . Yawn .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- As for my review of the book , it was given to me by my sister who thought I would have a great laugh over it , as she knows I ca n't stand these Gen-X overbearing Daddy-love guys . Like , excuse me , but just because you decided to give parenthood a whirl you are now an expert on LOVE?The book is patchy at best , there is no through - line and it so last year 's Oprah that I could n't believe that anyone could have possibly given it a good review . My guess is loving family members and friends of his - because this is just huggy-lovey-touchy-feely sugar-coated hop up the kids on Froot Loops garbage.I DO NOT recommend it unless you are not getting enough SUGAR in your diet or if you are really interested in seeing a cutting-edge author turn into Captain Kangaroo .
 Mine is one of the stories in the book . When Po sent it to me , I was eager to read it because I expected it to be handled in a sensitive manner while telling an important story . I was wrong.I felt violated - not because I was expecting a rosey spin on my story but because Po violated some important things we had discussed . He told me he was n't sure what angle he would take on the story but that he would most certainly run it past me . Wrong again . I considered him a friend and shared with him a photograph of my children . Imagine my surprise when I found it published in the book WITHOUT MY PERMISSION.I have not read the other stories in the book . It has been months and I have not been able to get past being used in this way.If my story has helped anyone , it has been at a very high cost to me ... one that I did not agree to pay .
 HOT FOR HIM by Sarah Mayberry.This book was not as fun as I hoped . Claudia grew up with an alcoholic mother who embarrassed her . She never brought friends home . Her father refused to admit the problem or get the right kind of help . Apparently that 's the reason Claudia is now a difficult person . She is extremely competitive , works seven days a week , is very good at her job , and never wants to marry or have kids . She is head producer of a TV show . Leandro is head producer of a rival TV show . Their paths cross . They end up having hot , heavy , addictive , passionate sex . She wants a one-night-stand . He ca n't forget about her and starts sending her gifts . They end up seeing each other a lot . He is patient , kind , generous , and caring . She fights him at several points along the way , and that 's where my problem is . She comes off mouthy , sarcastic , selfish , bitchy , mean , and you-don ` t-own-me-attitude . At one point she wants to break up because she thinks there is a risk he might see scripts from her TV show and use it for his own show . Later she wants to break up because she realizes he cares for her . Later she does break up with him because she insists she never wants kids and he eventually will . He says let 's not worry about the future . Let 's enjoy what we have and see where it takes us . But no she wo n't . I did not enjoy this . She was unsympathetic . I 'm not saying all main characters must be likeable . Sometimes a `` bad girl '' can be entertaining . S.E. Phillips did it well in `` Ai n't She Sweet . '' I 'm just saying that a heroine with problems can be done in a more engaging way . Here 's a minor example of conversation that did not appeal to me . She and Leandro are on the way to meet with a criminal . Leandro asks her if she is nervous . She says no . But she is . It was n't a big deal , but something about it bothered me . Why lie about something so minor?Regarding spoilers . I really do n't think I 'm doing spoilers above . From the beginning she tells him she does not want marriage and kids . And since most romance novels have a break up , my mentioning the break up should not be a surprise . My intent is to let you know the main story is all about her personal issues.The sex scenes are good . There are several.NARRATOR : The narrator Elizabeth Livingston seemed ok , but I wonder if she hurt the interpretation of Claudia . Claudia 's character sounded whiny , bitchy , and arrogant . I wonder if a different narrator could have made Claudia more likeable or sympathetic.DATA : Unabridged audiobook reading time
 Does just about every romance have to judge the heroine on whether or not she wants kids ? Really ? Can we have a book in which the heroine does n't want children and not have it be some sort of MORAL test or a crippling fear . -LRB- `` Poor girl , she does n't know what she wants . We must show her what a True Woman is - a mother ! '' -RRB- How about a heroine who knows what she wants and other characters who do n't PRESSURE her into something else ?
 I had a very hard time getting into this book . It starts okay , but quickly gets bogged down in to many people and off shoots . I did n't bother to finish it .
 Where do I begin ? Florid writing , overstatements , one-dimensional characters , and pretty boring story line despite the heroine 's journey -LRB- literal and metaphorical -RRB- I can not stand the perfect protagonist . It insults the reader .
 I recently gave this book to a good friend for Christmas . After she had finished the book I ask how she enjoyed the book Find Me ? Please understand that she and I have similar taste so , that even thought I did not read the book myself I probably would have felt the same way she did . She said the author was all over the place with her story and neglected to give some important details until the very end of the story . This made it made it very difficult to follow the plot . I should have read the book myself , before giving it as a gift . A lesson learned !
 I found the book tedious and a waste of time . I skipped from about chapter 2 all the way toward the end because there is nothing that moves the story forward , just on and on and on Mallory the freak . Tired of it .
 I got this book as a gift since it is known among my friends that I love Grafton 's Kinsey Millhone and Cornwell 's Kay Scarpetta . So , I thought I 'd love Kathy Mallory . Not!I am aware that there is a series of Mallory 's `` adventures '' . I am aware that one needs to read a couple of other books of the series before rendering a verdict . However , this book alone was enough for me to decide that I wo n't be reading another book by Carol O'Connell . In this series , Mallory hits Route 66 for two purposes . One , to find her father or rather , to find pieces of his life . You see , Mallory was a `` feral '' child before she was caught and adopted by , now deceased , Lou Markowitz , a legendary cop/detective . Two , she 's in search of a serial killer who abducts , kills and buries children by the edges of Route 66 . Initially , sounds interesting . However , the Mallory character is hard to relate or sympathize . You could say that despite of it all , Mallory is still feral . She 's unapproachable , brash and has a big chip on her shoulder . Sure , people can be tough ... but show a little humanity.Nah . I 'll stick with Kinsey Millhone and Kay Scarpetta any day .
 This is my first read of a Carol O'Connell novel so I do n't know what the previous in the series were like . However , I 'll never find out . I just could n't follow this story ; it was all over the place . Events were jumbled . Had I not read the end flap , I basically would have had no idea whatsoever what the plot was supposed to be about . O'Connell assumes the reader knows more than they do , I think . The writing was neither smooth nor particularily compelling . I can not comment on the effectiveness of the ending as I never got there ; I was too hopelessly lost in the poorly executed plot . Any book that it so poorly written that I can not finish it gets one star from me . Unfortunately , I purchased this book new . Wish I could get my money back . Life is too short to read bad books !
 I read 200 pages of this , and nothing much happened . Maybe the story starts to go somewhere in the second half ; I did n't get that far.Mallory is a psychopath who is always on the verge of shooting people for minor indiscretions or for no reason at all . At one point she beats up an FBI agent without provocation and then walks away , while neither her victim nor his colleagues make any attempt to arrest her . The author really lost me with this scene ; not only was it unrealistic , but it made Mallory seem like the quintessential bad cop - a violent nutjob who should not be carrying a gun or a badge.On the plus side , the prose is crisp and clean . There is some amusing interaction between Mallory and a state trooper at one point . And the paperback is nicely packaged in a `` venti '' -LRB- tall -RRB- edition . But since I did n't like the heroine and found the plot aimless and draggy , I ca n't recommend Find Me .
 This book was more than a disappointment for itself and the demise of my interest in any additional books in the series - it damaged the previous books in the series for me.The Mallory novels have been among my favorites , with old ones re-read periodically and whenever a new eagerly-awaited one came out . I have not always been happy with the re-writing of the backstory of Mallory 's childhood and life before the first novel -LRB- though I loved Flight of a Stone Angel -RRB- , and I liked some of the novels better than others , but still it was a wonderful series . Now I will have trouble re-reeading even my favorites , because this book has spoiled them for me . The author might have remembered that what is good and comfortable for her character is not necessarily good for the reader.So that is why I would give this negative stars if I could . I also know this wo n't do any good for other lovers of the Mallory series who will pay no attention - I would n't have before I read the book .
 I really enjoy the old Amanda Quick books . I have read most of her books written under her other names -LRB- Jayne Castle -RRB- . The only problem is that she is reusing the plots and scenes from old books . This plot of this book was very similar to her other stories and some of the scene actually reminded me of scenes from her other books . I used to buy Amanda Quick books now I just check them out from the library . She has not written a book for my keeper shelf in years . Basically if you have read Amanda Quick 's other books then you have read this one . If you are just looking for something to read then read this . This book is like a loaf of bread-plain but filling . But otherwise look for something else .
 I really tried to like this one but to me it was just boring . I finally skimmed through it . I usually enjoy Historical romances with some mystery but none of this just rang true to me . I got so tired of the formal language which I relaize is Victorian style but when Jessica keeps referring to Anthony as `` sir '' even when they are having an affair simply got on my nerves . There were some secondary characters that were interesting , yet I found myself putting the book down thinking I will come back later which is very unusual for me when I 'm reading . Some reviewers liked it so I realize we all have different tastes . Perhaps I should stick to the books she writes under the Jayne Ann Krentz name as I usually like those , though I have liked some of the ones under the Amanda Quick name . This one just lacked something I could n't put my finger on . I simply could n't keep my interest in it .
 I really wanted to like this book , and it sounded like it would be intriguing , mysterious and sexy . It was n't . It was plodding and predictable , with no surprises , and a `` romance '' that seemed especially fake . Left me with the feeling that the author needed to crank one out in order to make some quick cash . Waste of time .
 As a long time Amanda Quick fan , I wanted to like this book but was horribly disappointed . As other reviewers have said the slow moving , improbable plot dragged until the last several chapters when everything was hurriedly tied up with a neat little bow . The characters were one dimensional , poorly developed and lacked any sort of chemistry . I also feel that neither the hero nor the heroine were especially bright . The `` widow '' is still a virgin ? No problem . A fashionably dressed woman in black is stalking you while you are investigating a murder ? Must be a hooker accidentally in the wrong neighborhood . You killed someone and faked your own death ? Let 's not even talk about and jump straight to the bit were we live happily ever after with my kooky yet lovable family , who hardly knows you but thinks you 're wonderful anyway . Several scenes and supporting characters seemed to be lifted straight out of earlier books . All in all , this book was a waste of the time I spent hoping it would get better . I am glad I got it from the library instead of wasting the money on a hardcover as well . If you must read this book , I suggest you do the same .
 `` The River Knows '' is so much like other Amanda Quick novels that , if you have read other Amanda Quick novels , you have , for the most part , read this one already , word for word , scene for scene , character for character.That would n't necessarily be such a bad thing -- sometimes , when you are looking for comfort reading , a bit of predictability can feel cozy.But this book is n't just predictable , it 's lifeless . I did n't sense any enjoyment on the part of the author in conveying this story . Rather , I kept thinking , `` Why did she bother ? Does n't she already have enough money ? `` I never got a sense of either main character . I never got a sense of the villain , either . I kept waiting for a scene that would let me * see * who these characters were -- see their facial features , their eyes , their attire . That scene never came . I felt cheated . I wondered if the author just forgot , or decided that readers did n't care ? I cared.I 'm not a big reader of romance novels -- the first one I ever read was Amanda Quick 's `` Paid Companion . '' I found that book funny , smart , engaging , with just enough substance under the fun , and a real page turner.I read a couple of more novels by Quick , and , while they were fun , neither was as good as `` Paid Companion . '' But they had enough going for them that I was n't sorry I 'd picked them up . `` The River Knows '' was a real disappointment . I really ca n't remember anything positive that I 'll take away from it , not a character I really liked , or hated , or an especially felicitious turn of phrase , or a particularly nifty plot complication .
 The River knows how ridiculously drab , typical , formula romance is ? I 've read this plot before -- heroine murders in self defense and assumes another identity -- and in the right author 's hand the story line can be interesting and entertaining . Not happenin ' here.The `` River Knows '' was a so-what , who really cares , boring mystery , easily-solved , lack-luster semi-romance novel . I could n't wait for it to end . Could not care about either the heroine or the hero . Or anyone in the book for that matter . The writing was quite horrible actually , nothing intriguing or engaging at all.If you like Amanda Quick , and feel compelled to read this do n't waste your money . Library is the way to go . I also suggest that you should read the other 2 - and 1-star reviews here . Those reviews are right on target .
 There is no suspense , Amanda quick-ly lets us know who the murderer is . Beyond that , the book is padded and padded and padded with extraneous info . I would rate it `` I hate it , '' but the sex scenes are more true-to-life than most .
 I think Amanda Quick is in dire need of a new muse . I do n't know why I even bothered wasting my money on this book -- perhaps because I keep hoping she 'll put out a book on par with her earlier work . I never realized that a plot line could be so straight and narrow ... and boring ! It was almost painful how easy it was to predict what was going to happen .
 I 've been on the fence for Amanda Quick for a few books , but I 've fallen off now . I really wanted to like The River Knows , but it was a tedious read that I quit two chapters from the end . I flipped ahead to see if I was wrong about the resolution of events , and I was n't . If you are n't bothered by Quick 's overuse of certain words -LRB- sensation , transcendent -RRB- or her heroines faith in their own abilities -LRB- all evidence and actions to the contrary -RRB- you 'll be fine with this one . I just could n't suspend enough disbelief . Her heroine 's earnestness grated on me - somehow she 's survived poverty , assault , murder , etc and done it all without developing a shred of self protection or caution . See a stranger ? Confront them ! She 's a reporter for the tabloids -LRB- sensation press -RRB- yet never thinks to investigate her own past . She runs from it without looking back , yet reenters society and exposes other people 's crimes . Not big on the introspection . He 's obsessed with proving his ex-fiance was murdered , despite not having loved her . Because if he loved her , he 'd have some depth to him instead of the one note here . Sees heroine , wants heroine , everything the heroine does is nifty keen . The bad guys are so , so bad . The good guys are so , so earnest . The heroine enjoys giving a good lecture . And -LRB- of course ! -RRB- is disappointed in their first sexual experience but chalks it up to ` being wrong ' so the hero can ` rise to the occasion ' and she can be amazed . I tried to care about any of them and I just did n't . The highlight of the book is the tour the hero takes of the heroine 's crime scene . While his smugness grates , the tour guide was the most realistic and interesting person in the novel .
 I wish that writers would not call their books Romance novels if they are going to leave out the romance . The hero and heroine in this book have all the romantic excitement of Ozzie and Harriet . The interesting thing is , I liked them both , but Amanda simply did not make them the least bit romantically appealing . I do n't mind enduring repetitive plots in her stories because some of her secondary characters are absolutely great , and in this story , some of them were more exciting than the leading couple . In fact , I do n't even remember the lady 's name . I think the hero 's name was Anthony . If you 're happy with a story in which the leading lady could easily have been a young and gabby , prim and proper Agatha Christie , then maybe you 'll like this book . But if you 're expecting romance , find yourself something else to read . That 's what I had to do because I could n't finish this one .
 This book was a true waste of money . I am a fan of anthologies and I usually use them as a way to introduce myself to new authors , but not in this case . All the stories seems unrealistic . I struggled to read through them all . I am usually a person that re-reads books like watching movies , but this is one book I will never revisit .
 If you 're looking for romance , look elsewhere -LRB- like Nora Roberts -RRB- . This book is awful . I 'm a new reader of Catherine Coulter and can honestly say , `` Never again ! '' What irked me most was the dialogue between the characters , which was stilted , unrealistic , and ... . Instead of witty repartee between them , the characters would get out all they wanted to say in one big paragraph . Exhausting ! Moreover , I disliked both the hero and heroine and ended up not caring if they died at the hands of the crazed random person -LRB- aka the big bad killer -RRB- . Coulter overused the line , `` As for -LSB- insert name here -RSB- , '' which I found unbearable . The characters shifted moods so often that they seemed bipolar . And I got -LSB- mad -RSB- every time Lindsay/Eden put up with Sydney 's put downs -LRB- which was quite frequent , so I was rather ill-tempered throughout the book -RRB- . Yeah , so stay away from this book if you 're used to more refined writing . If you do n't mind that her dialogue lacks originality , the characters spew whatever brain vomit they 're thinking of at the particular they 're thinking it , and you actually enjoy whiny people , then , by all means , read away . Me , naw , I wo n't touch a Catherine Coulter book again .
 Holy cow , was this a painfully BAD book . I 'm no book snob - I love romance novels and I 'll read anything from a 1962 Mills and Boon to Harlequin Blazes.But this ? This was TERRIBLE . The characterization was paper-thin , the plotting was ridiculous . But what really killed this book for me was -LRB- SPOILER ... if something this bad can be `` spoiled '' -RRB- the inclusion of two brutal rapes committed by family members against young women . -LRB- There may have been more ; I quit reading after the second . -RRB- This author is not skilled enough to write about these topics and have it come across as anything other than exploitative.I gave up in disgust and deleted the book . It was free , but take my advice
 i did not even got through half of the book , that 's how much i hated BEYOND EDEN . JUST TURNED ME OFF .
 This is my second Coulter book and I only read it because I had hoped , no , actually I had prayed that my first book -LRB- Devil 's Embrace -RRB- was a bad example of her work , but this only intensified my opinion of her and I am a little surprised she is a New York Times Best Selling Author . I am not going to get critical of all the flaws in this book , but I will say this , romance it was , but a suspense it was not.The story is a long and drawn out portrayal of a woman who is gone from ugly duckling to supermodel . The blurb on the back of the book states it is about a woman who becomes a model and is being terrified and stalked by some maniac , but who is it ? Someone from her past ? What is she hiding ? I will tell you , nothing ... she is hiding nothing , . She is brutally attacked by her sister 's husband when she is 18 in France . Her family treats her badly and her father especially hates her . They all blame her for her loser brother-in-law 's brutal rape . Lindsey -LRB- the heroine -RRB- years later becomes a supermodel named Eden . She is popular and is beginning to get on with her life until her sister comes back into it to stir the pot . Somewhere in here -LRB- I assume -RRB- Coulter was trying to bring some tension and suspense into the story by adding the hero of S.C Taylor , Lindsey 's bodyguard . For what , I 'm not sure , Coulter never makes that clear either . After some unnecessary chapters where nothing happens but Taylor falling for her , the story gets off-track and you 're not sure where the stalker is or if there IS one at all.Taylor must sort through her messy past and try and win her trust , while keeping her meddling family at bay . He succeeds and then by the last 10 pages or so , the stalker is revealed and I was left wondering , ... why?This story was lacking in true suspense and it was choppy to the point of not understanding what the plot was . If you like a good romance , this was ok , but I would steer clear if you 're looking for a good romantic suspense story , it is poorly written in that department ...
 I have reached page 94 of this book and already two horrific rapes have occurred . I have a feeling that I will not have the stomach to finish the book . Beware those who can not stomach rapes scenes .
 I picked up this book as a freebie . I have enjoyed Catherine Coulter 's books in the past , the FBI series as well as some historical romances . This one certainly did not measure up . The story was totally implausible . Rape victim suffers for years from the trauma of her rape but in one week overcomes her fears and totally trusts the hero.The story is trite and predictable . The characters are shallow and I found that I did not really care how any of them fared . I forced myself to finish it just on the off chance that it might improve along the way . Fortunately is is a fast read .
 I could not stop reading this book in the beginning . The author does write it well . However , soon it became obvious to me that the lead female character , Lindsey/Eden , would be one of those heroines who I absolutely hate - no back-bone and suffers through abuse without fighting back for far too long . She does not fight back even a little bit against her `` perfect '' sister whenever that female character goes over the top in her nastiness . And the rest of her family were so abusive to her that they became too unbelievable . By the end of the book when Lindsey/Eden finds somewhat of a back bone , it was too late for me to even like her . I had no empathy for her or her situation either because she was just too pitiful . I had to keep reminding myself that this book was written back when strong , kick-ass romance novel heroines were not popular . It was the only way I could get myself to finish the book.I 've read other Catherine Coulter books and thank god that most of the heroines in her later novels are strong women , funny and more often than not , demand respect from everyone . So unless you want to get really annoyed at the female heroine of a romance novel , I suggest reading this author 's later books .
 One of my roommates was going on and on about how great this book was and how she could n't put it down . So it floated around our apartment for a while and two more of us read it . However , the 2 of us have come to an agreement that she must have been crazy when she said this was a good book . This book was completely unrealistic , confusing , boring , and had absolutely the worst characters ever . I especially did n't like the story being told from 2 different POV 's . Both Eden and Taylor sounded identical in Coulter 's attempt to give another dimension to the story . My biggest problem was that Taylor was BORING !! He 's supposed to be the man who eventually earns Eden 's trust ?? If I were her , I 'd run away . He 's insensitive and uncompassionate and not even likeable . It 's my understanding that you 're actually supposed to like the hero in romance novels and actually want the heroine to get together with him at the end . This was not the case at all . And i loved how Taylor knew that Eden was terrified of men , and the first thing he does is strip down naked and get into bed with her . What a way to be sensitive . I could n't believe this book ! I hated how it jumped back and forth between characters and times . That was completely unnecessary and could have been told better if it just ran straight from beginning to end with one narrator . Coulter 's attempt at creativity just resulted in a lot of headache and confusion . The story was incredibly slow and at the end , it seemed like there was a rush to finish , which resulted in not a particularly well-written ending . And I shouldnt even start with Eden . She was much to cynical , and she was abused over and over and over again-we get the picture . None of the characters had any depth to them and could not be related to in any way . Also the `` bad guy '' was some random person , like Coulter tried to add a twist at the end but failed miserably . Mysteries are supposed to allow you to figure out who the antagonist is , but that ca n't be done in this book b/c he only makes a cameo appearance once or twice at the beginning . True , I couldnt ' put the book down , but it was just so that I could see if there was some redeeming quality at the end ; there was n't .
 According to Amazon
 Even free is to much for this book.I want my 3 hours back.It was awful . The main actors were shallow , unlikeable one dimensional idiots . The actions of all of the players made little sense.Spoilers ... kinda.The grandmother who is the only one who loves/kinda cares for the girl does not see her for years ? Strange.Taylor falls in love in like a week ? Strange.Lindsay / Eden somehow overcomes her years of torture at hands of her family by sleeping with Taylor while he is naked ? Strange.The legal stuff was beyond stupid , made no sense.How to protecdt Lindsay after she gets the money ... hmm what to do ? She could just write a will leaving all the money to PETA if she is killed that would stop her family ... OR she could just marry Taylor . Of course if the killer was her family hoping to get the money the could just as well kill both of them ... Stupid.Do not get this book even if it is free . Do not pay any money for this book.My goodness it was bad , bad , bad .
 I liked this book second out of the three . I liked that Maggie was actually someone I could picture in my head and at times , be like . Very easy reading as always , but with a nice twist here and there .
 Allow me to be the sole voice of dissent here - but -LRB- I 'm sorry if I 'm insulting anybody -RRB- I really think Nora Roberts ' books should be read only by Americans who have never spent long amounts of time in Ireland . I read excerpts aloud from `` Born in Fire '' to a middle-aged Irishwoman on the train from Dublin to Belfast , and she both laughed and groaned . I lent `` Born in Shame '' to a friend of mine from Belfast and he said it was `` the biggest load of s *** te '' he 'd ever read . One part of `` Born in Fire '' I took especially great exception to was when Maggie Concannon makes a cute remark to some Brit who is looking at one of her sculptures at a gallery show . He asks her if it 's about her sexuality ; she says , no , -LRB- with `` a twinkle in her eye '' -RRB-
 I was given this and Born in Ice by my mother in law , who thought I would enjoy reading novels set in Ireland , where I am from - I cringed through reading this book , the use of dialect was nothing more than Shakespearean Irish - if Nora Roberts actually visited Ireland , I would like to know where she found the characters that actually spoke like this at all - it was an infuriating mix of the country woman , Maggie , speaking old Irish and the main love interest , Rogan , speaking as Irish people speak today . The storyline was a good premise for a novel of glass artist Maggie meeting up with city art dealer Rogan , however , if you are going to write about a country that is not your native own , steer away from the stereotypical tourist imagery and be realistic . Needless to say , I did not bother reading Born in Ice and both copies went to a Salvation Army store .
 I have read and enjoyed every `` in Death '' book . They are so compelling , exciting , and sexy I find it difficult to put them down.I had to force myself to finish this one . Nora , I know you can do soooo much better . If Eve Dallas read this she would turn in her shield and stunner .
 I loved the J.D. Robb story but somehow I was expecting more from the other authors . I was disappointed and if it were n't for J.D. Robb I never would have bought this book .
 I bought the book just to read the J.D. Robb story . Unfortunately , Robb should 've named the story Distracted in Death . It reads more like a basic outline which has not been fleshed out and provided with emotional depth and intensity . When Robb gives short shrift to the usual description of Roarke and passes him off as `` handsome , '' then let the reader understand that Robb , who is beautifully prolific with figurative language , is not really paying attention to the local color necessary to transform Distracted in Death into a fine story called Haunted in Death.The story is defined by its absences . Summerset , Mavis , Nadine , McNabb . Though it is true that all of these do n't have to people an ... in Death story for it to come alive , these add levels of interest and connectedness that make the series unmatchable . Thus , their absence here is noticeable , especially given the quality of Midnight in Death , in comparison to which Distracted in Death is lacking.Thus , Distracted in Death is just going through the motions of being a J.D. Robb story . It does not meet the level of excellence of its predecessors , though it had potential to do exactly that .
 The cover says in capital letters `` J.D. ROBB BUMP IN THE NIGHT '' . This book is a collection of four authors . J.D. Robb 's contribution is 1/4th of the book . I did n't think it was very good story . Neither were the other three . -- All four stories had paranormal themes . When I buy J.D. Robb books , I 'm looking for a detective story , not a ghost story .
 I 'm not usually so out of sync with the majority of reviews . I found that setting this story in the future did n't add much . The sex scenes made me laugh , definitely an unusual reaction ! The protagonist is not sympathetic ; the only way I know she 's so great is the other characters keep saying it 's so . The way Eve and Roark always know what the other is thinking , and know the right thing to say and do for each other is a bit unrealistic . The plot itself was rather obvious . The book is much longer than it needs to be . I got really tired of hearing that Eve wanted to hit someone every other page or so . The whole book was rather silly , a disappointment and a waste of time . Sorry to say .
 I limed the idea of the book but the author got lost in way too many details about the main character and her billionair husband . in my opinion their relationship was not the story .
 THE DESCRIPTION OF THIS ITEM WAS NOT AS I RECEIVED IT . THE PAGES WERE COMPLETELY YELLOWED . BETTER DESCRIPTIONS SHOULD BE GIVEN TO THE PURCHASER OF THESE PRODUCTS .
 Let me qualify the proceeding by saying this is the first -LRB- and will probably be the last -RRB- book of the `` In Death '' series I 've read . I assume there has been a good reason in the past for this series to be set in the future but there certainly is n't for this installment . The future setting adds nothing at all to the story . At the same token it does n't really detract either so I 'll just let it slide.The story just is n't that interesting . There are no remarkable revelations of evidence and for the most part , you know the basics of the why 's / who 's of the crime and your just waiting for the `` official '' data to come in . I 've read alot of police procedurals in my time and this is definately one of the least interesting plots I 've come across.I find the protagonist to be thoroughly unlikable . Eve Dallas is completely butch . Ms. Roberts has confused strength of character and toughness with masculinity . So much so that female police officers are actually addressed as `` Sir . '' I do n't think a paragraph goes by where Eve Dallas does n't want to punch someone . Many other writers have written female detectives as tough without stripping them completely of their femininity.The dialogue is melodramatic and cliche - and not in a charming Raymond Chandler sort of way . The author attempts to impart to the reader how great her characters are by having the other characters tell them how great they are . It 's a classic case of `` telling '' and not `` showing . '' - a big characterization no-no . This is one of the few detective stories where my interest in finding out the details of the murders actually decreased as more evidence mounted . This book is awful - I would suggest Michael Connelly -LRB- especially The Poet -RRB- instead . I ca n't think of a single writer I would n't recommend over Roberts . Very surprised at the reviews here at Amazon .
 I completely agree with the Brad ! Catherine Coulter has proven that she can right fantastic thrillers -LRB- even romantic ones -RRB- , but this one left me yawning . It is not often that I put a book down without finishing it , but I could not sustain my interest long enough to see it through . Although I thoroughly enjoyed all of her FBI books - especially the Maze - I did not care one bit what happened to Elizabeth or her romantic interest .
 I have ordered lots of books , I must say this was the dirtiest . Got through it . Liked the story . . What else can I say ?
 Catherine Coulter is an excellent writer when it comes to historical romances and FBI stories . But I had no desire to find out what happened to Elizabeth . I really did not like any of the people that she was involved with and I did n't trust any of them . So I did n't care who really did it . I found myself skipping to the end to discover the killer .
 The book started out good but by the second chapter I had already lost interest . I had to force myself to finish this book . The characters were poorly developed and the romance was almost non-existant . This book is not worthy of a purchase . If you must read it , I recommend it be checked out the library -LRB- I wish I had -RRB- .
 I really wanted to like this book . The premise is certainly true
 I wanted to like this book , but unfortunately the author seems to have put more effort into trying to be entertaining than getting things right . Starting on page 4 , an omitted closing quotation mark might have been a simple typographic error , but an insistence on page 23 that the word `` up '' in `` The baby can sit up '' is an adjective -LRB- no , it 's an adverb - up modifies sit , not baby -RRB- made me throw up my hands in resignation and , I confess , stop reading . I find no pleasure in reading a book on grammar that not only makes mistakes but vehemently defends them.Did the author write this book in response to accusations of being a grammar snob ? If so , she has a lot more explaining to do .
 I think June Casagrande had a run-in with someone like my former boss , who treated language as though it were a logic puzzle governed by rigid laws , rather than a vibrant tool to be used with the aid of a few helpful grammar rules and style points . The woman had a tin ear for good prose and constantly insisted on challenging people based on rules that were either hopelessly arcane or flat-out wrong . And if you cornered her , her usual squirm-out was that her way was `` idiomatic '' or the `` generally accepted '' way . She was a grammar snob , and she was a great big meanie.This is the portrait that June Casagrande tries to paint , but ultimately , she does n't really seem to be sure what a grammar snob is . Is it a person who will run out of the room crying when you press him or her on a technicality , because the snob really does n't know what he or she is talking about ? Or is it a person who simply makes you feel low because of the snob 's superior grasp of the language ? Well , Casagrande seems to want it both ways . Sometimes the meanies are overbearing know-it-alls , and sometimes they 're overbearing know-nothings . Strangely , she ultimately reverts to the alleged meanies , especially Bryan Garner , to back up her arguments , which range from the obvious -LRB- the stuff you learned in high school English , if you paid the least bit of attention -RRB- to the downright weak to things that are n't even matters of grammar at all . Ultimately , she ends up saying that you need to know what the grammar snobs know.Yet while she does that , she blindly defends some meanie rules -LRB- with often flimsy explanations that rely a lot on the use of the word `` technically '' -RRB- and tosses out others . Incidentally , an earlier reviewer dinged her for defending against the use of the restrictive `` which , '' yet that 's one of the calls I 'll give her credit for . The restrictive `` which '' may not be bad grammar , per se , but it is most certainly bad form , given that an indiscriminate use of `` which '' can only lead to confusion for readers.Casagrande also tells you that snobs will insist that you never split an infinitive but love to resort to Churchill 's famous quote to tell you why you CAN end a sentence with a preposition . Now , I would think that these bogeymen snobs would tell you to do neither , given that the infinitive rule and the preposition rule both derive from ill-advised attempts to impose the limitations of Latin grammar on our language . So which is it ? Do grammar snobs embrace silly rules rooted in Latin , or do n't they ? Again , the author either wants it both ways or is just clueless.It 's not a big surprise that this book is so confused in its advice . You 're dealing with someone who uses `` prior to , '' gives a blanket defense of politically correct language -LRB- in quite a snobbish way , I might add -RRB- , and , perhaps worst of all , offers up a dangler as a fix for a dangler . -LRB- See page 26 -- the opening phrase modifies `` vision , '' not `` VP '' as she had intended . -RRB- The website associated with this book is just as bad . On a quick glance , I spotted at least three glaring punctuation errors and a completely illiterate -LRB- though all too common -RRB- use of `` due to . '' -LRB- Helpful hint
 I found the book rather offensive in tone and quite heavy handed . I consider myself neither a snob nor a meanie ; I just want to write good English . If others wish to do the same and still enjoy `` a fun read '' , I would recommend Patricia O'Conner 's `` Woe is I '' or Bill Walsh 's `` Lapsing into a Comma '' .
 I do n't know where to begin . This book is filled with so many errors and poor explanations that it ca n't help you learn much of anything . Wanda 's review below illustrates the problem pretty well
 This is a usage guide , not a grammar guide .
 I still remember the movie `` The Last Emperor of China '' when Reginald Johnstone said to PuYi something like this
 This is the first book by this author that I have read and I was really disappointed . The cover blurb made it sound like a much better story than it turned out to be.Elly breaks her engagement to Cooper -LRB- the new Guild boss -RRB- and runs away from him to the big city . I thought she was a spoiled brat with a huge chip on her shoulder . Cooper is a likeable guy , mature and serious - opposite of Elly.He goes after her and the resulting adventure was predictable and did not keep my attention . You could see from a mile away who the bad guy is . There were a few twists that you did n't expect and I suspect if I had read previous Harmony stories I may have liked this better . All the jargon about rezzing etc. without really explaining what it meant was distracting too . There did n't seem to be any romance between Elly and Cooper either . It was like - ok - time for them to get together so they got together . I would be tempted to try another story because I like paranormal romance and the world of Harmony could be really good but maybe borrow it first .
 I do n't know why I keep buying these books - they are just so mediocre . Boring and formulaic does n't begin to describe it . It took it with me on vacation and did n't even bother to bring it home to resell .
 Welcome back to Harmony , the world where amber + psychic power = the # 1 energy source . In this book , we meet Elly St.Clair and Cooper Boone.Elly grew up in Aurora Springs , amidst an important Hunter Guild family ; in the prologue , she 's engaged to - and in love with - Cooper , the new Guild boss -LRB- yes , it 's supposed to sound like `` mafia boss '' -RRB- . But when she suspects that Cooper asked her in marriage for her family connections and not for love , she breaks her engagement and leaves for Cadence City .6 months later , Cooper is in Cadence City on `` personal business '' and Elly sought him out because she needs a Hunter . They then become embroiled in a scheme to discover who hurt one of Elly 's new friend when she stumbled into a drug-making operation , while clues of a mysterious and mystique legend keep cropping up , etc. etc. . For those familiar with Jayne Ann Krentz , you know the drill.This , however , is nowhere near the range of `` Zinnia '' , `` Family Man '' or `` Absolutely , Positively '' . Her characters ' pithy remarks - which used to be funny - now feel cold instead of ironic , and so , too , do her characters . We do n't believe in Elly or Cooper and even less in their story . And yes , Rose the dust-bunny is cute , but to have her mumbling or drifting or crooning every third phrase does get to be too much.As for the suspense/mystery side of the story , it does n't take either ; by the end of the first chapter , we know who is the bad guy . It 's all so static and contrived , as if JAK is writing by rote.I am a HUGE fan of Jayne Ann Krentz ; a lot of her books are among my all-time favorites . For the last couples of years however , it 's as if she 's not interested anymore in what she 's doing ... and unfortunately , neither am I.
 This book is too black and white . It is not for people who had good parents . The author seems to think everyone wants to get away from their parents and their childhoods . While I gleaned a few tidbits from it , I put it down in disgust after awhile .
 This book spoke of promise to me when I read the table of contents , other reviews and mostly the questions posed by Mr. Hollis in the introduction . Being over 50 , I have an interest in the subject matter . Unfortunately for me , the book did not live up to it 's promise .
 Based on an article in the AARP Magazine , I almost bought this book sight-unseen . I 'm glad my better judgement prompted me to check it out from the library instead . The first three chapters seemed to offer some optimistic possibilities . Beyond that point , however , I had to pull out my old graduate school copy of Hall & Lindzey and reacquaint myself with Jungian theory . I admire Dr. Hollis ' professional expertise but I 'm afraid he lost me somewhere along the increasingly muddy path he 'd mapped out . I find that the only thing that sticks in my mind from reading this book was a snide comment he made about the banality of `` I 'll Be Home For Christmas '' .
 The title , `` Finding Meaning in the Second Half of Life '' promises some hope but the book does not deliver . This book contains very few good insights , is hard to understand , full of psycho-bable , and technical jargon , and implies that everone needs a therapist just to get through life . It is a wast of time for the most readers .
 when you reach the second half of life you need ginko biloba to remember what you did fifteen minutes ago . The meaning has always been there.Remember the golden rule - love your neighbor as yourself . Do n't waste your money . I read this book and gave it as a gift . I liked it . But I ca n't remember anything about it !
 If you think that the subtitle of Hollis 's book -LRB- `` How to Finally , Really Grow Up '' -RRB- sounds vaguely , uncomfortably judgmental , you should probably go with that feeling . Hollis would most likely say that your unconscious , or your most inner psyche , or your `` real '' self is urging you to avoid the book because it -- your inner , `` real '' self -- knows what your fake , outer self does not
 Boy , did I want this book to be great . The title called out to me , promising insight that recent 50 year olds with a spiritual bent and considerable experience with inner work -LRB- like myself -RRB- would eat up . The intro and preface raised all the right issues . But chapter after chapter , I was disappointed when Hollis failed to deliver on his `` how to '' promise . The other reviews posted here inspired me to order 4-5 of the author 's other titles , before I read a single word of `` Finding Meaning ... '' However , half way through this book I cancelled the others . To me , this book is a good example of a pet peeve that I have with the publishing industry ... once an author sells a lot of copies of one title , editors get that person to regurgitate similar information in related topic areas . Yes , there are small nuggets of gold in `` Finding Meaning ... '' But you will have to pan through mountains of useless self-improvement babble to find them . There is a great hunger and need out there for the information that Hollis promises . I wish he would go back and revise this book so that it delivers on the `` how to '' portion of its title . Dr. Hollis , get a ghostwriter ... lose the Jungian stuff ... give the hungry hordes who truly ARE seeking meaning after 50 the gift of your obvious wisdom , packaged in a true `` how-to '' format . This is what the world needs from you .
 I found this yet another rehash of classic Jungian psychotherapy . The writer was way too fond of his own voice . I found his endless repeating of basic tenants very iritating . If you have something new to say go ahead and say it just once .
 This book was a big disappointment . Rather than providing insight , information , or inspiration about how people have come to find meaning in the second half of life , this book is one long harangue about the illusions and problems people have . There are many invocations of fancy metaphors -LRB- Greek tragedy , psychological lingo -RRB- , but they serve more to show what a fancy education the writer has than to offer meaningful inspiration or guidance to the reader . The author goes on and on about how people ruin their lives and fool themselves , but never seems to get around to describing how to break out of these illusions and lead an authentic or meaningful life , besides `` abandoning illusions '' . Of course everyone 's path is unique , and so a pure `` how to '' approach wo n't work to untangle each person 's uniquely tangled web , but providing concrete examples of successes , not just problems from his supposedly successful decades of work as a therapist would provide hope and some sort of guidance for those of us who realize we 've reached a dead end and need to do something about it . That is what I was expecting from the title - this book definitely has not delivered .
 I violated a basic rule of reading fiction - do n't read a book about your profession written by an outsider.While the story was interesting , many of the facts were dead wrong . Starting with the description of a fire giving off carbon monoxide when it first ignites -LRB- it does n't -RRB- , the `` flashpoint '' of the radiator -LRB- flashpoint is only applicable to flammable and combustible materials -RRB- , the concern over being electrocuted in the burned out building -LRB- if the fire does n't kill the power to the building , the firefighters certaily will -RRB- , to the scene where one character dies and the EMT 's just cover him with a sheet -LRB- EMT 's would certainly be doing CPR -RRB- , and ending with the desription of the power supply to the arc welder -LRB- arc welders produce 250 amps , they do not require 250 amps ! -RRB- The lesson is that if you are going to write a book which requires technical accuracy , have it read by someone who knows the subject well before publishing.This book might be a good read for someone who does n't know the firefighting and investigation business , despite the rather melodramatic ending .
 Harrowing , great fiction , page-turner ... Looking over these reviews , I must have read a different book . The characterization was sloppy , to say the least . The guy who said `` youse '' so you knew he was a louse -LRB- and he said it every stinking time he opened his mouth -RRB- , cardboard characters aplenty , characters who changed their perceptions of each other just long enough to have sex , firefighting facts dropped with the subtlty of lead balloons ... This was the first book I 'd read by Suzanne Chazin . Even though I bought the second book at the same time and actually have it in my possession , I ca n't bring myself to read it . I paid $ 2 for both books and I feel like I got ripped off.I suggest Earl Emerson 's novels for truly well-written firefighter novels . Emerson is a firefighter and , unlike Chazin , manages to create a believeable and taut thriller .
 Suzanne Chazin 's debut novel , `` The Fourth Angel '' , follows inexperienced New York City fire marshall Georgia Skeehan as she investigates a string of hellish serial arsons and confronts both chauvinsim and corruption within the department.I 'll leave the description at that , because , despite an author with a decent command of pacing and language , you 've definitely read this book before . It is a truly staggering assemblage of cliches , stock characters , hackneyed plot devices and well-worn tropes.Single mom with resentful son ? Check . Scrappy female firefighter/cop/soldier who must earn the trust of her bigoted superiors ? Check . Love/hate relationship with co-worker ? Check . Protagonist haunted by the memory of father killed in line of duty ? Check . Superiors focused on covering their own backsides to the exclusion of all else ? Check . Villain who gets his comeuppance at the hands of his weapon of choice ? Check . Rich guy with something to hide ? Check ? Family member/friend entangled in plot ? Check . Suspicions raised by a borrowed matchbook from a location key to the investigation ? Check.What 's worse , though , is that on top of what appears to be a plot pulled from some sort of how-to-write-a-thriller-by-the-numbers beginning author 's course , Ms. Chazin did n't seem to know when to stop ; it is ludicrously overstuffed with attempted plot twists . Further , the characters are two-dimensional , wildly inconsistent , largely unlikable and often just plain stupid . The villain fancies himself some sort of malevolent genius , but that may be because his pursuers are , essentially , nitwits , drunks and morons.Everywhere I 've looked at reviews for `` The Fourth Angel '' , I have seen positive commentary . Frankly , I am at complete loss as to how this can be , because it is cookie-cutter to the point where I felt like the author was laughing at me for having purchased it . I 've been an avid reader for decades , and in all that time , there have been only two books I have either abandoned because I actively disliked them or not bothered to finish out of boredom . This is the third.PS . The dust jacket photo for the hardcover edition of `` The Fourth Angel '' features a female fire fighter . Except not really . Rather , it is a truly amateurish Photoshopping of an attractive woman 's eyes over a firefighter 's oxygen mask . Funny enough , upon closer examination , but also kind of sad , since it serves as an effective analog for the book 's contents .
 Hi ! my name is Roy Chan and I am reading this when I 'm in 7th grade . I decided to read Great Expectations because I thought it has a lot of excitement . When I read it , it turn out okey but when I 'm in Chapter 6 it is boring and hard to understand . So I give it up . Maybe I do n't understand this book because I am too young . Maybe I will read this book again in 9th grade .
 I was forced to read Great Expectations because my Accelerated English teacher made us . I do not think the novel was very well thought out and was much too indecisive in many parts . Dickens did not seem to know really what he wanted to do with the plot . He even made two endings !!! He was much too descriptive and that made the story even more boring than its story line made it in the first place . I have heard that many people think this was his greatest book and that makes me wonder if they have read anything else by him because I do not think anyone could get much more boring !
 Well I read this book with some great expectations and I should n't have . I figured that it was going to be a wonderful book because of the author -LRB- wrong -RRB- Ihad to strugle just to read 2 pages without getting sleepy . Altough I have great respect for Dickens and all of his accomplishments , I did NOT like this book !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Last year as a Freshman in high school I was assiagned to read this book as a class project like many of the other critics who have already written their crities . Although I must admit that the book was in reality flat out boring and totaly lacking in point I would not recomend giving up on Dickens becuse of it . I can not with in any honesty recomend this book to anybody but I would eagerly recoment Dickens .
 I had to read this for a high school summer reading list . It was the worst reading experience I ever had , and I love reading books . I cried several times trying to plug through the long-winded -LRB- obviously Dickens paid by the word -RRB- presentation . While some themes are mildly interesting , there were no scenes that captured my attention or held it for any period of time . This book might be great as an adult -LRB- which I 'll gladly never know -RRB- , but definitely not as a 16 year old . Sucks sucks sucks.Note to Teachers and Principals , please do n't assign this to your high school students . There are so many better and more captivating books . This was the first book I ever read that truly took the joy out of reading for me .
 This page tells me next to nothing about this product . When I try to find out anything at all about this audio version , I ca n't . I ca n't see the back of the package , which would tell me something , because when I click `` see the back cover , '' it gives me the Norton Critical version , which is NOT this product . The reviews also are of the paperback version , NOT this product . Please provide adequate product information . Who is the reader ? Is there just one reader , or a cast ? What else have the reader -LRB- s -RRB- done in their careers ? Is this their first professional job ? How is the audio quality ? Etc. .
 I 'm just starting to read it but I 'm sure the novel will fulfill my `` great expectations '' . But I have to complain about the physical book . The pages came incredibly badly cut and the cover was thorn and damaged , as if it had been used for over a decade!Besides , the introductory study gives a lot of details and hints about how the story is going to end and I hate that !
 Put simply , Great Expectations is a wordy , convuluted , and overrated peice of trash . Written originally in different volumes and distributed to an excited Victorian republic , Dickens was able to make his audience care and feel for his odd , moving characters . He was the Stephen King of his day ; a clever businessman who distributed mediocre books to the public . That Dicken 's fever passed on from one generation to the next is fine , that this made Dicken 's books classics in schools is a shame . But let me get to the actual book at hand ! Yes , many characters in Great Expectations are original and interseting . Overall , however , Great Expectations is wordy -LRB- ! -RRB- , and painfully convoluted . It is often difficult to get through , and geared towards a certain audience only . This is not to say that everyone will dislike Great Expectations , but we live in an age -LRB- good or bad -RRB- of gritty realism . Authors like James Joyce and F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote with and still show a heavenly pen , Dicken 's stories are what turns so many young people against reading . Anyone who wants to live in a former era , Great Expectations is a must ; for anyone who wants a powerful , sophisticated read PLEASE put Great Expectations in the incinerator .
 This book was a large disappointment for me . I had seen the movie , and hoped that the book would be good . However , I was wrong . In fact , this book turned out to be one of the worst I have ever read . The book has too much description , not even important to the story . Dickens lost my interest in the book from the very first chapter , just a plain description of main character Pip 's history of his family and town . This chapter drags on for too long , as does the rest of the book . As an example , the character Estella 's rudeness towards Pip is repeated so often that it becomes annoying . I got the point of Estella 's bringing up and lifestyle early on in the novel , and this did not have to be repeated so often . This book could very well have been interesting , but Dickens did not do a good job writing it . His continuous decscrptions of such landscapes as rivers and trees are irrelevant to the story , and caused me to drift away from it . I do not reccommend this book to anybody , and advise you to avoid it . I , as well as many other people I know , could not even finish this book . It brought no interest to me , and it is too long , considering that it contained nothing attention-grabbing and no excitement . However , if you do insist on reading this book , please just get the cliffnotes . It is not a book worth buying .
 when I read this book . Honestly , after I liked `` A Tale of Two Cities '' I was expecting more from Dickens . Maybe Dickens wrote in the style of his time , which was to be very detailed , but it really does n't translate well to today . I do n't mind long books -LRB- I 'm reading War and Peace now -RRB- but this book went into extreme detail about the most meaningless things.This story was essentially a Victorian soap opera . Theres all sorts of unknown parents , secret coniving , mysterious benefactors , and worst of all , many unrealistic characters . This book was so contrived and unnatural that I really do n't see how it 's attained `` classic '' status.If you do n't mind meticulous attention being payed to the minutia , which is Dickens 's style , then I 'd recommend `` A Tale of Two Cities . '' If not , there are many other authors much better than Dickens that you can read .
 Great Expectations was a mediocre book . I was not impressed . I had to read this book for my 9th grade honors English class . It was too long and boring . I see were Dickens was trying to go with the suspense , but it just made the book monotonous and boring . The uncanny coincidences just did not seem real . It 's ok to use a coincidence as a tool of suspense , but this was just overkill . Every chapter was boring . I got tired pretty quickly of pip wishing he were with Estella for the whole book . Also , the book seemed to stray away from the main point for chapters at a time . Who cares about Wopsle 's stupid plays ? This could all be summed up in a couple of page short story . In conclusion , this is another swing and a miss for Dickens . STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS BOOK ! If you want to read a good Dickens story , read `` A Christmas Carol '' and nothing else written by Charles Dickens .
 I had to do this for school . I could hardly get through it . All they did was talk . It was long and boring . I HATED IT !
 The most boring book i 've read in ages . If it was n't for school I would never have read this book .
 This book was very boring . Details in a book make it interesting but the extended details in this book made it nausiating . This book had a very interesting plot and many good ideas but the way it was writen didnt appeal to most of the students in my school that read it . A poll was taken and about 73 % of the students in the school liked this book . What does that show about the book ?
 This book was literally the worst thing thats happened in my whole entire life.I was forced to read this long . boring book for english class and either fell asleep , or sat there and sared off into spce.THIS BOOK WAS HORRIBLE !!!!!!!!! The only GOOD thing about this book is that I hav found a new way to doze off without sum sleeping pills -LRB- just read the first two pages and WALLA ure fast asleep !!!!!!! -RRB-
 after reading this book i think dickens would benifit from very low expectations . and by that i mean a lot of people will be returning this book and giving bad reviews . all the classics always in my opinion , are very bad
 Let me see.I hate this book . It is a required reading for English , mostly to show the difference between Flat and Round characters . Well it worked ! Most of the characters in this book are flat ! Ugh.I ca n't get over how the plotine does n't even move normally . Its like when you want to drive somewhere and you hit a million and one detours . Eventually you 'd say , `` Screw it ! Who needs food ? '' But nooo ... Dickens just kept on driving around . I think only ONE subplot was actually straightforward , and that would be Miss Havisham and her ex lover.Basically , I got halfway through this book , then fled to Sparknotes . I was n't going to read it . I was just going to make sure I knew enough to pass the test I had to take on the garbage.Ironically enough , those of us who used Sparknotes got better test grades than those who actually read the book . That say something about how much sense it made ...
 This book by far is the worst piece of shi -- garbage I have ever laid my eyes on . The story has a skeleton , and a little bit of meat -LRB- and I like meat -RRB- , but mostly , it 's just fat . Especially the second stage of Pip 's expectations , which finds Pip devoid of any characterizations beyond `` I 'm rich and you 're not , '' and `` Oh , how I do love the lady Estella . '' It 's enough to make you vomit . Mr. Dickens should have made this a much shorter novel , or maybe even a short story . It still would have been boring , but maybe not as boring .
 A guy I work with read this book and it seemed like he was reading it for three years ! Every day he sat there with his legs crossed sipping his tea and reading Great Expectations , spending about an hour on every page ! What an aristocrat . It was brutal!Than I tried to read the book.I could n't get past the first stage or the first part or whatever because it was so f*cking boring i thought my f*cking head was going to explode ! NOTHING HAPPENED!That freak I work with did n't like it either.I 'm just surprised he could read the whole thing without completely losing his mind .
 AAH ! This book bored me to tears ... literally . Thanks to Charles Dickens and his array of b **** y women and the rest of the babbling morons , I never want to see that book again . It was thrown across the room many times in the course of my reading . Being forced to read that garbage did n't help much either . I do n't understand why honor english students have to be tortured with his 500 pages of nothingness . I had to get the monarch notes to be able to understand it all ! It made me feel like an idiot and maaaaaaybe if it was understandable and shorter ... . it would actually be good . MAAAAAAAYBE !
 I think Great Expectations was a very long , boring book that did n't have a plot . Dickens seemed to drag the story on and on . If the book was n't as long , it might have been better . I heard somewhere that Dickens got paid by the word and that is was there 's a lot of extra , stupid words in it . I also think that it was twisted because everyone was realted to each other .
 the book was boring , poopy , i did n't like it at all , had to read it for school , not a good time
 I must confess that this was the first book I 've read from Charles Dickens and did ` nt liked it.I believed that he would describe more profoundly the rigid class difference in the british society of the end of XIX century .
 It 's not worth it , even with the low price of 1.99 . You 're better off getting the free version . The only thing you 're going to get is a couple of illustrations and there is no link for a free audio book like it says there is .
 I was assigned to read for my honours English class and I have never read a more stupendesely boring book.It 's a revered book but it lacks everything that makes a book truly great.It 's poorly written , uninteresting , the characters are unlikable , there is very little theme or characterization , the plot is virtually non-existent . The chapters are so meandering and pointless you have to force yourself to read it.English students should n't have to suffer by being made read this incomprehensible , boring , overrated ` novel ' . I 'd rather watch paint dry than read this book again.Still , any insomniacs looking for a cure , this book 's for you .
 I was assigned to read for my honours English class and I have never read a more stupendesely boring book.It 's a revered book but it lacks everything that makes a book truly great.It 's poorly written , uninteresting , the characters are unlikable , there is very little theme or characterization , the plot is virtually non-existent . The chapters are so meandering and pointless you have to force yourself to read it.English students should n't have to suffer by being made read this incomprehensible , boring , overrated ` novel ' . I 'd rather watch paint dry than read this book again.Still , any insomniacs looking for a cure , this book 's for you .
 I do n't know where to begin . The book never had me . I do n't think it ever actually tried to have me . It 's premise centers around a boy named Pip and his life in 19th century England . It 's only too bad that Dickens spends far too much time showcasing his prolific skills of writing in the English language and less time on any sort of a solid base for this specific novel . The reader feels absolutely no connection to any of the characters , most notably Pip or Joe . The one bright part of the book is Miss Havisham , who Dickens spends enough time with for us to empathize with her for her lonely life.The biggest problem of course , is it 's lack of commitment to any sort of theme . A great novel , as many would claim this is , must possess the language and have something to say . It seems , especially at the beginning , that Dickens is taking his stand against early Industrial Revolution labor practices . However , the book never really delves into that in any way shape or form . When Dickens chooses to describe Joe 's house or some other hovel , he persists to use the same kind of language as when he describes , for instance , Miss Havisham 's or Wemmick 's house . This book , on the whole , is as dry as Spanish sherry and is simply not meant for anyone who wishes to extrapolate anything of meaning from the books they read .
 Understood classic by others , but it bored me . Then again , I had to read this for school . I found it to lack in a real plot . I am a fan of Charles Dickens but this one was not good .
 Pages are all different size and roughly cut . A bit rubbish , really . This is not a reflection on the narative , which of course is well reviewed in general .
 I was forced to read this book in my English class this year , and I almost died . For a more thrilling read , try a dictionary or a phone book .
 Charles Dickens ReviewI think that this book was a little bit advanced for us to be reading there was way too many different characters and way to many character changes . If he would have kept the book simpler , it might have been a little bit easier to read and understand . It also would have helped if the author would have only given some of the characters one name instead of giving some people two names making it look like they were a completely different person , that was very confusing.It was good at the end when things finally started coming together and making a little more sense . One of my favorite parts was when Pip finally realizes that he is not meant to be a gentleman , and that he was meant to be a blacksmith . The major themes were the only thing that really helped me understand the book . I really didn &#65533; t like this book very much because I couldn &#65533; t really relate to it , therefore , I couldn &#65533; t understand it . I think that we should have read a book that was more modern and practical .
 This is my least favorite book . I was forced to read it for freshman honors English , or I would have stopped reading it . It has a good plot , but because Dickens was paid by the word , he added too many useless details . I really did n't enjoy dinner scenes that lasted for 17,000 chapters without revealing anything remotely important . However , the way the characters intertwined was fascinating . If you want to get the interesting part of the book , read the cliff 's notes . I 've also heard it 's a little less mind-numbing on tape . Only read the book if you 're going to be quizzed on it the next day . I do n't know if all Dickens is this bad , but I 'll not read any more of his books until I 'm forced to for my next English class .
 Great Expectations was not that great of a novel . I found it to be dull and a bit on the boring side . Charles Dickens wrote a novel about a boy who had a hard life , and in the end he was happy ... Big Deal !
 This book is not a book most people should read . I would n't call it horrible but it is intensly boring . Dickens takes a whole chapter to say something anybody could say in a sentence . Im in the eighth grade and am required to read it . At times i dont have a clue wats goin on but i get the basic gist of the story and plot . I only recommend this for reader lovers , highly advanced people in litereture and who can understand something not written in english .
 This book was very dull and boring . I was made to read it in English and I soon realized not far in that it was very boring . It 's not a good book for highschool readers . It is written in very dull and boring text . I mean the theme is great and all but the language and storyline stinks . I would not ever read this book again and if I had a choice to get this book or nothing i would n't get anything . It is n't a book to buy but for some odd reason is still have the one left from school . This book is quite possibly the worst book i ever read . If you are really interested in this book then go see the stupid movie or rent i from the library .
 Do not read this book . It is a form of painful torture ! If you have to read it for school buy the Cliff Note . Or if your instructor is on to that kind of thing , at least listen to the audio book . At all costs do not read this book ! Take it from someone who knows .
 You wo n't be needing a bookmark with this novel - more like a pillow ! I read this my freshman year of high school , maybe I was just too young to understand it and appreciate it , but I could not read the whole thing without falling asleep . After reading half the book , I read the cliff notes and actually found them more interesting than the novel itself . Unless you are suffering from insomnia , I would n't buy it .
 I had to read GE for my freshmen honors English class , and I thought Lord of the Flies was bad ! Dickens takes 1 paragraph to convey an idea that could have been said in 1 sentence ! Many of the vocabulary is just out of our time , and take the fun out of the story . Unless you have heaps of time and patience , I recommend that you stay away from this `` book '' .
 I did not have `` great '' expectations after reading some of Mr. Dickens other work -LRB- see my review of `` Tale of The Two Cities '' -RRB- . But someone told me they at least made a movie about this one so I figured I may as well give it a shot.Well lets just say that I wont be seeing the movie but I will admit that this one is at least better then the other book because it is just thick enough to balance out this wobbly dresser I have when I weged it under one of the legs.A better effort ! I give you a generous TWO STARS this time Charlie ! Youre getting there so keep trying !
 this sucks this is the most boring thing i ever had to listen to . I only listened to this because the book was worse . The book is terrible and I dont even see how peoplecould like it . What really makes itbad is that Dickens was paid by the word , so he wrote as much as possible so he could have a little spending money
 THIS IS BY FAR THE WORST BOOK I HAVE EVER READ !!!!!! do not read it unless u have to ! i had to read this book for english , and it made no sense and was absolutely terrible ! i would never recommend this book to anyone !
 This book has nothing to do with anyone expecting anything great , so I hate it ! This book is perhaps one of the greatest books of all time , but I hate it , because the title is misleading . What the Dickens does the author think he 's doing giving this book a title like that !?
 I ca n't i am required to read this book . Its endlessly boring ! The literature is just so boring and so dull ... . its mental torture to read this book , they should give this book to read for the prisoners in Guantanamo Bay for torture .
 this book was excruciatingly painful to read . when i read this book i finally understood the definition of the word infinity . i would recomend this book to friends who have insomnia or those who i absolutely despise .
 This book could have made a wonderful short story , but as a full length novel it lacks both and entertaining plot and characters that one can truly empathize with .
 I wanted to read Great Expectations with my Granddaughter who is getting a masters in humanities . They are going back to the classics . I never received the Great Expectations.The computer said it was sent but never showed up on my Kindle . I have a Kindle and I have also ordered products from my computer . I somehow found myself with two -LRB- 2 -RRB- accounts with Amazon . I could order books for my Kindle with one account and anything else with the other account . I have tried to straighten this out twice . The result of the last time was to close my Kindle account and the loss of all my books on my Kindle . I still am unable to order from my Kindle and now am also unable to order Kindle books from my computer . Which makes my Kindle completely useless , just a piece of garbage.While I 'm on the subject I recently ordered a book and received an E mail saying the bank refused to honor the credit card number . Some time ago I had notified Amazon of a new number that the bank had issued . They had gone back and used the old number . I straightened that out and then I received an E mail saying the Book was undeliverable and Amazon was issuing a refund -LRB- the address was right -RRB- . I may never receive that refund because they keep going back and using the old credit card number.I will never order anything from Amazon again .
 This book has a good story concept and Dickens writes well ... but the story would have been alot better had he not been paid by the word . His lengthy descriptions of mundane tasks serve to break the pacing of a novel that already barely dredges along .
 In the first twenty or thirty pages , I was pleasantly surprised by Dickens 's humor and had great expectations for his storytelling and prose-writing talent.I mean he is hailed as one of the greatest literary giants of English literature , as well as one of the most popular novelists of his time.But alas , my great expectations were dashed mercilessly , and I found myself - not unlike how Pip finds himself in the last portion of the novel - banging my head against the hard , boundless boredom that permeated the first 300 pages of non-drama , non-action , and non-story whose only saving grace was that it was not endless.In the beginning , Dickens sustains the story with action , and there 's nothing wrong with that as it makes the story more engaging . But aside from that in the first interminable and insufferable two stages of `` Pip 's Great Expectations '' that span exactly 300 pages , I was thoroughly disappointed in Dickens . Other than Pip getting rich all of a sudden , NOTHING happens
 I 'm a senior in high school and was asked to read this book for my AP English 12 class . While it had some parts that were somewhat interesting , overall I could n't get into the book . I could n't even finish the book , I was so bored with it . I do n't recommend it .
 I am an avid reader and enjoy reading most books . This book , however , I found exstremely boring and I constantly lost interest . There were very few interesting chapters and I was thrilled at finally finishing the book and moving on to another that was better . I can honestly say that this book was one of the worst books I have ever read and would never recommend it to anyone .
 This book is not the full version , despite the length . There 's no indication of this until you get inside the book .
 As an English teacher , I purchased the collection to use in my classroom . We had already started the novel when the cd 's came in . Because the cd 's were not marked according to chapter , it was difficult to find the starting point each time we used the cd 's . I would have liked to have chapters to correspond with the tracks for easy listening . On the up side , it was easier for the kids to follow along once we did find the spot , and the animated voices brought the story to life .
 I had to read this book twice
 I had to read this book this year for my English class . At first I was interested , when Pip was a child , but I quickly became sick and tired of it 's boring nature . I am in the honors program in my school , and we only had about 2 and a half weeks to read it , but it seemed like 2 and a half years . I was disappointed most because this massive plot builds up , and I was waiting for something to happen , but nothing really did . Furthermore , it was a bit hard to understand , especially since my mind was drifting , becuase it is hard to pay attention to this book .
 A great book in concept . However , Dickens was apparently paid by the word . Especially the silly ones , like `` prithee '' and `` vittles '' . It is time that we stopped attacking freshmen honors students with this pretentious book , which serves only to drive them away from English forever . Nowhere near the best of Dicken 's work , the book reads like a 19th century soap opera , without bathroom breaks and Snuggle-bear commercials . By the time the first interesting character returns to the novel , the reader is lucky if he or she has n't choked to death on tears of frustration . Why is Estelle such a b **** ? Why is Ms. Havisham such an old hag ? Why is Pip so utterly slackjawed that he permits 20 years of idiocy to be perpetrated upon his stale English carcass ? Why , after all , does n't his benefactor take care of business , murder the lot , and turn this into something vaguely enjoyable ? Never mind the fact that Dickens could n't choose an end , he apparently could n't even choose a plot , wavering wildly between romance and mystery and the sort of English politics that Michael Palin would love to throw his pasty-white Anglo-Saxon hands about and throttle . Especially the politics . Do we really care about how an English attorney carries himself when we 're 15 years old ? Not bleeding likely . Powdered wigs and leg stockings sum up the bizarre nature of the staying power of this novel . It 's about time that High School English teachers stopped telling one another how * good * this book is , and read it themselves , without the Norton Critical Teacher 's Edition beside them . Especially when they have the advantage of alcoholic beverages .
 The kindle text is fine , but please be alerted that the link provided to get the free audiobook takes you to some japanese website that has nothing to do with Great Expectations that I could find .
 as for most of the `` adults '' who have read this book and think it is amazing , i can understand that they never had to read it . when you read a book like this and it is drilled into your head , and you have to go over every single detail , the book becomes a drag to read and looses all interest after the 2nd chapter . this book was difficult to understand , with the run-on sentences and plots that seemed to have no end . this book is way too long to be enjoyable in the way many people say . i do n't understand how someone can say this book was a thriller , it does n't even come close to being mysterious or scary . it does come together nicely at the end but that could 've happened much earlier in the book , this book seems like it never ends , and i 'm glad people are allowed to display their opinions about books weather they are positive or negative , it shows potential buyers how they may feel if they were to read the book . I would n't suggest this book to anyone unless you have a lot of time on your hands and are old enough to understand the whole thing . I thought this was a complete bore .
 I know this is a classics which is why I wanted to read it , but I just could n't get there . It just was n't for me
 I had to read this for honors freshman English , and now my AP English class is considering reading it again for whatever unGodly reason . In classical Dickens style , Chuck makes a good social commentary or stirs some good emotions , yet does it way too slowly . The plot speeds and dies down , goes somewhere sometimes and goes nowhere even faster more often , and brings up characters who have no real purpose . Dickens is accused of being `` wordy , '' and I see why
 I was forced to read this in school and despised it with a passion . I read it again recently , for some reason , and was surprised at how much I liked it . I guess the reason I did n't like the first time was because I was forced to read it ; it 's that ` Peace forced is tyranny ' mentality .
 Well , I am reading this book in my english class at school , and it puts everybody to sleep ! First of all , if Estella hit me like she did pip , I would have hit her back !! All the women in this book seem like stuck up b **** es ! Even the movie was n't the best . I figured it would have made more sense than the book did , but I was wrong ! You can barely understand what they say ! Well , I just do n't like the book , or the movie . I think they were both stupid , and neither of them make sense !!
 I simply expected this book to be greater than it was . It just was n't great , and that 's what I expected . It did not greatly exceed my expectations , but I should have expected that , since others told me to expect a not-so-great book .
 I enjoy Dickens , so when I decided to read Great Expectations , I had just that ... Great expectations . Unfortunately , this novel is the most boring tripe I 've ever read . The ` hero ' is nothing but a whiner with a ` poor me ' complex.Don ' t waste your time , read one of Dickens ' other books .
 To start this book is so dry it could catch on fire . Also description in the book , ha there is none to be spoken of . This book has been called Charles Dickens greatest novel , not even close , save your time , and money for buying a better book .
 I had to read this book for my English class and at first it was so boring ! It about a young boy named Pip and he is trying to find his true indentity . At the end of the first phase he goes to London to become a `` gentleman '' because that is what his benefactor wants -LRB- Pip does n't know his benefactor -RRB- . At the end of the 2nd phase , he finds out who his benefactor is . Those two phases in the book are really boring , but I think it gets better in the end . If you read this book I suggest that you just start in the third phase because the rest is boring .
 Boring , pointless story of a pathetic imbecile whose life seems to be not much more than a bizarre journey through an insane asylum . I just ca n't believe that this story was preceded by `` A Tale of Two Cities '' , which is an absolute masterwork of a historical novel - I can not believe they were written by the same person !
 I along with the rest of my freshman honors english class was forced to read this book . It was BY FAR the worst book I 've ever had to read . I along with half of my class could read no more than one page of it without falling into a deep slumber . I 'm getting sleepy just thinking about it . Anyway , if someone does want to buy this book for some strange reason , I hope that they do not have Great Expectations for it , because they will be very disappointed at the end when their expectations are n't fulfilled !
 On my home planet of Mars , books that we do not enjoy , we refer to as lunch . We had `` Great Expectations '' before the matinee last week . The matinee was `` Smoky the Cowhorse . '' It was Martian Thanksgiving , so `` Awful -LRB- great -LRB- yeah right ! -RRB- -RRB- Expectations '' was a good choice , because it is so freakin ' long , and low in cholesterol . I am on a strictly bad classics diet . The Martian Major Leagues starts today , so I grilled a warthog.One of the reasons that I found this book -LRB- in terms of literature , not food -RRB- so disturbing is because the Martian term for a hemmohroid is a pip . In terms of food , it could have used a bit more seasoning , like a trip to Denmark . Of course , they did n't actually go to Denmark . If instead of being named `` Magwitch '' the convict had been called Bozo the Clown , and gave Pip balloon animals instead of money , I would have enjoyed the book much more.But , the thing that ticked me off the most -LRB- and Auntie , too ! -RRB- was the way that Dickens never ended his sentences
 Charles Dickens ... when the name comes to mind at first we think of a great author , but this absolutely pointless book disgraces his name . It brings me down to the point of feeling sory for the trees to which this book had to be printed . This book is entirely over-rated and just due to dicken 's reputation for great work , we 're supposed to just read the trash and nod our heads ? Absolutely not . This book might be interesting to someone chained to a palm tree on a deserted island but to the remaining other i would tell them to not waste their time by reading this book .
 I read this book for my Honors English class and it was terrible ! There were so many irrelevant things that were going on that I had to force myself to read 2 chapters a day . The test for Great Expectations was hard because no one could understand the plot . Just imagine a bunch of straight A students getting an average of 75 % on the test . This book is outdated , and old English seems as if it is an entire different language . I would give this a negative rating if I could .
 On my home planet of Mars , books that we do not enjoy , we refer to as lunch . We had `` Great Expectations '' before the matinee last week . The matinee was `` Smoky the Cowhorse . '' It was Martian Thanksgiving , so `` Awful -LRB- great -LRB- yeah right ! -RRB- -RRB- Expectations '' was a good choice , because it is so freakin ' long , and low in cholesterol . I am on a strictly bad classics diet . The Martian Major Leagues starts today , so I grilled a warthog.One of the reasons that I found this book -LRB- in terms of literature , not food -RRB- so disturbing is because the Martian term for a hemmohroid is a pip . In terms of food , it could have used a bit more seasoning , like a trip to Denmark . Of course , they did n't actually go to Denmark . If instead of being named `` Magwitch '' the convict had been called Bozo the Clown , and gave Pip balloon animals instead of money , I would have enjoyed the book much more.But , the thing that ticked me off the most -LRB- and Auntie , too ! -RRB- was the way that Dickens never ended his sentences
 I was required to read this book for english class and I must say it is by far the worst book I have ever read . I know that it is supposed to be a `` classic '' but I just found it dull and uninteresting and just could n't get into it . I would not recommend it .
 This book was a very big disappontmet . I thought this book could have had a couple minor plot changes . I also thought the way the main charictor , Pip , transfored through his expectations was shallow and padanthic . To conclude , I belive that the chapters are cycled like story line with many charictors and an entire chapter with Pip talking to himself and talking about his expectations . Thank you for reading my review .
 Wow , had to buy this for class . It was , by far , the worse story I have ever read . Why would they make you read this for school ?! Run away !
 I started reading this over a month ago and I 'm still not finished . I ca n't get into it at all ! It 's like a really boring nightmare ! I mean , the parts that take place at Satis House are mildly interesting , but no part of it seems to be building up to anything . The story moves so slowly that at times you 'd swear it was n't moving at all , and , to be sure , at times , it is n't ! It 's just sitting there in its stupid rocking chair knitting and petting its cat by the fire , which is n't even burning ! OMG!You want to read something fast paced and interesting?Try Daniel White 's Hellstone , available right here at amazon.com -LRB- plug -RRB- . Now that 's a good book . White 's influences span the ages , and do n't skip Victorian , if that 's what you 're into , which you obviously are , or why would you be here?Don ' t get me wrong . I like Victorian literature . A Christmas Carol is a very good story , as is Dracula , and Frankenstein , and most of Poe 's works . It 's just this particular book that I do n't like ... and anything by Jane Austen.In conclusion , buy Hellstone . You 'll be happy you did .
 I have been a great reader my entire life , having read and enjoyed many classics as well as the modern books of today , but never in my life have I had such a difficult time getting through a book . I usually fly through novels within a few days , but getting through this one is likened to going through a maze in the dark . I give it two stars because I do think the plot was interesting , but the execution was abominably horrible . I actually had to have a dictionary next to me in order to understand all the weird words Dickens used , words such as ` peppercorny ' and ` farinaceous . ' Now , I usually pride myself on having quite an excellent English vocabulary , but I felt utterly lost when trying to read this book . Some of the dialogue was completely unfathomable and pointless , and about a quarter of the time I did not have a clue as to what he were talking about . Many of the characters were annoying , Mr. Pumblechook for example . I cringed during the chapter when he saw Pip , after Pip had become a gentleman , and the stupid man kept saying `` May I ? May I ? '' Ugh . There was so much this book could have done with out ; the endless pointless descriptions , the useless minor characters , and the stupidity of some of them was unbearable . What I mean by that is Miss Havisham 's voluntary reclusive existence ; I mean , how can somebody live like that without going completely insane , just sitting in the dark day after day , wearing the same clothes , and throwing her life away for a man who was only after her money ? Stupid and lame that was , if mildly noble -LRB- her behavior -RRB- . I can not understand why Dickens is so praised as a writer . His plot may be good in this book , but it is terribly written . I have made two attempts in my life to read this book . The first time , I got about halfway through and had to stop because it was about as enjoyable as plucking my eyebrows . A few years later , the second attempt got me to about the 42nd chapter , but again , my interest fizzled out . I do not think I will ever finish this book , and would only advise reading it if you have trouble sleeping , because it will knock you out fast . As a final note , I could not get through Oliver Twist either . Again , a great plot , but poorly written .
 Reading GREAT EXPECTATIONS as a 14 year old high school student in 1967 helped me acquire a clearer understanding of the concept of infinity . Eternity could never be as long as this book , which I endured to its soporific , boring end . I recommend it to hold up the end of a busted sofa !
 I hate this book . It is extremely boring and it is way too long . There are too many characters to keep track of and many of them are extremely similar . Do not read this unless forced to . I like to read , but this nearly put me to sleep . avoid at all costs
 You guys should never read this book everCharles Dickens just goes on and on trying to make a point that you can do in a sentence . He takes the whole chapter . I do n't recomend this for anyone . Only read it if forced to . It is not a good book .
 I was assigned to read this book for my English class and I have never read a more stupendously boring book.It 's almost 500 pages long and has a story that could be told in half that.A poor , young orphan has aspirations to one day be a respectable gentleman.Big deal . GE is a revered book but it lacks everything that makes a book truly great.There is very little theme or characterisation and the plot is virtually non existant.THe chapters are so long and meandering you have to force yourself to read them.You keep reading waiting for something , anything to happen . The characters are unlikable.Pip comes across as a snob who thinks he 's he 's better then those around simply because he has higher aspirations then they do.Ms.Havisham , a recluse who wears her old wedding dress and keeps her decayed , untouched wedding cake , is a weird , unappealing freak.And Estella is the dictionary definition of bitchy . Why do English students have to suffer by being made read thisboring , incomprehensible , overrated ` novel ' . I 'd rather watch paint dry then read this book again . Still , any insomniacs looking for a cure.This book 's for you .
 i am sorry but this book was boring , in my opinion of course . i was forced to read it in english . this is one of those books that i had to physically sit myself down and force myself to read it . i did n't like a majority of this book and i 'm glad we are done reading it .
 Who really cares about a man that continually nods his head ? Who cares about a freak that has a decomposing wedding cake in her house ? Who cares about a maniacal convict who develops an unnaturally strong bond to a young boy with an obnoxious name ? But moreover what the hell was Charles Dickens thinking !?!
 The book was so stupid Pip should have just got a life and grow up . Like he really cared about Miss Havisham he only liked her for her money , and Estella . Besides if you ask me it was the dumbest book I have ever read I should ' t have ever wasted my time like that .
 I had to read this book for an English Honors class and I totally hated it ! This is the worst , yet ! I do n't understand why students have to read classics that people rarely understand ! I thought the book was pointless with nothing to look forward to while you 're reading . Many books have a strong structure and basis where you want to know what will happen next , which keeps you reading on . This story has no meaning and Charles Dickens is going no where with this . Not to mention the characters are just plaing weird . Where in the world did Dickens get a bizarre lady like Miss Havisham , who is practically ill in the head ? I would never recommend this book because it was boring , time consuming , and I can rarely consentrate on what I was reading . I 'm glad I got over reading this . I 'm sure the only people who read this book is the ones who are forced to , like myself . If I can give this book 's rating as a no star , I would . Too bad it only comes in 1-5 stars .
 TOO LONG , IT SUCKED !!
 i havent read it yet but it shows diskousting : -RRB- I hate this book and i hope my mates of aal < vasos > help me finisk it.Chill out
 this has got to be the worst book i have ever read . first off , for me , the storyline shure cured my insomnia . you will get bored from the first paragraph . his sentences are difficult to understand and very lengthy . my sugestion , borrow from the library before you consider buying this book .
 Charles Dickens and this book are very overrated . Charles Dickens does not make anysense in this book . Very confusing . The talks about the same subject forever . I skipped a whole chapter and he was still talking about the same thing . I give this book a minus 200 on a scale from 1-5 .
 Just think of all the trees cut down to make all the additions of this classicly boring novel . This ranks with Catch-22 and Huckleberry Fin as one of the worst novels yet published in the English language . Was there a plot ? No . Do n't kid yourself . The fool author made it up as he went along not caring if it made sense or if the characters had any meaning . I hate this novel with a passion so great it scares even me . I 'd like to see all copies burned . Okay , not really . That 's a little extreme . But , at least take this garbage out of school curriculums . Its ' making us stupid , making us believe Pip 's world is what the world really is . Pip if a fool that got dumped too many times and where 's the sex . Was Dickens scared of it . I believe that all great novels should have sex in them . It brings some humanity to them . Great Expectations is a fantasy on level with the Bible but worse , tragicly worse .
 Great Expectations was a mediocre book . I was not impressed . I had to read this book for my 9th grade honors English class . It was too long and boring . I see were Dickens was trying to go with the suspense , but it just made the book monotonous and boring . The uncanny coincidences just did not seem real . It 's ok to use a coincidence as a tool of suspense , but this was just overkill . Every chapter was boring . I got tired pretty quickly of pip wishing he were with Estella for the whole book . Also , the book seemed to stray away from the main point for chapters at a time . Who cares about Wemmick 's stupid plays ? This could all be summed up in a couple of page short story . In conclusion , this is another swing and a miss for Dickens . STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS BOOK ! If you want to read a good Dickens story , read `` A Christmas Carol '' and nothing else written by Charles Dickens .
 My daughter had to read this for an extra credit assignment . It was brutal for me as much as it was for her , listening to her complain about how boring it was . If you like this type of classic writing you might enjoy it but for a 15 year old it didnt seem like the right book to get them interested in reading .
 I did not like this book . I was unable to finish it . It started off slow and there was nothing about it that was `` great . ''
 It is an insult to any reader who wants to enjoy Dickens 's books . It has been severely abridged -LRB- with a very inconspicuous mention of the fact -RRB- for no obvious reason . It also has an asinine foreword by some dubious character . Do not touch it if you like literature !
 This was the worst book that I have ever read in my entire life . I dont know why anyone would want to read this for fun . I had to read it for a summer reading book . If you dont have to read this dont !
 i ordered it december 19 , 2010 and it said i would get it between december 27th - january 11th ... everytime i have ever ordered anything on amazon i have always gotten prompt service ... it is now january 10th and nothing yet
 I had to read this book over the summer . I like the beginning and towards the middle , but actually when I was reaching the end , it became extremely boring and lengthy . Overall , I did n't like this book as much as I heard about it .
 The book was long boring and hard to understand
 I had to read this book a few years ago for an advanced English class and I hate the book . I think its awful that I was forced to read what amounted to an 18th century serial out of a tabloid.The reason the book is filled with so much meaningless drivel is that Dickens was paid for each installment and the longer the series lasted the longer he had a steady job , At least thats my theory . I just wish I could ask the dead author some questions like Why did n't you let Pip grow the Hell up ? That poor me , I 'm a country peasant with no friends act got real tired real quick . Second question Where in his warped imagination did he get Ms. Havishom ? News flash ! Anyone who did so many terrible things because a man left her was mentally unstable before she met the jerk which explains why he left her . Oh and one more thing if your a feminists -LRB- like me -RRB- this book will get you upset enough . The only women in the book are either crazy old hags or out right bitches . It certainly says a lot about male Victorian sensibilities !!
 I looked forward to reading a classic of Dicken 's . Like the title , Great Expectations were had , but not realized . None of the characters were likable , there was no character growth , and it rambled . I have taken great joy in reading Nathaniel Hawthorne , Mark Twain , and even Tolkien . At least Tolkien went on and on , it was with purpose and there was a point . Dickens ' point was to say that life sucks and there is no point . In which case , what is the point of reading this book ?
 had to read this for school and found it very boring . unless you like things being dragged out then do not read this . good plot but overly explanitive .
 By far the worst literary blunder the world has ever excreted . I would never wish this horific mass of boredom upon anyone . Avoid this book like the black plauge -LRB- another one of Europe 's tragedies -RRB- .
 I was force-fed this book in 2 weeks . I then failed the test over it , because in my fervent reading , I forgot to pay attention . The plot is too complex and the characters too numerous to enjoy just reading the book . The plot drags in places , then speeds in others . I remembered why I do n't read Dickens .
 Do not give this book as a gift . It will disappoint . I am still looking for a high quality illustrated version of Great Expectations . However , I can vouch for the vendor who offered a low price and shipped promptly .
 HOW I JUDGE A CLASSIC
 Like many other reviewers , I have been dragged into reading this book by a literature class . The story line is mildly interesting , but most of the book contains fluff that is pointless and you just have to suffer through . The language is also very difficult to understand and not a `` skimmable '' book , by any means . If you really insist on reading this book , I would suggest getting the SparkNotes or the Cliff Notes . They tell you all you need to know
 I ca n't understand how anyone can stand to read this dribble . A `` Book '' consisting of 50 pages of people standing around talking reads more like a court transcript than a `` great novel . '' If you own this book , burn it .
 I love to read great books like BRAVE NEW WORLD by Aldous Huxley or FAR FROM THE MADDING CROWD by Thomas Hardy . I love THE AENEID by Virgil , THE ODYSSEY by Homer . I read both long versions of LES MISERABLES and THE HUNCHBACK OF NORTE DAME by Victor Hugo . I read THE RISE AND FALL OF THE ROMAN EMPIRE by Gibbons and gained much knowledge from doing so . I LOVE TO READ.But GREAT EXPECTATIONS was a GREAT DISAPPOINTMENT ! I was somewhat amused until chapter ten where I felt the book became psycho-babble . I was also disappointed in TALE OF TWO CITIES . I could not endure the first two chapters ! Dickens did a fine job on THE CHRISTMAS CAROL . But I will NEVER read another of his books !
 I thought the book was boring and the worst I haveever read . It was long and just boring . The characterswere confusing and had so many names that the book went by.I think Charles Dickens was not a smart man for writingthis book . He could have summed the book up a lot . He usedlong word that some times were had to say.The characters were pretty good to follow by with the different names . Pip was easy to follow as he aged . I thought that Mrs. Joe was a big meaniey . Joe was the nice guy and Estella was a snob in the beginning but shaped up in the end .
 For some reason I missed Dickens when I was a child , so I decided to catch up on one of the great works of the English canon . I 'm sorry -- I know that by critical accord he 's one of the finest and most influential of all English writers . And I understand the important work that he did in publicising social justice causes such as child labour . But I find his prose ornate and contrived , his plot slow-moving and predictable , and his characters implausibly one-dimensional . In my opinion Dickens does not pass the test of time .
 This book was a piece of poop . I hated it and I suggest no one read it ... ever . -LRB- :
 This book reminds me of algebra , its boring , time-consuming , worthless , and you will never have to use this in your whole life . Never ! So when you 're teacher asks you to read this book , do n't do it . Read the Cliff Notes or watch the Wishbone version .
 In this coming of age documentation , you will find disappointment at every turn . Dickens ' tedious descriptions and constant indecision on how the plot should turn makes the novel lose it 's potential merit.Thousands of scholars and other readers have lauded Great Expectations as the finest Dickens ' work of all time . The fact remains that it appears Dickens could not decide whether to make this a tragedy or an `` all 's well that ends well '' happy-go-lucky type of story . This is proven by his change of the original ending . However , any reader could give testimony of feeling `` yanked , strung along , or thrown about '' from page one as they wonder just what Dickens wants them to think about Pip and his less-than remarkable life . Should we sympathize , feel disgust , be concerned ? Does he deserve Estella 's scorn or is he a victim of circumstance?The more you read of this cryptic novel the more you grow to understand that Dickens does n't know what his novel is about , either . The entire book seems to vary by the chapter . And the fact that the plot has a potentially good story behind it that Dickens does n't care to elaborate on makes the entire thing a bit more tedious for the take.The fact remains that Dickens is a fabulous story-teller . He has accurate , unjaded descriptions , refreshing , occassionally bitter , sometimes triumphant plots , and enough suspense to keep you reading throughout the night . It 's just that none of that takes place in Great Expectations.Holly Burke , PhD.Clinical Psychologist , Abnormal Psych . ProffessorGeorgetown University
 This is often listed as a reading requirement for college and high school classes alike , I read it in college . But there are other great stories that Dickens has done such as `` A Christmas Carol '' and `` A Tale of Two Cities '' and I am unsure why this one is always required reading.The story itself is mildly interesting and the characters and dialogue are unrealistic . There were many times that I felt like I was visiting an insane asylum.Dickens is labeled as a classic author , and often that gives reader 's pre-conceived notions that his novels must be good . But even the best of author 's can have a mess-up every now and then and `` Great Expectations '' is certainly not one that I would recommend reading .
 I know , I know ... I 'm just a stupid high school student who 's brain has been fried by television . I was forced to read this novel in 11th grade and I could n't finish it . Must be because I play too many video games , right?I 'm a freshman in college now , and I still hate Dickens . Do n't write me off as a slack-jawed Gen-Xer though , because I 've read some pretty heavy stuff -LRB- Faulkner , Montaigne , Steinbeck , Salinger , Dumas , Hemingway , Vonnegut , Tolkien -RRB- and loved it . I eat up Mark Twain ; `` A Connecticut Yankee '' was a page-turner for me , and `` Huck Finn '' is my all-time favorite book . I just do n't like Dickens ' writing style , which he shares with most other Victorian novelists
 I am currently being forced to read this book for my Honors English class in high school . I 've already read it once before for a different class , so I know what I am talking about when I say this book is the ultimate cure for insomnia.I honestly try to appreciate what is * supposed * to be fine literature , but `` Great Expectations '' is about as entertaining as watching kale grow . First off , the fact that this book has two endings inspires a bit of skepticism in me . I 've never heard of an author so indecisive that he would put two endings in a novel . It creates a generally unsatisfying conclusion , as you 're at a loss for which ending to `` accept '' . Aside from which , this book has enough useless passages to fill a hundred pages or so . It seems that , basically , Dickens did n't quite know exactly what to write about , but felt the urge to * write * * something * . So he wrote `` Great Expectations '' , following the traditional poor-boy formula of his previous 15 or so books.I find it especially hilarious that none of my teachers have ever even read the bloody novel , but it 's `` good '' according to the curriculum . In the words of someone from a certain other Charles Dickens book , `` Bah ! Humbug ! '' . Do n't judge Dickens by this book , however . `` David Copperfield '' , for example , even though it follows the same `` poor-boy '' formula , is worlds better than this.As much as I 'd love to say , `` Oh , it 's a classic , everyone should read it ! '' , I personally do n't think so .
 Great Expectations must have been what the readers of Dickens ' serial publication must have had when they first read it , and I have to wonder if they were as disappointed as I was after slogging all the way through to the skewed , disjointed , and extremely contrived ending . This was written as a serial , not a novel , and I think Dickens -LRB- and his readers -RRB- would have benefited from a rewrite before publication in novel form.If ever there was a novel that set out to have no meaning , no core , no arc , and most of all , no satisfaction , it must be Great Expectations . The novel 's title clearly states Dickens ' perspective and intention ; that great expectations in life will be met by great -LRB- and bitter -RRB- disappointment , and the greater the expectation , the greater your disappointment in life will be . The idea that a woman jilted at the altar will spend her life grooming a young girl to make other young men 's lives miserable , is a contrived , almost paranoid idea from a male 's perspective . Mrs. Havershim 's great expectations for life were dashed , because instead of moving on to meet a better man , she chooses to become a shut-in and ruin a young man 's expectations for life . However , if it seems that Dickens is building towards some kind of message about not having overblown expectations and then being bitter if they do n't work out , the reader is to be disappointed . Dickens goes out of his way not to make this point or any point , but to make a grimly sad tale bereft of any kind of compass or solace for either the characters or the reader.Pip , the protagonist , survives his encounter with the damaged Estella , who had been deliberately damaged by Havershim to be `` unable to love '' . The ending , in which he encounters her again briefly and is glad she is able to have the heart to `` understand his heart as it was '' , is unbelievable , pompous and drowning in its own self-pity , all at the same time . It also feels as if Dickens took a perfunctory way to get out of a story that had meandered its way away from him.Great Expectations must be the most disappointing , overblown `` classic '' novel I have ever read , not because it does n't have a happy ending , but because of the way that Dickens has created his characters and shapeless mess of a story , and presented it in the most abrasive fashion possible . I was relieved at the end to have finished it , not satisfied , not sad , and certainly not edified . There is nothing to learn or grow from in this novel ; it has made me less of a Dickens fan . And that is the most disappointing result of reading it .
 I 'm surprised that this book is a requirement in highschool . I had to read it in my upper division English Lit class in college and I just could n't get into it . There are way too many retarded characters on which Dickens spends too much time , Pip gets more annoying with every page , especially his love for Estella who is one of the most disgusting characters in the book . I 've read Jane Eyre before this and it was a real page turner . This is plain boring .
 Great Expectations has a few interesting characters . I 'll give it that . Magwitch and Miss Havisham are definitely original and entertaining . But everyone else is pretty bland.Pip 's love for Estella is rather pathetic . Why he would love such a despicable person is beyond me . This fact alone makes Pip difficult to relate to , and thus not a very good choice for the point-of-view character.But the one thing that absolutely ruins this book is the clutter of coincidences . One of the first rules of fiction writing is NO COINCIDENCES . And Dickens goes out of his way to break this rule . Over . And Over . And Over.Really , it is not a very good book . Please do not wasted your money on it -LRB- although there are a LOT of pages , so it could last you months as toilet paper
 After having finished the novel and feeling uncertain as to what was meant by the ambiguous ending , I did some research in some critical journals . Lo and behold , I came to find that the sentence , as published in this edition , is NOT what was supposed to have been written . Doubtless it is a -LRB- large -RRB- typographical error , but it changed the entire ending of the novel . Shameful to have happened , particularly for a book that markets itself towards classrooms and reading groups.The only good thing that developed from this experience is that through my research I discovered an alternate ending that Dickens had originally intended to use . Reading about the controversy between the two endings was interesting . Aladdin 's nonsensical third ending was not . Further , it makes me wonder what else in the story was horribly wrong ... Great novel , but do n't buy it from Aladdin . I wo n't be buying anything further from them in the future .
 I 'd heard Chuck was one of them super writers but they talked all kinds of funny in this here book . I did n't understand a plum thing he was a tryin ' to say . I reckon this book is for them smarty pants types .
 This book is so boring , I have to read it for my Honors Preparation English Liturature and Writing Class . It is really difficult to understand also .
 I wanted to start collecting the Penguin Classics hardcover editions , and I needed this book for a class so I bought it , and I guess I 'm glad I had n't bought a couple other novels to round out my purchase ! The cover was rubbing off by the time it arrived to me , in a padded box . However the print on the cover is made , it is done very shoddily and could n't handle being on a shelf , much less being read . I am very unhappy indeed . Phooey on whoever came up with this .
 I was greatly disappointed with the way this classic story was printed . The typing errors throughout the book ie.words that all ran into each other , and even pages of the story missing , made what should have been a pleasant read into a chore to finish it.I had looked forward to re-reading all the old school classics on my new Kindle but if the conversion of the old publications to e-readers are of the same standard , then I will not want to do so.I fear that `` Oliver will not be asking for more '' unless the recipe is improved.I have rated it only one star , not because of Dickens Story but because it was spoiled for me by it 's typing .
 I am no english literature purist by any stretch of the imagination but I did have high hopes for this book.The characters are realistic to the period but the story is very slow . The first half of the book is little better than boring . It picks up through the second half but finishes rather disappointingly.This book was purchased after a book club suggested it was Dickens ' greatest work . Having read David Copperfield a number of years ago I would have to disagree.I am glad I read the book even if the only thing I got out of it was to be able to relate to it when others are discussing it .
 I bought this book on Amazon about a year or so ago & just was really turned off by how much writing they cramed into even one page & the font is pretty small , it turned me off to the point that I never did even read the book , to those that did , hope it was good .
 A great reading but the sixteen discs are not labeled as to chapters on the disc nor are there any liner notes . You must play the disc and wait for the chapter to be mentioned during the reading . I do not see why they would have left these necessary conveniences out . Very inconvenient .
 Like many other reviewers , I read this book because it is a requirement in many English classes . Although the plot becomes interesting at times , the majority of it is filler . The book is filled with pointless characters and chapters devoted to run-ons of Pip 's thoughts.Because the book was written so long ago , it is also very difficult to connect with . The character relationships are annoying . The romance between Pip and Estella becomes very hard to believe , because Estella is not a likable person . And the dialect is very unbelievable . It is hard to picture someone using Joe 's speech patterns , even in old English times.While there are probably many people who will enjoy this novel , I would not suggest this book to someone looking for a quick read -LRB- meaning high school students -RRB- . It is very difficult to skim and requires alot of time to appreciate . If you have a lot of time on your hands and you enjoy long , character developing novels this book may be for you .
 I found this book hard to read and hard to comprehend . The book is about a boy named Pip and his rise from lowly to gentlemanly status . Along the way , he manages to alienate his friends and he learns some valuable lessons about friendship in the end . The way the sentences are written and structured made it difficult for me to understand everything that was going on . Many of the sentences would be considered run-on today .
 Normally , I enjoy Catherine Coulter 's books very much - up until I read this book I believed I could buy any of her books without being concerned about if I would like it . Unfortunately , this book did not live up to her prior novels.The plot line was imaginative and should have been exciting - I am usually unable to put one of her books down and I finish it in a couple of days - this book took me more than two weeks to get through . The characters were flat and even by the end of the book I really did n't care what happened to them . Definitely not the reaction she was going for during the final chapters!Overall , I would have to say that I really did not like this book . My recommendation would be to purchase any one of her other novels .
 This is the first book I 've read by this author and I honestly do n't know if I will try another.This book was lacking in a lot of ways . I did n't find the relationship between the two main characters engaging at all and by the end of the book I found I did n't care at all what happened to any of them ...
 While I have to admit the plot is more than interesting , everything else -LSB- stunk -RSB- . There are too many things that bothered me about this . First of all , when did the hero and heroine decide they loved each other ; when he took her on the lawn or when he took her in the pool knowing what others would think when they found her panties ? I understand the bad men being so aweful , but if he is supposed to be the good guy , how could he treat her just like they do ? What the hell does she see in him anyways , ever ? So what , he is great in bed . I guess it 's up to us to assume they had qualities worth loving other than sex . Second , when and how did Rafeal 's mother and Cocoa meet ? How did they correspond without Mr. Meannie finding out ? I do n't think that was ever mentioned . I feel like I never got to know the characters , except for a little bit of history . This thing only deserves one star because the plot was good and interesting . Other than that , I did n't like it .
 I 've enjoyed many of Catherine Coulter 's books , but this is not one of them . This book was filled with chapter after chapter of debasing thoughts of chauvinistic men . The whole story seemed to revolve around how many times you can insult and humiliate the women , including the heroine .
 I picked this book up at an airport never having read Coulter before . Her descriptions are unimaginative and repetitive . What could have been a great story is dulled by the flat characters , boring dialog and inconsistent pace .
 This book is boring , stupid and borderline porn . Catherine Coulter needs to hang it up .
 Only a NON-Doors fan , with no previous knowledge of the band , could give this book 5 stars.I am a long time Doors fan . I 've read numerous books on the Doors over the years . I give this book one star because there is nothing new or original here . I 've read it all before in other books . It 's apparent the author did no new research of his own , and simply borrowed from other books on the Doors . Davis does n't hesitate to repeat the same old incorrect history or fabricated stories on the Doors either.Don ' t waste your money on this one . Unless you 've been living under a rock and never read any other Doors book in your life .
 This is perhaps the best written of all the Jim Morrison bio 's . Davis ' prose is truly a pleasure to read . But unfortunately , the fun stops there . Almost every quote that he uses is lifted from other source material . On top of that , despite the odd new nugget on Morrison , everything here has been covered already . I had hoped Davis would bring new perspectives on Jim from people who had n't already been in all the other bios ; or at least had n't been focused on much in other bios . `` Life , Death , Legend '' just throws the other books into a blender and puts a new cover on the amalgamation .
 If you wonder whether this book might be the `` last word '' on Morrison , I am here to tell you that it has no footnotes and no index . There is a bibliography of `` selected sources '' without page citations , and a list of acknowledgments which includes Albert Goldman -LRB- author of LIVES OF JOHN LENNON -RRB- and Victor Bockris -LRB- author of unauthorized bios of Lou Reed and Patti Smith -RRB- . Certain sections are good ; for instance , a few pages about dysfunctional military families and how the children sometimes have difficulty adjusting to the `` outside world . '' This is general information , though , and it could be wholly irrelevant . It 's just offered by Davis as a likely factor in Morrison 's abnormal development . There 's talk of sexual abuse , Beat literature and a trip to the cinema to see REBEL WITHOUT A CAUSE.Overall , the reporting does not seem trustworthy , no matter how much of it is `` true . '' 1 -RRB- Davis frequently asserts a special knowledge of Morrison 's mind and body without substantiating his statements . 2 -RRB- Given a choice between reporting or holding back on a scandalous piece of gossip that ca n't be proved true , he 'll report it -LRB- with qualifiers in parentheses , or as the `` belief '' of some person who knew Jim -RRB- . Well , his choices do make the book more interesting , but they also show a lack of respect for his subject and his audience.If you dip into Something Weird Video 's DVD of MONDO MOD & THE HIPPIE REVOLT , the audio commentaries by Johnny Legend -LRB- a Sunset Strip refugee of the late 60s -RRB- can enlighten you further about Morrison and his essentially unknowable nature . Everyone from that place and time seems to have a first-hand tale about meeting Morrison somewhere and failing to communicate with him , as he was blotto on drugs , booze and self-absorption . This book carries on the tradition , falling into the rut of a thousand other rock-bios , in which a `` rock star '' is half public image , half his clandestine & recreational pursuit of `` kicks , '' with no inner life apart from what might bear on his outward excesses . MORRISON
 This has got to be one of the most inacurate books out there.First off the man ca n't label pictures correctly.Did he not take the time or care enough to label them correct ? . There is nothing new here maybe except for a few odds and ends.He is just basically going into things weve already read inother books , trying to put them into his own words and such.This is indeed embarrasing -- for the author
 He died in Paris in 1971 under suspicious circumstances , leaving behind a very confused legacy of ex-lovers , rich music and bizarre contradictions . Like Marilyn Monroe , Princess Di and other celebrities who died young and beautiful , Jim Morrison is still a subject of fascination.Unfortunately , Stephen Davis does n't do him justice in `` Jim Morrison
 I 've read practically every bio on Jim , from the original , albeit suspect pulp , `` No One Here Gets Out Alive , '' to Davis ' new addition to the funeral pyre , `` Jim Morrison
 He died in Paris in 1971 under suspicious circumstances , leaving behind a very confused legacy of ex-lovers , rich music and bizarre contradictions . Like Marilyn Monroe , Princess Di and other celebrities who died young and beautiful , Jim Morrison is still a subject of fascination.Unfortunately , Stephen Davis does n't do him justice in `` Jim Morrison
 The book is basically a composite of many other Morrison books that have already come out , and the form basically rips off No One Here Gets Out Alive in terms of structure and layout . Obviously , since No One Here Gets Out Alive came out nearly twenty years ago , Davis had the benefit of adding various other stories that had n't surfaced publicly back in the late 1970s and early 1980s , but that does n't necessarily make this book particularly groundbreaking or a fountain of new information . Serious Morrison affectionados will have already read about most of what is in this book , save perhaps for some various passages about the Lizard King 's rumored homosexual encounters . Davis admittedly presents nothing that runs counter to or challenges previous assertions of Morrison and his private life in terms of the basic facts and chronology , so there 's really little point to the book . Particularly since Morrison 's life story had already been more than amply chronicled by the time Davis got around to writing this . In short , Davis really has nothing new to say , so why bother ?
 Awaited over 6 months for this book to be published and was let down almost immediately . Almost all but 2 pictures have been published before and the story itself has already been covered by previous bios . Still , it 's an ok read for the uninitiated , but for those who have read other Morrison bios , there is nothing new covered here -- except maybe that the surviving Doors were not the best friends with Morrison that they now make themselves out to be . One glaring error was the author has Morrison arriving in Paris in June '71 when in fact he had been living there since March . Would 've loved new info from post-Miami to July '71 and would 've loved to have seen rare photos from that time .
 Nothing new . And who did the edit ?
 The program for this evening is not new , you 've seen this entertainment through and through.-Jim Morrison.Stephen Davis is the author of the acclaimed Led Zeppelin biography Hammer of the Gods , so it was probably a no-brainer for someone to think he would write the definitive biography of Doors singer Jim Morrison . Unfortunately , that 's not what happened . Jim Morrison is a derivative biography relying on the interview and research of previous biographies . It was the Morrison biography No One Here Gets Out Alive that got me excited about The Doors . However , this book provokes no such excitement about The Doors . At times , it does n't even seem as if Davis gave The Doors catalog a thorough listening as he claims that on Roadhouse Blues Lonnie Brooks played guitar and that you can hear Morrison yell `` do it Lonnie , do it ! '' when it 's clearly `` do it Robby , do it ! '' Referring to Doors guitarist Robby Krieger . When Davis does seem to show up for the writing of this biography , it 's to claim Jim Morrison was a closeted homosexual based on the evidence that he hung out with some famous homosexual poets . This , at best , seems ridiculous . I bought this book when it first came out . After reading it , I gave the book to a cute girl neither of which I saw again . It 's unfortunate about the girl .
 As with other reviews i must agree , there is not much new material or insight , though what is presented is well written , another book entitlted '' the end '' was researched on a personal budget , but seems to convey alot more ground work of the authors doing , has to much time passed and no one wants to co operate anymore ? its been over 30 years , im sure the clues and memories of all involved are drying up to a point , a good read of something that is already out there , i was hoping for more insight .
 Mr. Davis seems to want to have it both ways . He presents Morrison as an amoral and heavy disturbed alcoholic by urges the reader to take him seriously as a poet . Davis condemns Morrison in spite of himself . Page after page he portrays Morrison drinking and throwing up on people . He shows his bandmates bitterly complaining -LRB- and rightfully so -RRB- about how he was almost useless as a collaborator . And yet by the end we are supposed to think of him as a great poet and a fine human being and an effective rebel against the war in Vietnam . Morrison 's poetry by any objective standard was an artless mish-mash of pseudo-Buddhist bathroom graffiti that even Morrison could n't elucidate -LRB- even on those rare moments when he was sober -RRB- The music , of which Morrison did not write a note , was fantastic . The book 's strength is that it shows the Morrison 's benders were not some effort to break on through to other side but desparate attempt by a sociopath to dull the pain he felt when he realized that all of his calls for trancendence ended in a hangover and a morning spent puking in whatever toliet was handy . While the book is much better than `` No One Gets Out of Here Alive '' Davis is still too enamoured of Morrison 's mystique and the spirit of the 60 's to seriously and objectively evaluate Mr. Mojo Risin 's work and accomplishments .
 Stopped dead in my tracks when :1 . He states Arthur Rimbaud 's `` brief lifetime ended ... . in Ethiopia '' -LRB- it was France -RRB- .2 . He implies that his death was a result of nefarious activities . '' ... as he was trading slaves and running guns to a rebel group . '' -LRB- His activities had nothing to do with his death . He died of cancer -RRB- . - This next one really pisses me off for it 's ridiculous , let 's try to give a mystical fateful meaning to Morrison 's death-3 . He writes that Rimbaud died `` at age twenty-seven '' . -LRB- He was 37 , you idiot . -RRB- Any child could go online and look up these simple facts . Are you just stupid , Mr Davis ? That or you clearly think we are . Do n't waste your time or sully the memory of JM by reading this highly suspect collection of rehash . SHAME ON YOU MR. DAVIS . With an equal amount of the effort you put into researching this bio , just about any Jim Morrison fan could have written this book ... . From memory and more accurately . I WOULD GIVE THIS BOOK A ZERO RATING IF POSSIBLE .
 Perhaps with the mysterious cover and the grabbing editorial reviews , Stephen Davis thought that he would fool Morrison/Doors fans into believing that this would be THE book , THE final word on this enigmatic man 's life and work . In my case at least , he was right.This is nothing more than rehashed , oft told stories about Jim Morrison and his chaotic life , spliced with occasional , unsatisfying references to his private notebooks . You might as well buy `` Wilderness '' or `` The American Night '' for all the new information he gives us . Nothing that has n't been written is revealed about his death in Paris . There are intimations that he was bisexual , but nothing solid . Davis even has balls enough to reference `` Wild Child '' , the blatantly fictional account of Morrison 's supposed `` relationship '' with groupie Linda Ashcroft . This book is some where between `` No One Here Gets Out Alive '' and `` The Lost Diaries of Jim Morrison '' -- in other words , like these wastes of paper , it floats between fantasy and truth , melding one with the other . Do n't bother .
 Basically , this book is a compilation of Jim Morrison 's drunk , drugged , and violence-prone episodes that become repetitious and tiring . Jim Morrison the artist and human being gets lost in the mayhem . The author touches on Jim 's music and poetry rather lightly , and for anyone interested in a serious examination of Jim the man and his work in music and poetry , I would go and read elsewhere .
 ` Jim Morrison-Life , Death and Legend ' by Stephen Davis is n't a book , it 's a compendium of suppositions , heresay , rumors , inuendo and fiction . One can only assume after reading this that Davis was able to defy the laws of physics and construct a time machine and travel back to observe every obscure moment of the life of Jim Morrison.Jim Morrison 's teeth chattered as he drank a dozen beers ? Jim Morrison drove their rented Puegot sedan at a relaxed pace southward toward Lyon ? Jim gets thrown out the back door of a bar and leans up against the wall for half-an-hour ? How the hell would Davis know any of these things without being there to observe?And where oh where did Davis come up with `` mystic heated wine '' ? Really ? Mysticated wine is always what I 've heard . And , on ` Roadhouse Blues ' , Hey everybody . . it 's `` Do it Robbie . . do it ! '' Robbie ? . . as in Krieger , that guy who was The Doors guitar player . After reading this drivel I am really looking forward to re-reading John Densmore 's book which is the best ever written on the subject of Jim Morrison and The Doors .
 When I started reading this book , I was overjoyed at all the information apparently going into this book of every minute detail and read the entire thing , only to find out at the end , that all of what I just read may or may not have been true ! Needless to say , I was upset ! I got all the way to page 423 before I found a discrepancy and a major discrepancy at that ! Quote `` One day he opened the herald-Tribune and read the obituary of Wharhol 's ex-muse Edie Sedgwick , who had died in California of an overdose of barbiturates . End quote . WRONG ! Jim died before Edie ! As you can see , I 'm pretty upset about this and because of this have wondered if anything I have read was real or not ! So , in conclusion , I have to totally disregard this book and move on to more viable sources ! Stephen Davis , you suck ! You really had me going !
 I have read many , many books about Jim and did not like this one at all . Thankfully I bought it used and did not spend much money on it . I would not recommend this book for any fan of Jim 's . There are several others way better than this junk .
 I read this book because my mother found an abandoned copy in the laundry room of her apartment building . I began to read it and got hooked , the way one might get hooked eating potato chips or watching a sleazy reality show on TV . Much like Mr. Davis 's earlier book on Led Zeppelin , this biography of Jim Morrison is largely a chronology of drunken escapades . Page after page , chapter after chapter , we read about Jim Morrison getting drunk , getting stoned , getting his butt kicked , night after night . Somehow , Davis gets all the detail , including how many glasses of wine , bottles of beer , lines of cocaine , and kicks to the head . There 's precious little psychological analysis of the man , not to mention any attempt at group psychology of the band , whose members must have spent most of their time wondering why they kept Morrison on . Analysis of Morrison 's written work is brief , and takes up less space than the descriptions of his stage act . -LRB- Either Davis feels Morrison 's stage act was more influential than his music , lyrics or poetry ; or the stage act was easier to write about . -RRB- The descriptions of the Doors ' albums -- both making them and critique of the final products -- are frustratingly brief . Davis is an intelligent , literate writer , and I wanted him to offer more analysis of the work and its significance , and a bit less counting of cuts , bruises and empty bottles .
 The book was quite entertaining and included a number of stories I had n't read before , some of which may even be true . The number of obvious and glaring factual errors give it a credibility somewhere short of Mother Goose .
 I went into this book really excited because I am a HUGE Morrison fan and have read everything on him as well as have loved his work seemingly as far back as I can remember . I find him to be one of the most charismatic , unique and talented rock & roll icons in the history of modern music . I feel that when he died , he took with him HIMSELF , and that his death was , and continues to be , a terrible loss for my generation who grew up with the DOORS . But for what it 's worth , this book seemed to me to be nothing more than a desperate and childish -LRB- and somehow the word `` disgruntled '' and also comes to mind -RRB- attempt to literally ruin Morrison 's reputation in some sort of in-arrears frenzy ... although I 'm pretty Jim Morrison 's reputation is immune to such absolute nonsense and blatant mean-spiritedness . This book is quite strange . Not only does this author say things like `` so and so 's rep was cred '' -LRB- I guess that means someone 's reputation was credible , '' or so it would seem . The language of this book gets even more childish from there , which begs the question , HOW OLD IS THIS AUTHOR ? He uses a strange plethora of `` cool '' language , like you 're back in 8th grade , and he just walked straight out of `` hep cat '' heaven from the 1950s . -RRB- But , regardless of that , the author trashes EVERYONE - not just Morrison . According to this author , Morrison is the biggest loser on the planet , everyone hated him , and he had no talent . Which left me scratching my head wondering if this guy understands that Morrison 's reputation is already pretty well set in stone . He treats Morrison with utter disdain and , yes , even contempt and possibly even hatred . He also does this with anyone who ever knew Morrison , played music with him , was friends with him , had a professional relationship with him ; and yes , who even merely contemplated Morrison 's existence . He did NO research ; he plagiarized straight out of `` Light My Fire , Ray Manzarek 's firsthand account book depicting both his personal and professional relationship with Morrison ; and he even goes so far as to make up entire dialogs as if he had been a fly on the wall when these so-called conversations allegedly took place - which , unless he copped them out of other people 's books , they did NOT . He condescendingly calls Jim `` Jimmy '' throughout this book of fabrications . This author seems to have a personal ax to grind here - and Morrison has been dead for nearly 40 years now , so ... I do n't know ... . it 's just weird . Fortunately , I do believe Jim Morrison will stand the test of time as he ALWAYS has . This author 's strange -LRB- and excessively lewd for lewdness ' sake -RRB- , book will go down as a `` weird deal . '' This man 's mentality seems to be that of your typical 6-year-old child -LRB- no offense to six year olds -RRB- . Waste of good money , waste of time ... unless you care to visit the strange world of the author 's , I hate to say it , REAL hatred of Morrison , I 'd skip it . EVERYTHING about this author 's vehement , seeming hatred of Jim Morrison rings loud and clear ; but , unfortunately , Morrison 's actual story does not . Jim Morrison is and always WAS amazing . This book is an absolute travesty on Morrison . Which begs my next question
 Stephen Davis seems to have done his research in gossipy internet chat rooms and other places where old rumors are kicked around for years , the more scandalous the better . Davis has simply taken a lot of really old stories from previously published sources , thrown in a couple of interviews with people no one 's ever heard of before , and is presenting it as new revelation . It 's not . This is just the same old silly stories packaged up between fancy new covers . Fans wo n't learn anything about the real Morrison or what really happened to him . All they 'll get is a lot of reheated gossip that was n't worth the paper it was written on the first time it was published -- or the second , or the third , or the ... Fans who really want to know Morrison should read his poetry , or read Frank Lisciandro 's `` Feast of Friends '' or Patricia Butler 's `` Angels Dance and Angels Die '' for a look at the real Jim Morrison .
 This is not a good book about Jim Morrison . Throughout the book , the author expresses very negative views on Jim , his work and his personal life.His sources are not reliable.He does not write in a way that makes the reader eager to see what the next page brings .
 1 -RRB- the good parts of this book are copied from the ` good-but-not-the-least-trustworthy ' No One Here Gets Out Alive -LRB- he tells the same things , just not as well written -RRB- , meaning they are untrustworthy & for those of us who are gon na stick with the original ` dumb-capitalist-pigs-writing-about-jim ' , we 'll find these chapters extremely boring .2 -RRB- the bad parts are where Stephen Davis starts to write more than a copy of No One Here ... & THIS IS REALLY DIRT ... he says that after Strange Days , the Doors never made as great an album , & then later calls LA Woman their best -LRB- just the only out of a 100 examples , that I can remember right now -RRB- - & throughout he trashes everyone -LRB- many people trash Patricia , others Pamela , but trashing them both ? - and both without ANY CLARIFIED REASON - as if he has a pure instinct to destroy romance & turn the sixties into perversion -RRB- fortunately this book is so awfully written , that it should be forgotten very soon ... after all , if you want an untrustworthy book about Jim , but No One Here ... at least its very well writtenthe only truthful or really good book on Jim is Patricia Kennealy 's Strange Days
 Davis spends too much time explaining away the misguided hedonism of the 1960s and making excuses for Jim Morrison . Jim was a drunk , with minimal poetic talent , but a flare for performing Rock and Roll . He embodied a selfish , baby boomer era irresponsibility that mocked the country and military which made his drunken stupor of an existence possible.Davis ' off-handed slams at the US effort in Vietnam and glorification of the communist agitators that made up the anti-war movement makes one question the credibility of the rest of the book.For example , Davis insists on saying that the `` cops rioted '' at the Democratic convention in 1968 . What exactly does this mean ? The protestors gathered and provoked a riot , if they had been at work or school or defending the freedom of the people of Southeast Asia there would have been no riots.If Morrison , and other anti-war agitators , had not made victory in Southeast Asia impossible the millions who died in the Cambodian killing fields at the hands of Davis ' `` peasant army '' or on refugee boats fleeing to the country that Morrison so despised may have lived.Davis sounds like he is trying to convince himself , as much as the reader , that there was something of value in the drug addled politics of the Doors and their lead buffoon Jim Morrison.The Doors were a great rock band and Morrison was a truly gifted rock signer . But , the idea that he was a great poet and that their music had any real social import is fatuous and completely unproven by Davis ' hagiography .
 Not my favorite Loretta Chase . Interesting premise for a plot , but not nearly as witty and clever as her other books . # 1 - I am turned off by the concept of any human described as `` perfect . '' And he certainly was not . Not even close . I kept wondering when the perfect part would be revealed . It was n't . Probably because there is no such thing . -LRB- Although perhaps that was the point of the book ... but I just was n't feelin ' it . -RRB- # 2 - Overuse of `` bored look '' or `` bored voice . '' Boring . Especially when overdone . It made Benedict look like an insensitive and arrogant clod - certainly not `` perfect . '' # 3 - No man I know ever talks as much as Benedict/Lord Rathbourne . He talks ... ALL the time . Even while racing a carriage down a road at midnight on a desperate search for two pre-teens , he 's TALKING ! Incessantly . Sometimes I just wanted him to shut up . It was n't even interesting , and many times it did n't seem relevant to the plot . The book was overrun with relentless and excessive dialogue . There is very little nuance - just a lot of talking . # 4 - The ending - hurried , convenient and a bit implausible . Even the romance part of the ending was sort of a dud.Just my opinion . Obviously these characters and their story just did n't click with me . I still think Loretta Chase is one of the finest authors in this genre , and this book will not stop me from reading her others . Obviously , not everything can be perfect .
 Lord Perfect and Mister Impossible this week . Both were predictable and not unique/interesting enough to get me past p100 or so . In both cases , a smart -LRB- semi-helpless -RRB- female needs to be saved by a male . I actually do n't mind that plot too much but she just does create an intestesting story line like Jen Holling 's Shadow Warrior or Lisa Kleypas 's Then Came You or It Happened One Autumn or Sabrina Jeffries ' A Scot 's Revenge .
 As a firfigther who understands chain of command and the need to work with in an Incident Command System , this book perfectly explains how one FDNY Battalion Chief breaks all the rules , chosing to respond to the World Trade Center Disaster rather than remain responsible for his own Battalion , risks the lives of members of 110Truck to `` sprint '' to the 35th floor of the North Tower , ABANDONING them on the way to freelance some more in the burning tower , only to ultimately become stuck in the collapse of the North Tower where he goes on to shout at and berade a PAPD Officer who 's lost his partner , a K9 , to the collapse of the bulidng . This book is a shameful and embarrasing for all American firefighters , those silent heros who risk their lives daily .
 Chief Picciotta took a horrific day in our city and country 's history and tried to turn it into a personal account of his own so-called heroism . How dare he disparage the other people trapped in that stairwell who proved to be ultimately more courageous and more useful than he was . Many FDNY personnel can discount much of what he has stated as `` truth '' and it is really a shame that this fictitious book has become a bestseller . If you want to know the real story of what occurred that day in Stairwell B , ask the other 13 men and woman who were trapped with him that have n't felt the need to shout their heroic feats to the world .
 Just as one small example , read pages 29 to 32 , in which the Book Smart Chief `` races '' through the borough . As a big city professional fire officer , I know guys like this
 I 'm surprised that I actually read the whole book . It is several hundred pages of one man boasting about his role on this tragic day . If you want to read a very good book about 9/11 , try Report From Ground Zero .
 I had wanted to read this book for a while , so I purchased it . Richard Picciotto is not the best writer , but he does give you a sense of what it was like to be under pressure and trying to survive the tower collapse . He does n't pull punches as to who he blames for the loss of firefighters that day . Lack of adequate equipment , department cuts , etc. . I think to a certain extent he has a valid point , but I also know that there were many other factors involved as well . Mr. Picciotto 's focus is understandably on his personal experience and his emotions around what happened that day . I am glad that I read it , but I have to be honest and say it is what it is . Mr. Picciotto will probably not win a Pulitzer , but he calls it as he sees it and he was there and I was n't .
 I got this book beacuse I knew someone who died in the WTC . I wnted to understand . Not to make light of the Firefighters & why they do what they do , but I found this book too full of self praise . To use a story to just pat oneself on the back bothers me . There are always problems with governmental entities and things are never as they should be but I fond more preaching rather what happened during those terrible minutes & seconds . That the fire department leadership needs changes should be subject torevision should not be here in this book . I will always feel for the loss of life & the dedication these men & women freely and heroicly gave.I applaud what all firemen and rescue people did on this tragic day but I was beginning to expect that the author was Superman in disquise.I will never forget 9-11 but if you are looking for the story of brave men , well this book needs to be edited . Tell the story , do n't contiually repeat & pat yourself on the back I thought this was a keeper but I was wrong
 I just recently read the paperback version of this book . The first half of this book is pretty interesting and heart pounding in detailing what it was like to be in the World Trade Center while it collapsed . The second half was very disatisfying . It was very self-serving and is mostly about Mr. Picciotto praising himself and his actions and criticizing absolutely everyone else . I also find it interesting that Mr. Picciotto said how hard it was for him to return to the site and that it took him a very long time do this . However , in the acknowledgment at the end of the book , he returns barely a few weeks after the collapse and with his collaborator of this book . He had already found the time to get a book deal and co-author !
 Read NY Daily News 26 November 2002 and weep . > In `` Last Man Down , '' Battalion Chief Richard Picciotto depicts himself as a quick-thinking boss who helped save a 59-year-old grandmother from certain death that terrible morning.But another fire chief , three firefighters and a Port Authority cop who were trapped in the rubble for four hours told the Daily News that Picciotto had nothing to do with the dramatic rescue of Josephine Harris , who said last night she never met him .
 I read this book back when it first came out . I had worked as a relief volunteer on and off for two months out of the last twelve in NYC at or near Ground Zero . Yes , this book painted the horrific reality of Sept 11 , 2001 accurately . Yes , the book was dramatic , and I read it in two days . But was Richard Picciotto 's story true ? Was it accurate ? Was this what really happened in that stairwell ? I 've met the men who were there in that stairwell with him on Sept 11 and I 've heard their side of the story , and Picciotto 's version is not accurate or truthful . On Nov 26 , 2002 the NY Daily News reported that in fact the story retold in `` Last Man Down '' by Richard Picciotto was not accurate . Let 's give the credit where credit is due ... to God , the men of Ladder 6 , and to Josephine , the woman who was rescued .
 I saved this book as one of my ` summer ' reading books . As soon as I finished it I tossed it in the garbage ; I wish there were no stars as an option . When they do the paperback , they should re-title it
 This book is frankly , terrible . The author sets himself up as the one-and-only hero in his world of self-centeredness . We can certainly admire anyone who went through the events that he did , but this type of storytelling tends to diminish the whole thing . I find it very hard to believe the truth of much of his perspective . If his attitude about himself is any indication of officers in the FDNY -LRB- likely not -RRB- , it 's no wonder that the FD and PD of that city do n't get along .
 I wanted to like this book , truly I did . The writer IS a hero , of course . But the tone of the book is so often what he did correctly , and by insinuation what his colleagues did incorrectly that horrible day . Things like `` At this point we all did what we needed to do . At least I did . '' Plenty of damning with faint praise . On the flip side , the you-are-there description of the pre-collapse evacuation of the tower is spellbinding . Picciotto never falls into the trap of becoming maudlin
 From the moment I began to read this book , wanting to feel compassion for a `` hero '' who served my own home state , I was so disappointed . I felt that this book screams out `` Hey , what about me ? '' . As a daughter of a war veteran , he makes a comparison to the men returning home from vietnam and the cold reception they had recieved , to his first moments out of the collapsed building , with no one to pat him on the back . Whoa , this was unsettling for me . I also was quite annoyed at the reference made to David Lim , the Port Authority worker , who in his panic called for someone to care for his dog , mans best friend , and Piccitto thought it petty and a waste of batteries on walkie talkies . Who is to make that judgement in a time like that ? Being an animal lover myself , it would have been the first thoughts to my head . But it isnt just about small references . I , like the entire country was devastated . I do not want to take anything away from any individual . We each grieve in our own way . Here is the thing , this book was totally geared to the burocracy of the FDNY . He persistantly makes references to how the `` higher-ups '' take away or dont give enough even in his acknowledgements , he goes on and on which such things as the FDNY have to buy their own toilet paper . It left a bad taste in my mouth and I feared that it kept up with the bad rap that NYers recieve . Hey folks , we are all not like that !!
 I 'm not a fire fighter but I think that I can appreciate the work that they do and the horror that descended upon the FDNY on Sept 11 . Picciotto however , came out of it smelling of roses -LRB- and money -RRB- . If you want to read a book that has a story line that goes something like this `` me , me , me , I 'm great , I 'm in great shape , I 'm the Chief , me , me , me '' then buy this book . It should first be renamed to `` First Man Down - One mans account of himself '' . With any common sense you can see that Picciotto abandoned his post and his men on a number of occasions that day . Yet he still tries to turn it all around so that he can achieve some kind of Super Man status , while belittling the bravery and hard work of other fire fighters -LRB- especially those of lesser rank -RRB- . Read this book if you want to laugh at his ego , you 'll find it in the ` Fiction ' section of your Library .
 I am a paid firefighter with friends on the FDNY . First off , I am astounded that the chief managed to accomplish what he did , all by himself ! Either the men he was `` leading '' were totaly incapacitated , or he has the biggest ego in the department ! What were the men of Ladder 6 doing while this chief was `` saving '' them ? Not being aggresive ? Not being good firefighters ? This chief `` saved '' the whole company ! I wonder what the men from Ladder 6 have to say . I have been a firefighter for 26 years . I can tell you now that with this book , this chief just alienated himself from the rest of the brothers . I would not recomend this book to anyone , unless you are a young fire officer and want to learn what NOT to do and say about the men you lead and who does 99 % of the work on a fire department .
 There are so many better books out on 9 | 11 and the firefighters response . This one is a mostly boring account of Picciotto 's day.His second to second retelling of it is so tedious I could never read more than 20 pages in a sitting.I 've read a lot on this subject matter and instead of this check out `` Report from Ground Zero '' and `` Firehouse '' .
 Chief Picciotto 's favorite word seems to be `` I '' and his favorite topics seem to be his very high opinion of himself coupled with his disdain for higher authority at FDNY and City Hall . Taking nothing away from his personal valor on 9/11 , the book was a major disappointment . If you are looking for the definitive account of what happened at the Trade Towers that tragic day skip this book and buy `` Report from Ground Zero '' by Dennis Smith .
 Let me start out by saying I am a former firefighter/EMT , and i have nothing but the best things to say generally about the fine men and women serving at FDNY . This is a story that needed to be told , but that being said , I do not believe Chief Picciotto is the man to tell it . This book is full of hero-worship attitudes and contradictions . The Chief goes into detail about the `` military '' attitude at FDNY , and how his orders are to be obeyed without questions , yet he is the man who left his division leaderless at a critical moment by racing downtown , and at the same time refusing to let any of his men accompany him , even if they were off-duty . While taking pot shots at the upper-FDNY management , the Chief comes across as a bitter firefighter , and just adds to the `` hero-worship '' attitude of the book . The book is well written , however , and i think civilians -LRB- non-firefighters -RRB- will find it engrossing , as the detail leads you along with him in his ordeal . I also believe that the firefighters out there will recognize this book for what it really is
 This book could be shorter . Mr. Picciotto uses the narrative to tell us how good his is , how competent his is , but I still have to learn what happened to the last civilian that was with him and that he left behind .
 If you want to gauge how big this guy 's ego was and how unprofessional he acted in response the WTC disaster then just read p. 82 . '' ... Look , in a high-rise fire companies are supposed to stick together . Thats rule one . Even the greenest proby , or probationary firefighter , know that . So if a company is not together it means someone screwed up . `` Picciotto abandoned his men multiple times with the most frequent reason being `` they would slow him down '' . He even leaves his own company in the firehouse to rush down to the site on his own without authorization leaving his men without their chief should they be called upon to respond . He makes repeated statements on how lone wolf types are more harmful then good and there is no room in the FDNY for that then does just that two pages later . It 's made worse by the fact that he knows full well he 's going against regulation with a ` rules do n't apply to me ' attitude and tries to justify himself with very weak arguments . Also be prepared to read a hundred pages about how the entire FDNY is apparently out of shape -LRB- FDNY has one of the most strictest physical standards of any fire department anywhere -RRB- while he could run a marathon twice a day.The most insulting aspect of this book , however , is his constant belittlement of the contributions of the other FF and officers . He does this by first giving a complimentary statement to the FF in question , then points out his failings in the next . It 's so see through it would have been funny if it was n't such a terrible tragedy . I doubt many would get this reference but there is a funny mock documentary about an Australian high school named Summer Heights High with a very snobby stuck up girl who thinks of u say ' i do n't want to insult u ' then u can say whatever u want after that . `` I do n't want to be a bitch , but u guys are really boring '' . Thats pretty much this book in a nutshell . One of the more outrageous passages is how he never outright says it , but heavily alludes to the fact that he thinks he should be in command of the response even though it is far outside his jurisdiction and he was not called to respond in the first place . His reasoning for wanting to run the show is simply that he responded to the '93 WTC bombing so he knows the building . Hundreds of FF responded to the call , not just him , but this guy 's ego would have u believe he single handedly saved everyone from the towers . Insulting .
 ... as is pointed out to the reader repeatedly and heavyhandedly throughout this coarsely written self-tribute . The Chief 's courage is beyond question , but his lack of humility combined with his insensitivity makes this a tough tale to swallow . The Chief may indeed be brave , strong and smart -- but he sure ai n't humble .
 Number one fact
 ... as is pointed out to the reader repeatedly and heavyhandedly throughout this coarsely written self-tribute . The Chief 's courage is beyond question , but his lack of humility combined with his insensitivity makes this a tough tale to swallow . The Chief may indeed be brave , strong and smart -- but he sure ai n't humble .
 I must admit I only read about 10 pages and did n't like what I read.I 'm a firefighter -LRB- not FDNY -RRB- of 23 years and one of my colleagues knows one of the firefighters who survived in stairwell B. Apparently they think Picciotto 's version of events is complete B.S. . He is not well regarded so read this book knowing that .
 Let me get this right ... Picciotto talks an FDNY dispatcher into allowing him to respond and he abandons his own division . Upon arrival at the command post , he ignores command protocal , commandeers the crew from 110 Truck , then abandons them in the stairwell -LRB- because he is in such great shape -RRB- . He then gives the order for all firefighters to evacuate , lies to several firefighters that he has seen their Lieutenant on floors below and searches each floor as he goes down -LRB- last of course -RRB- . He becomes trapped in the stairwell and he leads all the firefighters out -LRB- of course -RRB- , although he does n't wait for any of his `` brothers '' , cause he says in the book that by the time he gets off the pile , the brothers behind him are not even in his sight.Then the first time he returns to ground zero , in October 2001 , he brings a writer with him -LRB- Mr Paisner -RRB- . WOW . $ $ $ $ $ $ Recent NY newspaper stories quote firefighters who `` doubt '' his story and say he overexaggerated . Picciotto himself is quoted as saying that maybe he `` assumed '' some things happened , which he says occurred -LRB- in the book -RRB- . And for this he is a bestselling author ? Give me a break !!! I have the utmost respect for FDNY and their firefighters . I was friends with several of those who died . Picciotto is a hero because he has served the people of New York for all those years , however , this account he tells tarnishes all that.Save your money or buy Dennis Smith 's book `` Report From Ground Zero '' and get a story that is ALL true , told by those with the morals and ethics to be truthful and accurate , of which Picciotto 's account is neither.Signed
 My brother was one of the first Firefighter 's killed on 9/11 . Mr. Piccioto incorrectly addresses him as Lieutenant Daniel Suhr . My brother was a Firefighter who loved his job completely & swore he would never become an officer . Also , he incorrectly states that Father Judge died while giving last rites to my brother . Anyone that saw the Naudet video or read Dennis Smith 's book could plainly see that Father Judge died just off the lobby of Tower One at the bottom of an escalator . It seems to me that the truth of that day was powerful enough without embellishment . God Bless the FDNY!Sincerely , James Suhr
 During the Summer of 2002 , I read Richard Picciotto 's book `` Last Man Down . '' While I can appreciate what this man must have went through during the horrible collapse of the WTC , I felt like I was being shovelled a lot of ... His constant reference to his rank and how important he is really turned me off . I have been a firefighter for 18 years myself and I felt the tone he used in writing this book was condescending to the lower ranking firefighters . Recently in `` Fire Engineering '' online , there was an article about how the crew of FDNY Ladder 6 has spoken up about BC Picciotto exaggerating his role of that day of 9/11/2001 . In reading the book , I personally could n't get past BC Picciotto 's insecurities with his position as BC or with himself . By his own accounts , he was the `` First Man Down . '' The true heroes of this story were the captain and crew of Ladder 6 . While the book is an interesting read , you really need to sift through the BS to appreciate the story . Good job Ladder 6 !!!
 I would be extremely interested to know what the FDNY thinks of this book . It was fascinating learning what I could about the tragedy , especially from inside the building , but this guy is really full of himself . Sometimes it 's hard to get past his ego and get to the experience itself.My dad is a medic and I have met many firefighters and medics . I have yet to meet one that thinks so highly of him/herself . I do n't know how much input this guy put into the book , but unfortunately for him - he comes off as pompous and self-righteous .
 This book , as the other books in this series , would have been a good book - it was a good story , if it had n't been turned into pornography . Descriptions of what goes on in bed should remain behind closed doors .
 This review refers to the Kindle edition of the In Death titles distributed by Hachette Digital for non-US residents . The Kindle edition of this particular book and the other books in the series is not very readable -- it has been formatted with too much leading in between paragraph , forming `` rivers '' of white space that are very distracting . You can only read a few paragraphs per page and have to flip frequently -LRB- even for the average reading speed -RRB- . I would 've expected more attention to text formatting like some other excellent Kindle books but was quite disappointed . I love this series and was ecstatic to recollect the titles in Kindle format but am put off by the prospect of having to read future titles in the series in the same lousy text formatting .
 This is only a review for the Kindle edition . I wish I could actually review the CONTENT of the book , but Berkley did such a poor job with the formatting that the book is unreadable . There is a space between EVERY paragraph . This makes it impossible to tell when you switch POV or scene . I demanded my money back . I you want to charge me FRONT LIST prices for ancient books , you need to deliver a quality product .
 If you hate Conservatives and everything they stand for and want to read a book where the author shares the same opinions , -LRB- even though it is supposed to be a novel about a woman cop in the future -RRB- then this is the book for you ! Robb 's overzealous rip of all things conservative was so annoying that I painfully made it through this book and will never read another book of hers again . I ACTUALLY believe I would feel the same way if it were against Liberalism as well ! I thought the character development was fantastic - but Robb 's underlying feelings just never went away throughout the book . Also , her use of the F-word - although I do n't mind sometimes , was a bit much . I ca n't believe that in the future when every other thing has been `` fixed '' in the mind of Robb - they have n't found other language to use ... like `` frak '' -LRB- for the Battlestar Galactica fans -RRB- . Ha ! Enjoy it if you must - but beware of author 's partial writing !
 This is not a romance novel . It is a mystery . I do n't like the mystery genre , and I try not to read them . The only reason I read this was because it was written by Nora Roberts , a romance novelist . I really liked two of her romance novels , so I thought I 'd try this . It 's not for me . Readers who like mysteries would probably like it and would rate it much higher than I did . Since almost all of my reviews are for romance novels , this 2 star review is meant to say that this book will not satisfy readers looking for romance . There is a subplot of a romantic relationship that begins , and apparently , will continue to move forward in future books . A few sex scenes were good . During the reading , I wanted the book to be over , but that may be because it is a mystery and not a romance . I 'm not sure.Story brief
 I am half way through this book . And I love the thought of the book and the series but HIGHLY disappointed that its set in the future !! I was reading and it would say something about a year like 2046 and I was so confused ! But on the other hand I did not know before I started reading that it was based in the future and this `` off planet '' mess . I thought it would be like James Pattersons WMC but I was completely wrong ! More power to the people that like these sorta books but I was not expecting it to be this way !
 So I was browsing for suspense/mystery/thriller / romance novels and came across this series , seems to be the right fit for what I was looking for and I thought , hmmm ... maybe they are good since there are so many out already and NY best selling and all . Well , DO NOT believe the hype . I was absolutely wrong . I had to force myself to finish reading the damn book ! It does n't get thrilling until the last 50 pages ! Even that part was n't even that great . I regret purchasing this book , thank god I only bought the first one . DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY !!!
 After reading Nora Roberts book , The '' Witness '' , which I really liked , I thought I would see what J.D. Robb books were all about.They are very highly rated and I was curious . I am very glad that I only ordered the first title.The main character , Eve , is a female detective who is snippy , unethical , and not the sharpest tool in the drawer . The hero , so to speak , is an arrogant , self-indulgent , multi millionaire who seems to be determined to get Eve into his bed as fast as possible.This happens quite early on and the hot , steamy sex is very explicit . This book is described as a romantic thriller but I fail to see anything romantic about virtual strangers falling in bed together just because of mutual attraction . It appears that the sex portions of this book were written first and the rest of the book later to fit around them . The plot is thin , the killer obvious , and the excitement non-existent . For those people who think this is great American fiction , I have one suggestion -- `` Get A Life ''
 I had to quit reading this book about 70 pages in . I had nothing else to read , but thought I would rather stare into space then keep reading it . This is the first and last time I will try this author . The scene setting is supposed to be in the future , but it takes awhile for the author to set that scene . The author is also trying to make the main character into this hard , but sexy detective and instead seems to try to hard . I wish I kept my money and bought something else .
 Set in the future not much has changed . But instead of big bad guns , acceptable murder is by knives or stunners . If everything is so great in the future , why is lil ole eve so busy?I did like Roark , so there 's that.If you want good police procedural read Michael Connelly . If you want female cops that are n't whiney and bitchy , read about Rizolli and Isles or any book by Lisa Scottoline . If you want mystery with beautiful prose , read Scott TurrowThis book is none of these . It serves as a platform for yelling -LRB- Eve always yells -RRB- about right wing views , followed by pages of preaching the glory of left wing virtue.Not my cup of tea .
 For the sake of variety , I needed something to read in between David Baldacci novels , and this promised mystery , suspense , action , and the like . Needless to say , it delivered none of this , but instead bore me to death for 160-some pages before I gave up , threw the book against the wall and went back to reading worthy authors.Let 's go over the many problems here , starting with the main character , I think her name is Eve but honestly I do n't remember . She 's this by-the-book , uptight , unkempt cop who cares nothing for the standards or modern society or beauty , and yet somehow manages to be beautiful enough that EVERY male character introduced first tries to hit on her . This is so cliche and does n't make any sense . Second , we have Roarke or whatever his name is . He 's a multi-millionaire with everything he could ever want , and every women in the world wants him , yet somehow he finds Eve to be the one that he ca n't live without.The mystery is really just a sub-plot to a horrible romance novel , but even it is n't very good . Some guy decides it 'd be fun to go off popping 6 hookers , which apparently is legal in the future , which brings me to my next point . This is supposed to be futuristic , and to compensate JD Robb invented some lame new stuff to make it seem so , like laser-guns and finger print supressing spray . However , it just so happens that our killer is an `` old schooler '' who uses guns instead of lasers , so in reality , it 's not REALLY a futuristic mystery.Even so , the investigation does n't take long to deteriorate into a bunch of faux romance and unneeded sex scenes . After the third one , literally back to back to back , followed by the cheesy dialogue `` Stopping a police officer from leaving is a crime , I could arrest you , '' and then `` You were n't wearing you badge when it happened , or anything else for what matter . `` Seriously ??? Skip over this book , it 's garbage . 2 stars for whatever the ending might have been .
 I forced myself to finish this book . I do n't know why . The solution to the `` mystery '' was painfully obvious from the beginning and I am not a romance novel enthusiast , but I slogged through anyway . The characters of Eve and Roarke were ridiculous romance cliches of damaged needy heroine and rouge with a heart of gold . This book is probably interchangeable with thousands of others . Two stars because Nora Roberts at least had a passable plot and can write above a 10th grade level . Otherwise bleh .
 First the good ... this book receives 2 stars because of the wise cracks . That 's it . That 's actually alot , when there 's nothing out there to read for someone who likes romance and action . But the whole `` In Death '' series is good only for the frequent smirks you get from a really good smart ass comment . AS usual , Roberts has created an allegedly `` strong '' woman character who 1 -RRB- Allows the hero to do whatever the heck he wants 2 -RRB- Ca n't deal with a stressful situation without having an attack of the vapors and 3 -RRB- emotes all over the place with the slightest provocation . Roberts has never created a strong female character . Amusing , yes . Strong , resilient , mature ... No way ! I read her because she can piece a story together , and 99.9 % of the other published authors can not . But I always end up angry at myself . I 'm a romance book lover , contantly looking for readable books , and failing so very often that I have to lower my standards sometimes if I want to indulge my love of the written word . And the pity of it is , Roberts could no doubt do much better in this regard . She can write . She just chooses to write about ninnies .
 JD Robb is exactly like Tami Hoag -LRB- except for Ashes to Ashes , as that was a great book ! -RRB- . I was after a light read after a few heavy crime novels and JD Robb 's novel hit the spot . Unfortunately , now I remember why I got into great crime novels . . to get away from the romantic suspense novels , that are basically Mills & Boon with a bit of crime thrown in to fill up the pages.I was able to read Naked In Death in a few hours , the plot is ok , nothing exciting but really , a billionaire that is still avaliable goes after a interesting looking cop , she has an affair with him & her superior does n't really mind . . ok.A bit of realism would n't go astray , but then again , this is really just a bit of fluff to fill my Saturday lunchtime at work.I do n't think that I will be getting another JD Robb book again unless I was completely bored and the library burnt down .
 This is one of those books , that is fairly enjoyable , and then when the climax comes you realize this is just a way for the author to cram down his political correctness and anti-whitey propaganda down your throat.Another weakness is that the male protagonist is wealthy beyond belief , incredibly attractive , incredibly tall and lithe , and incredibly sensitive and intelligent . Think ` female victorian pseudo porn ' with an lefty world view.I will skip JD Robb 's other books .
 I could only get through 10 pages and had to put this book down . Does every book nowadays have to be the lowest common denominator in sexual projections . In 10 pages I noted that the book was antigun , pro homosexual , and anti high moral standards . I hate it when obvious political ideaologies get stuffed down the readers throats . Do n't waste your time !
 I asked a friend for recommendations for a mindless beach read , and she suggested this series . I 've suddenly lost a lot of respect for her . It goes beyond being a bad book , into downright offesive . What woman behaves this way ? It seems assembled from off the shelf parts , by men sitting around a conference table , asking each other what women want .
 This was a mildly entertaining book . The author seemed to spend most of her time describing various sexual acts and not enough plotting . It appears to be lazily written , with things such as naming the futuristic weapon &#34; a weapon &#34; . I desperately tried to enjoy this book , but did not . Two stars is a bit generous .
 A cop in 2058 New York ? Bring on the gadgets ! Eve Dallas is a good character , and if Ms. Roberts was n't a romance novelist this could have been a heck of a series . But since she is , she brings in Roarke , the mysterious Daniel Day-Lewis clone Irish billionaire -LRB- yeah , I bet New York street cops run into them EVERY day -RRB- , who proceeds to promptly destroy any credibility Ms. Roberts had going with the story . As much as I hate to admit it , I 've read every book in the series -LRB- before I gave up reading romance and `` romantic suspense '' in disgust -RRB- . All you 'll get is futuristic gadgetry combined with mundane murders and pedestrian sex scenes . Hey , Nora , just a bit of advice -- even the most in-love couples do n't have mind-blowing sex every time . Bottom line -- Nora Roberts fans will and do adore this series , others beware !
 I bought 20 + books in this series not knowing much about them but after reading all the reviews thought they would be terrific . I found this book to be slow and not as futuristic as I was hoping for , although there is a lot of sex and sex crimes . I have started the second book and find myself putting it down looking for something else to read . Looks like it will take me a long time to get through all those books I purchased .
 The book started with a bang , and Eve Dallas is an engrossing , attractive protagonist . By the time I had finished the first 50 pages , I had ordered the next two in the series . By the time I finished the book , I was regretting it . Where shall I start ? Eve finally gets around to interviewing the parents of the first victim by page 130 , and even then , it 's an afterthought . Ridiculous . The majority of murders are committed by friends or family . Even if the parents are n't suspects , they might well have valuable information . Second , the killer slips videos of the first two murders into Eve 's apartment . Does she increase security ? Change the locks ? Ask for a police guard ? No . She goes to sleep . Baloney . Third , the Chief of Police , who is obviously crooked , makes Eve deny any link between the two murders . This is patently absurd , and the media immediately picks up on it . Fourth , Roarke is an arrogant ass , and Eve , a woman who is depicted as not letting herself be pushed around , constantly lets him get away with it . At one point , he breaks into her apartment and calmly lights up a cigarette . This may seem trivial , but non-smokers really , really hate it when they ca n't get away from cigarettes , and a non-smoker would never allow somebody to smoke in their apartment . It 's not `` strong . '' It 's not `` masculine . '' It 's obnoxious . Eve and Roarke 's entire relationship seems unreal . He 's a cardboard cutout of the Irish rogue who can only be reformed by the love of a good woman and she winds up looking like an idiot for putting up with his garbage for more than an instant .
 Nothing new in this story , fast read . J. . D. probably cranked this out on a weekend . Last one I will read from this author .
 I picked up this book because I was looking for something light to read and Sabrina from About Happy Books mentioned it as one of her favorite series . I 'd never read anything by Nora Roberts and this was more of a mystery series so I thought it 'd be a fun read . All I knew going in was that it was about a female police officer and her husband.Once I read the synopsis and started the book I realized it was also somewhat science fiction because it 's set in the future . Also , in the first book , Eve and Roarke have n't met and certainly are n't married . But my knowing they marry later on in the series was n't exactly a spoiler as it 's obvious he 's the main male character and they 'll end up together.As far as readability and entertainment value , this book is perfect if you 're looking for light , escapist reading . I liked the extra element the futuristic setting added and it made it more interesting than if I chose to read a novel set in present day . The book also had a bit of a formulaic feel to it , almost like I was watching one of those hour long cop shows , which is nice when you want something familiar.However my biggest problem with the book was the portrayal of the two main characters . I 've seen several people claiming that Eve is a strong heroine but I could n't agree with that . Yes , she 's a police officer who is physically strong and capable of protecting herself . But she 's also emotionally closed off from people , does n't let others in , has problems sleeping , and does n't seem to want any help overcoming her traumatic past . Plus she lets Roarke bully her and does n't stand up for herself when he ignores her wishes.And many tout Roarke as the perfect guy who 's so charming and romantic but I found him to be inconsiderate and abusive . He tells Eve what to do and , if she refuses , uses physical force to make her do what he wants , often under the guise of it being what 's best for her . In one scene they 're about to become intimate and Eve pulls back , saying , `` This is n't going to happen . '' `` The hell it is n't , '' he says back . A few sentences later , Eve observes that he 's unlike the men who negotiate when they want something . Instead , he just takes what he wants.In another scene he commands her to sit down and `` in a sudden fury , he -LSB- takes -RSB- her shoulders , -LSB- and pushes -RSB- her into a chair . '' Later , he offers her a drink but she refuses because she 's on duty . He cuts her off with a `` vicious eruption '' and commands her to , `` Drink , goddamn it , or I 'll pour it into you . `` And on two occasions he lets himself into her apartment building without her permission . He even indicates that he 's explored her apartment but did n't go into her bedroom and his decision was based on `` not so much respect for her privacy as it was the challenge she presented that provoked him to discover her from the woman alone rather than her surroundings . `` So it was scenes and dialogue like that which put me off both characters , Roarke for treating Eve so badly and Eve for just letting him do it . I do n't know how they end up falling in love or how so many readers claim Roarke is romantic and the perfect guy . Just because he 's rich and handsome does n't mean he should be able to get away with all that he does.I finished the book hoping it 'd get better or there would be some explanation for all the things I disliked . Unfortunately that did n't happen and while I liked solving the mystery behind the crimes , I was n't sad when the book ended . I do n't plan on reading any further in the series -LRB- the 35th book was recently released -RRB- because it 's just not for me .
 I could complain about the stereotypical junk in this book . The `` tough as nails '' cop that `` truly cares '' , vacillating between steely eyed stares and crying `` oh the humanity '' at the violence she sees . And I could go on and on about how every man in the book is either a complete evil jerk except for two
 The book started off ok but then the reader discovers that Eve , the main character , is plagued by a very violent crime involving a little girl . Without giving too much away , I just found myself as a reader having a hard time getting past this point . It seems to me that the crime involving this child was ultra violent and something that did not need to be fictionalized for a book . Nora Roberts is a creative person who could have come up with a myriad of crimes that could have been just as effective in terms of a catalyst for a novel and a main character .
 This was an ok book . Not one that I would ever reread or one that makes me want to read the next one in the series . It could have interested me except for two things . One
 I 'm a big audiobook fan.So many people told me that the J.D. Robb 's series in death was `` so good '' , I really should give it a try.So without warning I plunged right in ... I liked the futuristic police mystery of the story - thus the 2 stars.HOWEVER ... every other word seemed to be a variation of the Lord 's name in vain ... It grated on my spine.And it was n't just occasionally , it was peppered throughout the whole book.I do n't talk like that.And I do n't have friends that talk like that.If this bothers you , you will not like the series.If this does not bother you , I 'm just giving my opinion and you may like the series.And the sex scenes ... whatever ... I can fast forward through those . But I wonder if the people who really like this series , like it because of that.I prefer a good mystery , suspense , thriller.I appreciate Thomas Perry and Lee Child for providing a good series with action and suspense with no profanityI understand that the Lord 's name in vain and other profanity does not offend everyone ... I 've read other reviews where they want to argue about it ... If it does n't bother you , fine.It is just a warning for those of you who do not want to hear it .
 The ` future ' idea was a distraction . No real coffee unless you were rich because our generation -LSB- give or take a decade -RSB- destroyed all the rain forests ? No guns for Americans ? Figures . This book not only proves that theory wrong - criminals do n't follow laws & they will ALWAYS have guns - it goes to show that if the female victims had weapons -LSB- and proper training -RSB- they could have defended themselves & would n't have to rely on cops who get there too late with THEIR guns to save them . -LSB- Why do you think no other country in modern times has tried to take over America ? Because they know many Americans have weapons ! -RSB- In 2058
 The main character of this book is a spineless whimp who continually throughout the book says things she does n't mean , acts stupidly and unprofessionally and then lies about it . Roarke is an arrogant , presumptuous jerk and would be an OK hero if someone would take him down a peg . Eve is not the one to do it , as every time she says something , he overrules her -LRB- even in her choice of beverages -RRB- and she lets him do it . This would be OK , if that is the way her character was written . Instead , the author claims she is a strong-willed , independent professional woman who knows her own mind . THEN WHY DOES N'T SHE ACT LIKE IT ? Why does she keep letting Rourke overrule her ? Even in simple matters like eating dinner or what to drink -LRB- he does this , twice with the beverages -RRB- . The author should either have Eve be a woman who likes to be submissive and not care about her career or stop having her actions so out of character . She sleeps with a suspect in a murder investigation -LRB- sounds like something my self-destructive sister would do -RRB- and then lies to her police chief by claiming he 's been taken off the list of suspects . HELLO ? Can we say incredibly unprofessional , risky , and not to mention , STUPID ? She 'd only known the man a week . The only thing that gets this book it 's two star rating from me is the author 's interesting vision of the future and flow of writing . Otherwise , she needs to choose different attributes for Eve . They do n't mesh with her behavior . Very annoying to read .
 I guess I 'm going against the grain though I feel like I 'm being generous with a two-star rating . Based on the other ratings I was expecting a lot more . Why two-stars ? The story was incredibly predictable . I like at least a couple of twists and turns , and was hoping for a surprise ending , and ... . nothing . The story was slow , way too much time on an incredibly predictable love story , -LRB- gee - tough , poor good-girl cop with a history gets incredibly wealthy , elusive , handsome guy who just ca n't seem to resist her - who woulda thought ?! -RRB- , unrealistic conversations , and not in a good fiction book way , the person who you think is the bad guy turns out to be , oh , the bad guy , too little action . I regretted the time I spent reading it and not just putting it down and instead waiting for at least a good ending . Sorry J.D. , my first and only ever read of one of your books .
 The characters have potential , however , the end was not much of a mystery - very predictable . I can not really recommend this book .
 This is not Al 's best work . It 's more rambling than usual and not so pithy . I got it for cheap and got enough laughs to justify my purchase .
 Oh , he 's done better . I agree with earlier comments that this book is not up to Al Franken 's usual standards . He spends what seems like half of the book reminding the reader his primary reason for writing the book was to generate some revenue -LRB- yes I know he 's trying to be funny , it just does n't work -RRB- , and the rest of the book boring the reader with less than stellar attempts at humor . I have always enjoyed Al Franken 's humor , but this book leaves me shaking my head .
 My mother , God love her , purchased this book for me -LRB- not having read it herself -RRB- . I can only imagine that she came upon Al Franken -LRB- or ALF , as I will forever refer to him from this day forward -RRB- pitching his latest offering on an episode of Oprah while flipping through channels , and decided I might enjoy it . Out of respect for mom , I read the book . ALF may bode well on a talk show , but in this case please save a tree . I could not , in good conscience , pass this book to anyone .
 I think fans of Franken 's political satire books will find this book a sad change of pace . While certainly not the worst book of the year and even funny in some places , Franken 's trademark bite is curiously lacking.Perhaps one of the strangest things Franken tries to do several times throughout the book is to change pace abruptly from comedy to serious advice . It does not work well , and is almost a pardoy of itself in that sense . Although the sections on marriage are often well-written and humorous , Franken partisans should know they are n't getting Al at his best here . True fans wo n't mind , but the casual reader will want to wait for another book in the political medium Franken seems to save the best of his talent for .
 When I read the introduction of this book at the bookshop I was quite impressed and I thought I would get more from the rest of the chapters . However when I bought the book and proceeded to the later chapters I was dissappointed.The advice that he gives are sometimes specific to himself and would not suit to other people . As he admits in the book , he wrote this book to get money . No wonder it turn out like this.I suggest you buy another book , rather than wasting your money on this book .
 I was disappointed in this book . Although I very much enjoyed Al Franken 's `` Rush Limbaugh Is A Big Fat Idiot '' , I found this book lacking in both humor and depth . It is clearly a half-hearted effort .
 Al Franken is a funny guy , and I 've enjoyed him on SNL back in those halcyon days . But -- This book is like a very prolonged standup routine , or one of his valedictorian addresses . It is mildly amusing , but NOT WORTH $ $ $ -- I could n't help but think of all the trees that were chopped down to make the paper for this fluff-piece he admittedlywrote on airplanes and I suppose while in the can . This isone of those books that is fun to thumb through in a bookstore , but it joins the teeming mountain of fluff booksthat litter every bookstore , books that you wonder how theyever got published . It 's mildly amusing , BUT NOT WORTHPAYING FOR , BELIEVE ME ! I have learned my lessonand you will thank me , too .
 It 's a quick read , and you never know if Franken is being serious or not . I read it in about an hour , and there was n't anything in there that would make me laugh out loud . Franken should stick to writing political satire , where he is much better .
 If you can endure Franken 's cycle of hilarious writing to crap to writing about how crappy it is before finally getting back to the good stuff , go for it . `` Oh , the Things I Know '' takes great pains to steer clear of incindiary comments so that lots and lots of people who do n't know a college graduate well enough to get them something they really want will buy this book as a graduation gift.Unfortunately for Franken , he 's playing to the right audience - the over 35 buyer of the gift for a college graduate - who will likely flip through a few pages and chuckle before setting it back down . Because the book is n't comforting , uplifting or even really that funny for the market . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Love Al Franken . But this book had one real laugh , and that was a retelling of a Buddy Hackett joke . The conceit of the book is that Al Franken is giving advice , or non-advice , to a class of recent graduates . The book is deep in mock-genuiness and irony , which in some circles , passes for humor . `` OH '' has Franken posing as an mock-pompous advice giver , providing `` bons mots '' that make him appear insensitive , boorish and rude . Some of his jokes were appalling . Of one wealthy grande dame who claimed it was impossible to be too rich or too thin , that she would n't think that after she got OVARIAN CANCER ! The `` joke , '' I know , is that it is absurd for the real Al Franken to say something so horrible and cruel . But I have grown out of the stage of thinking that mock cruelty is funny . Franken used this same mock-irony to deliver lame jokes that were just mean and awful - with or within the ironic lens . I 'd just as soon NOT see victims of the blindness and Alzheimer 's being ridiculed . And the jokes he makes about detesting his wife made me cringe , for her sake.As an advice book , `` Oh , the Things I know '' is intentionally terrible . But as a book of humor , it misses - wide .
 Horrible . And I am a fan of Al Franken . This was nothing more than a stream of conciousness gone ary . Waste of paper , ink and my cash . Al come on , you have such amazing talents , this was not one of them
 The title should be `` Oh , the things you will read , but should n't have . `` This book is in the same league as Steve Martin 's `` Pure Drivel . '' There were a few passages that provided some insite into the workings of Al Franken 's pysche , however they went away quickly and we were left with stories of his Enron investment 's and subsequent need for fund raising activities , such as authoring books.If you love Al , borrow the book . If not , do n't bother .
 Not worth the 2 hours it takes to read . It 's about as important as an Al Franken spot on Letterman , an entertaining enough interview but well , that 's free . This is far inferior to the Ben Stiller/Janeane Garafolo book of a similar vein . Methinks the dullest folks from Franken 's generation who now also have kids and too-high budgets may like this drivel . Anyone could write this , it 's water-cooler chit chat at it 's worst .
 If you really feel the need to read this rather bland work , I 'd suggest just borrowing a copy from the library . While Al Franken 's previous works are among my favorites in humor , I could n't even bring myself to finish the second half of this book .
 It takes a dedicated Al Franken fan to enjoy this book . For those of us who merely enjoy -LRB- or tolerate -RRB- Franken 's humor , this book is basically just a slapdown of random , useless thoughts designed only to consume an hour of your reading time and a few of your hard earned $ $ . Twenty-nine five page chapters give the bookstore thumber ample opportunity to quickly find a snippet of apparent wisdom and interest , which upon reading is swiftly disposed of to make room for the next abbreviated chapter . Several chapters contain nothing but the kind of filler used by a grade-school journal writer to increase his word count -LRB- 3 pages of areas codes - c'mon , that 's 2 % of the total book ! -RRB- . Franken ca n't even use his own jokes , and resurrects Buddy Hackett 's . Does that alone tell you what you need to know?For serious and substantial laughs , stick with PJ O'Rourke and Michael Moore .
 After reading Al 's book on Rush I was ready to read anything Al Franken wrote . Wow , was that a mistake . Oh the things i know ! makes me think Al wrote the book in his sleep . Not only is it not funny , it 's not clever either . Al fills his book with bad advice and tries to pass it off as him being humorous . Sure , there 's the occasional funny part - the politics chapter - the religion chapter - but overall this Al book is simply dumb and unhumorous . It is a shame Al used his big name to get away with publishing such crap .
 When I reviewed Franken 's `` Why Not Me ? '' I explained that I had read it because I loved `` Rush Limbaugh is a Big ... '' but `` Why Not Me ? '' had fallen short of my high expectations . THIS book was even MORE disappointing . The subject matter is worn and the material is not that creative , and sadly , just not that funny . Honestly , I WANTED to laugh - I LIKE Al Franken , but this book just feels forced , the kind of thing that 's churned out just to meet a publisher 's deadline and get Franken 's face back to the front of book racks -LRB- Pre - `` Lies ... '' of course -RRB- . It 's worth reading if you are stuck on an airplane , or an elevator , or something . Otherwise , pick something else by Franken . ANYTHING else by Franken .
 Traveling Mercies ranks as one of my favorites . Though my political viewpoint is quite different from the authors , her insights that illustrate how you could work around your own bias and experience the holy in your own human failings was totally up my alley.I was sorely disappointed by the venom that whacks you upside the head shortly after opening the book . I guess loving your neighbor as yourself only applies to those folks whose politics are not too far off from your own.I had to get it returned before it tainted my love of her other books . If it were not for those other writings I would have rated this book NO stars ! I pray that her next offering will be more about faith than hate .
 Key line in this book
 I will preface my review by saying that I have been a huge Anne Lamott fan for years , enjoying her nonfiction writing more than her fiction . I 've always appreciated Ms. Lamott 's self-deprecating humor , and am not offended by her language or theology . Nothing short of excited and enthusiastic was my reaction when I found her latest book sitting on the shelf of my local library.Having just finished Ms. Lamott 's book last evening , I have to say that I am as depressed and disappointed as she professes to be throughout the pages of
 I share many of the same struggles which is why I hoped to find solid answers and a model to follow . Partway thru , it struck me
 Illiterature at its most faddistic point . The plot and characters cruelly disjoint . This is n't writing that will edify , but typing
 This is the third book by Anne Lamott that I have read and I still do n't get it , or her.She challenges me when she starts a Sunday school class in her church . But then I wonder , what is she teaching the children ? Her `` faith '' is obscure and her image of Jesus is polluted by her vision of herself . She uses herself to mirror reality rather than the foundation of the Christian faith , the Word of God , aka the Bible.In trying to find herself , she projects her image on everything else . Jesus is made in her likeness , and God becomes her alter ego.The things she reveals of herself would be better said to a paid professional , though you must give her credit . She manages to journal her stream of consciousness and then market it to idiots like me , who think there must be something of value in her words . Alas , there is not .
 dismally dysfunctional , sophomoric sassiness , shallow self-preoccupation . as the book went on and on and on without really getting anywhere in a stream of semi-consciousness , it did n't matter to me what her politics were or many of her private habits . the Gospel of Jesus is big enough to cover donkeys , elephants , eagles , doves , hawks , lions , lambs . like Noah 's ark , God is big enough to accomodate all of our varieties of creatureliness.as a christian ex-conservative who is also pro-life , what was most distasteful as a practicing churchgoer were her references to God , Jesus and the Bible He defended at the cost of His life.mockingly besmirching Him -LRB- the ham of God that takes away the sins of the world ?!? what sensitive-to-the-Divine person would dare say such a thing ? -RRB- is nothing short of blasphemous ; even moreso for one claiming allegiance to Christ ! forgiveable -LRB- if some semblance of an apology is forthcoming ? -RRB- , but completely without excuse for someone supposedly a growing believer for over 15 years.one could wish her pastor Veronica would do a little Bible study with her to explain the way of Jesus more adequately before she goes on the circuit preaching her sermonettes for widespread consumption.if the Holy Scriptures of her faith are unanimous in calling God Our Father and His Majesty , why would she presume to call God she/her ? if the apostle 's creed , backbone of the Christian faith as summarizing the Holy Bible , teaches God as Trinity of Persons -LRB- 3 Who 's , 1 What -RRB-
 No sooner do you enter the first chapter than an overwhelming sense of distaste , anger , self-importance and mocking of Christianity hits the air . Making fun of oneself or pets or pet peeves gets on the nerves by chapter two . Sparing myself any further diatribal dialog , I skipped to the last two chapters hoping for a softer tone and a bit more religious respect for the sacred . Too much to hope
 Lamott trudges tediously down the road most travelled . This book would serve well as a substrate for yeast cultures.If you want spiritual buttressing , visit some friends . If you want to keep friends , do n't give them this book.If you absolutely must read some lamott , read a few pages over on Salon . You 'll quickly cloy and save money .
 a deeply confused soul who needs profanity , self-absorbed cutesiness and bitterness to make her shallow points . prayers to Our Father God are offered to have the Bible change her life , lifestyle and vocabulary to be a sweet-smelling fragrance before the Lord Jesus and those needing Christ 's forgiveness , recovery and restoration .
 The Bible 's untarnished thoughts display Infinite Love & Wisdom.Jesus Christ 's unvarnished thoughts display divine Grace & Truth.New Testament apostolic thoughts display Profound Spiritual Insight.Beth Moore 's , Luci Swindoll 's , Nancy Leigh DeMoss ' , Jill Briscoe 's , Anne Graham Lotz 's ungarnished thoughts display true Christian womanhood at its most authentic and inspiring as something to aim up and not cater down to . They would never dare sin unashamedly , brashly , harshly , defiantly , publicly in print by sacrilege or take swipes at the Lord Himself to let off ` spiritual steam ' or get a rise out of the unsuspecting reader.Lamott 's thoughts display ... n e v e r m i n d.
 DISCERN , DEAR SEEKER . CAUTION IS ADVISED.SPIRITUALITY THINLY DISGUISED , FAUX CHRISTIANLINESS VAGUELY UNDERSIZED .
 Anne Lamott has turned into just another hysterical Bush-basher . Does she really think we want to read her whining ? It 's too bad as her early books were thought provoking . But I could n't make it past the first few pages in this one . I was hoping that after her Blue Shoes dud that maybe she had regained her prior abilities and that it was just a poorly-written , boring anomaly . Guess not .
 I had been hoarding this book against a bad day and when that day came -- a day on which I was depressed and discouraged about the sheer meanness of people -- Plan B only made it worse . Her continued diatribes against Bush and the right wing -LRB- an undefined term -RRB- showed a bitterness of spirit and a willingness to demean that astonished me . Had she attacked the left wing with the same venom I would have had the same reaction . Stylistically , I found the cussing distracting and was continuously reminded of a comment by a high school English teacher that only those with a limited vocabulary resort to swearing.I would defend to the death her right to express her opinions by whatever vehicle in whatever forum she likes . But I view this book as further evidence that while religion may be useful tool in politics , politics is always bad for religion . The message that we are cherished by Christ in all of wretched humanness regardless of where we are in our lives got totally lost.Having said all that there were many essays I liked -- particularly the church of 80 % sincerity and the ham story . People who are deathly serious about everything all the time like so many religious folks just are n't that attractive to the rest of the world ! So good for Ms. Lamott for `` taking it light '' -- draw in the crowds first and THEN show them how amazing it is to be a Christian.I sobbed through Travelling Mercies -- my copy is so underlined and starred and waterlogged that I would n't dare let another soul look at it for what it might reveal about me ! Ms. LaMott 's spirit is remarkable , and I know we will see better things in the future .
 It is not because I like Michael Krazny so much and it is not because I think Anne 's books are awful.I believe a writer whether opinionated or not should have common courtsey and not dismiss critics as foolish and intellectually inferior or as ` no name ' , as she tended to this morning on NPR . She started off the interview with witty statements which almost made me want to buy her book . . but I respect authors who respect people.She appeared biased , sad , insecure and bent on stomping around anyone who dared challenge or question her!No Lamott for me!Her book may be wonderful . . but who wants another ` spike my vodka for I can not stand me and hence I turned to Jesus ' book ... especially when she doesnt mean it in her actions .
 I liked Blue Shoes and Traveling Mercies . Fortunately I perused enough at the bookshop to know to get this from the Library -LRB- Sorry , Amazon -RRB- . But even then I wasted too much on gasoline for what this book was worth !! Aimless meandering , mindless ranting would have been a better title than Plan B . The anger and one-sidedness of her political views became too much to bear . I put the book down in disgust and will not finish it .
 The difference between a bad movie and a bad book is both will be a waste of time and money -- but only the book will leave you emotionally spent . The bad movie does -- and often will -- allow one to close weary and heavy lids with perchance to dream . There 's no chance of slumbering with Anne Lamott 's dry-drunk rage against the evils of the GOP , the evil George Bush , his far too proper and prim wife Laura Bush , the bad daddy patriarch and also heinously evil George Herbert Walker Bush , and let 's -- for convenience sake -- apply the aforementioned traits to the only superficially kind Barbara Bush , and , at last , in what you 'll discover is only a rare and occasional lapse of fevered hatred in Lamott 's faith meditation , a milder rant or two heaped upon former attorney general John Ashcroft and defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld . Somehow I feel I 've missed someone . But perhaps you 're concerned with the possible harshness of the term dry-drunk ? Yes , I know that categorizing the saintly Lamott as a dry-drunk may seem so , but when St. Anne gives no quarter to a Bush DUI transgression of thirty years ago what choice is there ? You only get what you give is the law of reciprocity -- another Christian principle.So the assessment stands
 As a practicing Catholic , I was deeply offended by how she treats the Lord Jesus , Mary and Our Father in Heaven in trying to get a few jollies from a religious angle . Prayerfully there is a better way to share one 's faith struggles than lacing one 's diary with profanity , dirty-mouth and doggy-poo vocabulary . If that 's so crucial to being real , authentic , vulnerable and telling it like it is , give me Barbara Johnson or Erma Bombeck instead !
 I read this book for a book club . Although I did not enjoy it at all , and I would never read another one of her books , its was interesting to hear other peoples comments on it . The majority enjoyed it . I found her a very angry person , who uses her writings as therapy . As she works her way around her problems , I just wanted to yell grow up and get over it . Life is not perfect and neither are the people in it .
 INTOLERANT . INTOLERABLE.I ran into the ` f ' word twice -LRB- not to mention other gratuitous profanities and rantings against the duly elected government that got old really quick by chapter 1 ! -RRB- by an ostensibly ` christian ' author before I had to close the book in disgust and put it backwards behind other books on the ` New Age ' shelf where I first found it.Not for sensible , sensitive-to-those-disagreed-with , reading.INDIGESTIBLE . INEXCUSABLE .
 First , let me say , that I absolutely ADORE `` Bird by Bird '' and `` Traveling Mercies . '' Anne Lamott is unlike any writer I 've ever read . She is honest , sincere and tremendously funny.Second , I must admit that I am not fully eligible to write a review for this book ; I have not yet read it . But , what I must say is that I did read the first chapter , and on that I will base my review.The first paragraph of the book begins by bashing George W. Bush . I have figured out that Lamott is a liberal from her other books , and I still love and respect them , but this book starts off on a whole different note from her others.I respect Anne Lamott , and in time , I will read the entire book , and I will write another review if my opinions have changed . But for now , I will wait until it comes out in soft cover . -LRB- A bit less expensive , as I feel that purchasing the hardcover is a little too much
 I was truly disappointed in this book . It 's my first `` Lamott '' read and fully expected a book subtitled `` further thoughts on faith '' to actually be uplifting . This book was a `` downer '' for me . Someone claiming to be a Christian using the `` f word '' as liberally as she did and inserting her hatred -LRB- by her own admission -RRB- of George Bush in every other essay whether it `` fit '' or not was truly annoying . Some might think this `` refreshing '' but it was n't for me . I 'm all for living one 's beliefs and following Jesus ' example of charity , but I do n't think that `` being human '' is an excuse to use that kind of language and displaying hatred . Having said that , I did enjoy her essays about her teenage son , her thighs and her mother . I just wish the overall negativity had n't tarnished it all .
 Anne Lamott is talented writer with a gift for prose . Unfortunately , in this case she chose to use her considerable gifts to rip the President , democracy , patriotism and every other traditional value known to man . I was hoping to actually read something about faith in God . If I had been looking for a left-wing political rant , I could have purchased the LA Times for 50 cents ! Very disappointing .
 Profane pontificating . Smorgasbord spirituality . Desecrating to the Bible & Jesus -LRB- See chapter
 This book stunk . I really , really enjoyed reading Bird by Bird and Traveling Mercies , so much I recommended them to friends . I could not do the same with this book . I felt dirty reading it and that I was in cahoots with Ms. LaMott and her unhealthy dislike of George W. Bush . Really , Ms. LaMott , he 's just one man and a human at that . Let it go . No person should make you that unhappy , especially if you 've probably never met him . Go back to writing about other topics and do what you do best . In the meanwhile , I will be waiting and reading the reviews of the next book before I actually sit down to read the book myself-so that I will not be subjected to the same ranting .
 Reduces Christian Faith to her tailored manageable version minus the intolerable parts and gains popularity for denigrating the Lord with her revisionistic approach to Bible accounts of Jesus ' life . Why tamper with history with such bizarre commentary and quirky application that seems to suit her taste ? `` If it 's offensive , in your face , off the wall , then
 Full of herself , full of ignorance , full of hatred , full of superiority.I liked `` Bird by Bird '' but this book is just a continuous rant . And I do n't really like rants that go on and on . A good short rant , to the point , that can be interesting , but she says this book is thoughts on faith . It 's really not . It 's just her blabbing on and on and on and on.She seems so proud when she writes of how she screams at her son and then apologizes ! Wow . What a good parent ! Why does n't she just control herself in the first place ? It 's all about HER.I really tried to like this book but it is offensive.A friend loaned me the book . I gave it a good try . I began each essay and finished about half , got 1/2 way thru the rest.Her irrational hatred of Pres. Bush is strange , really on the edge . I wonder if Lamott is still sober . There is n't a lot of humility here.Her nobility almost overwhelms her , she is so wonderful.She `` slips '' when talking to a black friend and makes an insensitive , somewhat racist remark . What she said was what she really means , even though she says she did n't mean it like it sounded . It 's obvious she 's the superior person . Her true character shows in this book.One essay `` this dog 's life '' is sickening . Her dog is sick , dying , but she has a vet -LRB- a jerk in my opinion -RRB- who does n't believe in putting animals down unless they are in pain -- even if the animal is dying -- and he gives Anne syringes of sedative for when the time comes that dog is almost dead . The labored breathing of the dog concerns Lamott but her vet assures her the dog does n't feel any pain . As someone who has had many dogs , I wonder how that vet could tell by listening to the dog 's breathing over the phone that the dog was not in pain ! -LRB- I could n't help but think of Terri Schiavo . -RRB- This is a quote of what the vet says
 I love books and reading . I read Traveling Mercies and enjoyed it and learned and was touched by it . I tried to read this book but could n't get past the Bush bashing . Comparing him to Osama bin Laden was the last straw . I would n't recommend this book to anybody , except maybe Nancy Pelosi or Harry Reid .
 I like Anne Lamott 's writings but she continuously bashes the President in this book . I think this is uncalled for . Seriously . She hates the President instead of praying for him -LRB- and as another reviewer noted she should `` love thy neighbor '' -RRB- it totally turned me off in this book . Thank goodness I got this one at the library and did not waste my money on this book . Very disappointing .
 Honest to Pete - Lamott blows it with this book . I quit reading it when I was half way through as I wondered why I was bothering - why continue to be assaulted like this ? Other books by Lamott have been invigorating and fun - this one bashes our President repeatedly -LRB- Ok for a chapter - but in almost every chapter ? -RRB- , flaunts the use of vulgarity -LRB- just because she 's free to do so , does n't mean she should -RRB- , and champions rebellion . Lamott is a smart sassy woman - and I love her and I have enjoyed reading about her jaunty walk with Jesus . But this time around I simply wanted to yell at her '' Oh , Anne , CUT IT OUT ! ''
 Hate of G W Bush would be a better title . My copy will not be sold or given away but will goes where it belongs in the trash . How dare the author write politics under the guise of faith !
 I read many of these online already . The book is slender , with big print and margins . I 'm glad I borrowed it rather than buying it . I found the political essays less than interesting , and feel it will really date this book , unlike her others .
 I have always appreciated Anne Lamott 's writing for its upfront honesty , downright hilarity , and the raw edge she brought to her spiritual quest . Now a lot of what she is writing seems trite -- maybe like she 's gotten pretty comfortable and lost her edge . The only thing that keeps her going is her hatred of the right wing in American politics , but she does n't even probe that hatred very skillfully -- it 's just there , like a dull toothache . There are some moving moments , for sure , like the ski trip with her friend who is dying of cancer . And it 's nice to know she 's made friends with her cellulite , I guess , but ultimately not very enlightening.The spiritual insights are n't very insightful , they boil down to this
 I think you can make fun of George Bush . And I think you can inject a little humor in your own Theological beliefs . I mean look at what we put on television and call it a ` craft , ' then host a show with people who only have one name telling us how great one particular show was and how the actors never gave up their ` integrity , ' and then tell me God does n't have a sense of humor . `` Friends '' ran on network television for what ... 60 years?It 's just if you have a point , make it . Do n't leave the reader confused as to what you were trying to say.I find this to be mean spirited writing . Ms. Lamott seems uncertain as to what she is going to say and I am then left with uncertainty as to what she said . Or why . Writing about Christ and his teenage years is something I would expect from George Carlin or Moore . I get the feeling that Ms. Lamott wanted to touch on everything that might pull in a few extra readers . Like a director of a poor script , action , violence , skimpy tops on the female stars , `` cool '' humor between the African American and Caucasian heroes , more violence , more skimpy tops , fast cars . Let 's do a little of everything.Some points Ms. Lamott makes are genuine . They are unfortunately few and far between . 2 stars . Larry Scantlebury
 Let me preface what I am about to say by letting you know that I LOVE ANNE LAMOTT ! Traveling Mercies resonated with me like no other book . Operating Instructions made me laugh and cry . This book however , left me feeling hollow and sad . It should have been called Further Thoughts on Anne 's huge anger problem with the president , her mother and her son . I can appreciate getting real and honest , but come on , some serious therapy is needed here . Her hatred of George Bush borders on the obscene . She lost me when she compared him to Osama Bin Laden . The George hatred takes up about five chapters . Hate is a major theme in this book . Unlike TRaveling Mercies which deals beautifully with the issue of faith , this book really is n't about that . I think she throws in a few thoughts about Jesus here and there so she can put that in the title . Despite all of this , Anne is till one of my favorite authors . I hope her next book is more like her previous non fiction attempts and not so devisive and political .
 I am a longtime Anne Lamott fan from Tiburon California , and a left-leaning democrat of eclectic but genuine faith . So you 'd think this would be right up my street . I think of Anne as part of home , but I fear she 's lost her mind . I loved Traveling Mercies
 I used to love Lamott 's writing , but this will probably be the last of her books that I buy . I was extremely disappointed in the underlying tone of bitterness and resentment . If she is truly a Christian , where is the joy ? Her take on Christianity is superficial and false . She writes , `` But in any case , we should try to stay on God 's good side . It 's not hard . God has extremely low standards . Pray , take care of people , be actively grateful for your blessings , give away your money -- you 're cool . You 're in . Nice room in heaven , flossing no longer required -- which is what will make it heaven for me . Oh , I mean that , and Jesus . '' Her ideas about God and Jesus are more cultural than biblical.Lamott 's rantings about George Bush and war in Iraq should have been omitted . We can hear that for free on CNN . Who wants to pay for that kind of drivel ? She should not write when she is in a really bad mood .
 I found this book so disappointing . One might expect more growth and love and tolerance from someone who embraced a spiritual path - how many years has it been ? The narcissism and whining and self-indulgence is wearing pretty thin . Like another reader , I will definitely take a closer look before investing in another book by Ms. Lamott , hoping to see some growth and transcendence .
 I like Ann 's method of writing
 This lady thinks that declaring herself a Christian and professing love , she can then do anything she wants . Well , I am sure she is a Christain and is full of love , but Jesus said Repent and do not sin anymore . He is the judge , not me . But I do n't have to enjoy her writing .
 The first Anne Lamott I read was `` Operating Instructions '' when my wife and I were awaiting our first child 13 years ago . I loved her biting humor and style of writing and went on to read many more of her books . It was with anticipation I picked up her latest tome , `` Plan B. . . '' and I ca n't tell you how disappointed I was when she started bashing George W. Bush within the first paragraph . I managed to struggle through it , bypassing many chapters where he rantings were too much to bear , and had a few laughs . Based on this book though I will never buy anything else written by her . I always knew she was an ultra-liberal , but since she was n't blatent in her writing it did n't bother me . Fooled once shame on her , fooled twice shame on me .
 I was incredibly disappointed with this book . I 've greatly loved everything else I 've read by Ms Lamott -LRB- Bird by Bird , Operating Instructions and Traveling Mercies were all phenomenally funny , real , and wise -RRB- , but this book seemed to be a mish-mash of nothingness . I was hoping for a further exploration of her faith , much in the same vein as Traveling Mercies , however , Plan B was less of a treatise on `` the journey '' and more of a vehicle to bash the Bush administration.What a disappointment .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- It will take the multiple panicked pumps of CPR to provide minimal resuscitation for a collection of jumbled stream of consciousness ramblings about streetwise spirituality a la Oprah Winfrey , M. Scott Peck and Dalai Lama/Deepak Chopra.Robin Williams has the cure for this sort of illiterature
 During a recent visit to my sister 's home , I found a copy of this book on the table , and sat down to read it with anticipation because of how much I had enjoyed -LRB- and was blessed by -RRB- Bird by Bird and Traveling Mercies . However , I was n't able to read far into the book before having to put it down with discouragement -- I was discouraged by reading this book and Lamott 's personal and arrogant sounding attacks against President Bush , and anyone with an opposing political perspective from her own , the same way I 'm discouraged when I read a conservative evangelicals ' blood curdling remarks against homosexuals and liberals . I do n't fault Lamott for having her opinions
 I have read and reread Ann Lamott 's book Traveling Mercies . I fell in love with the beautiful black women who helped her through her pregnancy . And their great capacity for love . Enjoyed her journey to God , it brought to mind how many of us take the circular route with many detours before we really receive God in our hearts . This book , however , was a great disappointment . Not many thoughts on Faith , a lot of thoughts about how much she hated George Bush , how depressed she and her friends were because if the Bush administration . If I want to read a book about politics I will buy a book about politics . I feel cheated.She already wrote why she makes Sam go to church . For some reason , probably not the authors fault , I can not seem to see Sam as a real breathing person.I could n't finish reading the book . I found it repetitious and boring , so much so I doubt that I want to read her latest book . I will probably try though hoping it will be more to my personal liking .
 A dreadful , awful , and utterly terrible book . I enjoyed Anne Lamott 's previous work but this one did nothing but anger me . Yuck . Read at your own risk .
 I really enjoyed Anne 's previous books , but this one is hit and miss . There is no real cohesive message outside of her ranting against President Bush , pro-life conservatives , etc. . She presents herself as a deeply committed Christian , and I honestly believe that she is , but then she says so many thoughtless , careless , and even arrogant things.Arrogance is perhaps the one characteristic that makes this book so rough on the windpipe . I believe that Anne Lamott has a big heart , but she also has a big mouth which often discounts her core message -LRB- but then again , one is never really sure if she actually has a ` core message ' -RRB- . I wish she would mature a little through her writing rather than regressing with every book .
 I bought this book based on Lamott 's previous writing . From the start it sounded like she had a mission to `` convert '' . It turned me off .
 If you are anything but a Bay-area , Bush-bashing , conservative-loathing liberal , this book -- gentle reader -- is not for you.While Traveling Mercies explored the tenuous , arbitrary connections that can make every-day faith funky,heart-wrenching and wonderful , Plan B is a rant . I love Anne so much , she is such a gutsy writer . But based on what I read in Plan B , Anne does n't love those of us who do n't agree with her politics.Here 's what I think
 Ask anyone who knows me , and I could n't speak a bad word about Anne Lamott 's craft . In Plan B , however , Lamott misses the mark in a big way -- perhaps the weakest book she 's written in years.My opinion does n't stem from her politics or religious views -- all very liberal fundamentalist -- but from the arrogance that comes through in her waterfall of words , like the very people she is speaking out against . For not liking George Bush very much , she shares his overconfidence.The stories , too , are more cliche -- and do n't connect with the reader ; her ordinarily witty descriptions of the world around her are flat and forced . One of the strengths of the previous books , Operating Instructions and Travelling Mercies for example , were her larger spiritual insights that transcended religion . In this one , however , Lamott mounted her soap box and comes off like a Jehovah 's Witness in dreadlocks.Not worth the read . There are plenty of other good books with a similar style -- which by the way Lamott tells her audiences is because they are trying to write like her .
 Lamott has obviously run out of gas . She should have stopped writing long ago . She seems to have lost her joy and her muse . This book drones on and on , and it 's a downer . It 's also preachy . It 's like a boring letter that goes on and on , but it 's not a good book to read . I 'm sorry I got it .
 I just did something I 've never done before . I returned a book to the bookstore for a refund . The book in question was Anne Lamott 's Plan B
 The book is well written ; Lamott certainly knows how to write . It is honest , but mere honesty does n't make a good book . Her hysterical and irrational reactions to , and descriptions of , George Bush are strikingly weird . It is n't that she just does n't like him ; she has a clear hatred of him , personalized in a way that is creepy ; she 's never met him . It is odd given that in the rest of the book she tries to assert her Christianity . Where is her own grace?There is no humor in this book to offset the sadness , anger , bitterness , and pain she emotes . After reading , I 'm surprised that Lamott has n't yet killed herself for all pain she feels , and all the horrors in the world she is surrounded by . She sees little joy in the world , and shares none of it with others . The emotions are n't interesting , but repetitive . I kept reading because it was an easy read , and I thought and hoped -- because it was Anne Lamott -- that it would somehow mean something . Unfortunately , this was just a bad , whining , self-indulgent book.If it were n't written by Anne Lamott , it never would have been published . And after this , I doubt I 'll read another book by her again . She seems to have succumbed to her fear of white male conservative republicans , and her bitterness obscures any positive attributes she may have had.If you MUST read this book -- wait , and it will be on the bargain shelf soon .
 Ideal fodder for any who rise to hyena-humour as epitome of laughability . Ridicules what she does n't understand . Loathes whom she should love with God 's love , even the unlovely and unloveable . As a non-Jew , great exception is taken to the level these excuses-for-thoughts sink to for yuks at others ' expense.Faith has nothing to do with what got trapped between the bindings and dust jacket .
 Anne Lamott is at her best when she 's writing about her faith and her kid ; she 's at her worst when she ventures into the realm of political commentary . Unfortunately , this book had too much of the latter and not enough of the former . There are some gems here , but not enough to make me recommend it .
 There is not enough cheese and crackers in this world to go along with the `` whine '' that Ms. Lamott serves up in Plan B. I have loved her previous works and based on their merit , I pushed on into this book , beginning each new chapter with hope and ending in dissappointment until I finally had to toss it into the garbage . It was tedious , from menopausal maladies to blaming George Bush for all the problems in her life . And God Himself , or `` Herself '' , as Ms. Lamott would say , seems to be a reflection of who SHE is and not the other way around . Yes , God loves us just the way we are but He also loves us too much to leave us that way ... except in her case apparently . I wanted to like it and I am sorry to say that it fell way below my expectations . Bummer .
 Words are not able to describe how loathsome this thing is . As a Christian , I found little Bible-faith and lots of bile . I could hardly believe how she envisioned 12 year-old Jesus as dissing Joseph His stepdad with ` you 're not even my dad so I do n't have to listen to you . . ' , and Mary standing by with a rock in her hand ... or something to that effect ? Bizarre !?! to treat Bible history this way !! It 's all very well to claim Jesus saved one 's life . But this salvation needs to extend to lifeSTYLE , which is sadly lacking here if her vocabulary , expletives , adolescent sass and profane misuse of English is any indication of how an author claiming ` true believer of the faith of Christ ' conducts the tongue . See James chapter 3 for a few pointed pointers on Christian conduct of conversing .
 Breezing through this book , it seemed captivating at first . But soon my sensibilities were jarred by how she treats accounts in the Bible . In one case , she imagines the apostles in the upper room on Good Friday depressed , drunk and cursing their fate with an ` F ' - epithet . Another essay was offensive by suggesting that when the Lord Jesus often went into the hills to pray , he might have been pulling back a few beers instead of actually praying . The last straw for me -LRB- a liberal Christian , by the way , active in prison ministry -RRB- was saying ` God ' spoke in `` her big mama voice '' . I love humor as much as the next reader . I relish the need for Grace and cutting lots of slack . But one could never imagine a respectful devout Jewish author writing that way about Old Testament heroes -LRB- Moses up on Mt. Sinai 40 days & nights for less noble purposes ? -RRB- , or a sincere Buddhist mocking the Dalai Lama or -LRB- Nirvana forbid ! -RRB- Gauthama Buddha himself ? Not gon na happen . Why must a person claiming ` card-carrying-Presbyterian ' status make fun at the expense of Christianity and its Holy Book?Thankful for small graces & blessings , this book was a gift that will soon be exchanged for Ken Davis ' `` Supersheep Tales '' by a real Christian comedian that came highly recommended .
 Sorry I just could n't get into any rhythm with her writing . It 's not so much the style as the substance of what she harps on that is a put-off . Much of what she says comes across in an engaging way , but then WHAMMO ! comes the inappropriate or out of place slam against someone or something she has intense disdain for -LRB- and NO Christian sympathy or extension of Jesus ' hallmark trait of forgiveness/compassion ?!? -RRB- . This strikes me as someone still searching but not finding objective , absolute truth outside of herself . Reading this collage of feelings and opinions , it 's clear what Jesus says in the Bible and what is shared in these pages are diametrically opposed . But to her way of thinking , that 's o.k. because it 's up to US as our own self-authenticating revealers of reality to find our OWN way - some Dalai Lama here , some mysticism there , some superstition here , some Buddha there , some new age meditation-cleansing here , a good luck charm scarlet bracelet there , some cuss words here , some ad nauseam venom against the president there , some liberal radicalness here , some misquoting the Bible there , etc. . Why she would choose to twist a key Bible verse -LRB- John 1:29 -RRB- dear to Christians into the fall-guy of a quasi-humorous anecdote about winning a free ham at the grocery store makes one wonder what sort of ` faith ' she is advocating . Raggedy Anne , object of Jesus ' sacrificial love on the Cross gifting her free and full forgiveness by Grace through repentant faith for her brokenness and sin , has become Ruggedly Animus -LRB- at least in print here -RRB- against the very Lamb of God Who takes away the sin of the world .
 I barely made it through 1 or 2 chapters before the cussing detracted from any points being made . My minister at our fairly liberal and ` inclusive-of-all-sinners-needing-Jesus-forgiveness ' church told me he was immensely offended at how she treats Christ in her writing . I was also shocked at the disrespect with utter disregard . Is there no holy shame ? Where is reverent adoration for The Savior ?
 Yes , I sit here totally heartbroken this morning at having to give a Lamott book 2 pitiful little stars . I read the intro poem at the front of the book and was mesmerized , inspired and excited . I read `` The Ham of God '' , the first essay and was in hog heaven -LRB- pun intended -RRB- and again , inspired and uplifted spiritually ! But as the essays went on , I could barely see Anne 's wonderful , quirky , irreverent , shining faith for her bitter , mean-spirited , totally out of place attacks on the `` right wing '' and the current administration . The book should more aptly be titled
 For one to understand why Hemingway wrote a book of this caliber , it must be understood that Sherwood Anderson , whom Hem parodied , had a contract with the same company Hemingway had signed a contract with . An offer had also been made by Scribner which was more prestiegeous of the two literary firms . To get out of the contract , Hem offered this book , which he knew would be turned down by the firm of Boni and Liveright , thus giving Hemingway the chance to accept the contract from Scribner . The contract essentially said that if the second book of a three book contract was turned down , Hemingway could break the contract . Hemingway knew that Boni and Liveright would never publish a book which lampooned Sherwood Anderson -LRB- one of the stars of Boni and Liveright -RRB- . Hemingway actually had other offers besides Scribner 's . He did , however , take Scribner 's offer , basically because he had given his word to Maxwell Perkins who worked at Scribner that he would work with them . The book was not intended as a great literary work , and thus must be examined in the light of which it is written . There are many funny idosyncrasies which Hem used for some of the characters in the book . Most of these came from people he knew there in Paris . Entertaining ? Yes it was to me . A great literary work ? It achieved what he was looking for . So you be the judge .
 Considering how good Lost Girls was , I was really looking forward to reading this book . However , it was extremely disappointing . First , Pyper should * not * have tried to write a book with a female main character . It took me about 15 pages to even realize it was a woman . Almost everything she said or did seemed unrealistic and/or forced to me . Also , there was no `` eeriness '' in this book like there was in Lost Girls . There were a few attempts at `` creepy '' scenes , but they just ended up being cheesy . The whole premise of the book was bland and unoriginal
 YOU CAN NOT BE SERIOUS has some great pictures of John McEnroe with Presidents Ronald Reagan , George Bush , and Bill Clinton , and some interesting stories about Jimmy Connors and Vitas Gueralitas.Chari Krishnan RESEARCHKING
 I was very disappointed in this autobiography that read more like an unauthorized biography without ANY juicy details written by someone who was NOT given access to his subject.If you did n't know who John McEnroe was or whom he married or how acrimoniously it ended , you would come away from this book with an unsympathetic portrait of a petulant , unpleasant , lonely man , a man who could have been ANY tennis player , not the number one player in the world . You would come away with many -LRB- MANY -RRB- descriptions of tennis plays -LRB- !!! -RRB- of twenty years past , meaningless descriptions of tennis action you could have read in the New York Post , and probably have . In the photo of his first win at Wimbledon , he is down on his knees . In the book he says , `` and I had my first Wimbledon . '' Whoopie.John McEnroe emerges as a person who was miserable when he was number one in the world , miserable when he was down , miserable when he was alone , and miserable when he was married . His tennis career , his first wedding , the anticipation and the birth of his children , his early fathering , his split with Tatum , all show him to be wretched and unhappy . He is a man who did n't seem to enjoy anything , not his God given talent , not his thousands of tennis matches , not his friends , not his materially comfortable life . If he did enjoy it , he does n't show us , though he does TELL us many times how much he loves his kids -- while being away from them more than half the year.The book is dishonest because McEnroe keeps all the good scenes of his life to himself . His day to day life , what his relationship with Tatum was like before it soured , the workings of his failed marriage , his own drug use , his wife 's drug use , what it was like to be a father yet travel thirty weeks of the year , and who took care of his kids -LRB- was it Tatum ? Was it the nanny ? -RRB- Why Tatum was not a good mother , how her motherhood and his fatherhood manifested itself , how her drug use manifested itself -LRB- did she use drugs ? If you yawn , you 'll miss the sentence where he says so -RRB- all these are hidden from the reader . Perhaps he does n't feel it 's his place to divulge such private details about himself and other people in his life . Then what in the world did he write an autobiography for ? Those are best written when one is not afraid of showing the reader what one 's life was really like , perhaps when one is much much older . As it is , McEnroe is so afraid he only alludes to his own drug use -LRB- `` do n't ask , '' he says -RRB- alludes to his promiscuity while single and his faithlessness while married . What he tells us about the details of his life is more superficial than an Enquirer article . Even in descriptions of his own verbal abuse antics on the court , he TELLS us he was abusive , but he shows little and remains so afraid of being indiscreet or offensive , he even uses asterisks in the few places where he attempts to show us what expletives he used in humiliating the umpires ! In this book he concentrates on telling us tennis play by plays , teling us how abominably he acted on the court , calling himself an idiot , proceeding to act abominably , ad nauseam . There is very little here that is more than People magazine trite.But there are some things here
 To be honest , I was never a big fan of McEnroe . Sure , he was an amazing tennis player and it was a joy to watch him play . Until he opened his mouth ! But in recent years , I had begun to admire his commentating style . He had insite into the game , and wonderful behind-the-scenes stories which made watching a match much more enjoyable.I purchased this book hoping there would be something that would find me liking him for the player he was all those years ago . Unfortunately , what I found was what a lot of other reviewers found - an ego the size of Texas and an astonishing lack of remorse or repentance for his inexcusable behavior while on the court . I have never heard so many excuses in my life . For every emotional explosion or match he lost there was , to quote him , `` reasons , not excuses . '' It takes a mature man to be able to say `` I played a bad match '' and leave it at that . He just does n't seem capable of doing that . Unfortunately , this book is really nothing more than 300 pages of Mac trying to explain to us why we should n't hold him accountable for his actions and/or losses - that we should blame the conditions surrounding them instead as he so obviously does .
 This is a very breezy and elliptical biography that does n't scratch the top layer of whomever John McEnroe is . The kinds of insights here are what you 'd expect strangers at a dinner party to gladly reveal of themselves without provocation -LRB- much less twenty bucks -RRB- . I mean , John McEnroe was arguably the most charismatic athlete of the 20th century . But I 'm reading his book and feeling that he missed out on the entire train ride himself . I 'd have loved for some real insight on what it was like to be such a competitor and to keep come out winning -- sometimes despite yourself . How did that work for him ? At what cost ? We 're not told . He never reveals what was going on inside his head when he would melt down on court or what he was like preparing for matches . He 'll tell you that he used to cry when he lost , but not what he was thinking . He authors the story as though all of his achievements and misdeeds just burst out of the blue . He sounds so passive . He does n't attempt to account for who he is.There 's no life or excitement to this book . Perhaps this explains for the gratuitous insertions of exclamation points to tart-up the otherwise turgid prose . Like this!I 'm very disappointed in this book . If you 're going to write an autobiography , then say something to the reader who is -LRB- presumably -RRB- already interested in your life that will enlighten his knowledge of you . I do n't know where to strike the balance between this remote and reserved style of biography and a heart-on-the-sleeve tearjerking tell-all . But you know what ? That 's not my job . Game . Set . Match .
 You know , when someone is the BEST at something , it would be interesting to read about the thought processes , the feelings , the joy and agony behind holding this position . What this book was , was a play-by-play commentary of every match McEnroe ever played , and I mean EVER ! I was half-way through the book and was shocked when he was only up to his 19th year . Get to Tatum already!We can watch the great matches on ESPN2 . What we ca n't see is how McEnroe thinks . He manages to down-play every life event from championships to the birth of his children until they are as exciting as watching paint dry.Believe it or not , I wanted to know about Farrah and Ryan , the `` mystery celeb girlfriend '' and about how he did wild and crazy things in his youth . It seemed as though he wrote this book cautiously , deliberately censoring adult language in case his kids might stumble onto it . Is this really the place to apologize to everyone in your family '' -LRB- Sorry Mom ! -RRB- '' ? If there is anyone that deserves an apology , it 's the fans that have listened to his temper tantrums all of these years and the youth that have watched his example and now think it 's OK to loose control of yourself while playing a GAME.And please , do n't get me started on the rock musician portion of the book ! Carlos Santana dedicated a song to him . WOW ! I mean , if your are going to go on AND ON about how cool music is , talk about how it affected your game , training , mood , etc. . You ca n't live in New York or Los Angeles without rubbing elbows with musicians , John . Unless you 're going to discuss an influence they had on you , you 're only going to sound star struck .
 I consider John McEnroe to be the finest announcer in all of sport . His insights are keen ; his humor at once good natured and dry ; his enthusiasm contagious . Why James Kaplan elected to dilute Mac at his best I do n't know . It could be , of course , that Mac himself is too blame . This autobio suggests , though , that while Mac would recognize that he might deserve such blame , his bluntness in such an admission should not be mistaken for his own allegiance to the position . In other words , he _ suggests _ blame as an option , while at once offering more self-serving possibilities . The result of his repeated such strategy is a book that reads most obliquely . Somehow , Mac 's obliqueness is not what I most wanted , or expected , from this far-too-cautious -LRB- political ? -RRB- treatment . That he refuses to name drop -LRB- when it matters -RRB- and that he is downright elusive in terms of his own articulation of his own vices might be admirable -- the busy reader may indeed deserve nothing more . But when combined with his failure to nail down his own positions regarding the very center of the book -- himself -- the result is evasive at best , and elitist or exclusive at worst . I opened the book ready to love Mac all the more having read it
 As a long time fan of professional tennis , and John McEnroe in particular , I was tremendously disappointed in this one . Most of the book reads like a box score of a tennis match . McEnroe describes matches in agonizing detail . I was amazed that he remembered these matches so explicitly ; perhaps he watched video of them while writing the book . There is painfully little about his personal life . I read Tatum O'Neal 's book just before this one , and was curious to read McEnroe 's take on their marriage . While I admired him for not taking an opportunity to trash his ex , he does n't disclose much about why their marriage failed , or why his current marriage succeeds . I suppose he wanted to keep some things private , which is certainly understandable ; but if that 's the case , why write an autobiography in the first place ?
 Arguably one of the most charasmatic and colorful athletes of the 80 's has written a ... boring account of his life . McEnroe has written a `` tell-nothing '' book which pits him as the noble , misunderstood guy of tennis , and -LRB- relative -RRB- clean-cut athlete . All the while he is quick to criticize other players on and off court behavior and greed -LRB- namely Jimmy Connors -RRB- . You would think a mercurial and brilliant athlete , who revolutionized his sport , and then married a famous child actor / heroin addict , would have an interesting tale to tell . Guess again.The book is drowned in sportspage type writing , where Johnny Mac painfully accounts hundreds of matches throughout his brilliant carreer -LRB- who cares who McEnroe played in the 1979 Milan Open in the 3rd round ? -RRB- . When it comes to providing insights into what was life like on the tour , and what drove him to be the best player and worst behaved ; McEnroe is way off the mark and sheepish.McEnroe has never been accused of being a saint and you definitely get the sense he was privied to some wild offcourt experiences , but he never divulges . Probably to protect his image and family.In the end , the only real takeaway from the book is McEnroe is a bitter , greedy , self-serving , and selfish human being .
 I give this book a C-minus . I hate to say this , but John was alot more entertaining and credible when he was acting out on the court.I 'm glad he 's now a devoted dad and husband , but he sure did n't own up to much of his past behavior in this book . Unfortunately , that part was glossed over.It would have been interesting for John to have been more candid in describing his `` temper tantrums '' as a contrast to what he is today . Instead , most of what we read is about the new , improved John , the devoted husband and father . -LRB- I thought an autobiography was supposed to be revealing and honest ? -RRB- Also , I do n't like what he wrote about his relationship with Tatum O'Neil . He writes about only one side of her and leaves out anything positive . It 's as if he does n't want the reader to know that he once loved this woman , that she was -LRB- and is -RRB- a viable human being . And not only that , he never seems to bring up his contribution to the break up of their marriage . He throws just enough negative stuff into the book about Tatum and her family as though to justify the ending of their marriage.Unfortunately , younger readers of this book will never learn about of John 's antics on the court and how , in a crazy sort of way , they contributed to the history of tennis in the seventies and eighties.This could have been a much better book had it been written more honestly .
 This is extremely disappointing for me as I do n't feel that I get anything out of this book . The beginning of the book which I find most interesting deals with how John McEnroe began his tennis career and a little background information about himself . It also depicts the life of a young tennis player , the expectations and pressure that he had to deal with . Also somewhat interesting was the politics of tennis , the importance of ranking and in general the world of tennis players . However , three quarters of the book deals with the career of McEnroe , detailing every match he had ever played . It can be extremely boring after 50 pages of the same thing and I think he should have only highlighted some of the more important matches of his career . I can not but help feel that he seems to go into great length of matches that he won but mentioned briefly those that he lost . A reviewer said if you 're not a tennis fan , this is not the book for you . However , I would like to say if you 're not a McEnroe fan , you should definitely avoid this book.As a tennis fan , I thought there would be more insights in this book but was brutally disappointed . If you are hoping to get motivations , personal struggle , rags to riches type stories , this will not be the book . The book is shallow and personally , I find myself not respecting McEnroe as much as I did before I read his book . I have to agree with another reviewever that he seems to find excuses in what seems like everything such as his divorce to his first wife , lost matches , fines , etc. .
 I admit to being in the habit of not finishing a book , temporarily ; however , it is rare that I skip chapters to get to the end and never care to read what I missed . This was a difficult read ... or rather difficult to read.When you have lived a public life , it must not be easy to share what we -LRB- the public -RRB- have already seen in a way that is as interesting as the live moment that we have already witnessed . For John , it was almost impossible . It was painfully obvious that unlimited exclamation points were relied on to bring life to stories that should have had enough energy on their own . And that brief parenthetical phrases were used in place of a more in-depth telling of the John McEnroe story . Instead the book read like a drawn out People Magazine article , cropped and unengaging.Unfortunately , the book was as disappointing as John 's Borders Bookstore visit to SF . He obliged his audience with autographs but sent word ahead of his arrival that he did not want to talk about the book . Did he really think we were there to get his signature ?? I hoped the book would redeem his lack of interest in his audience , however , instead it highlighted how little he actually wants to say . Unlike other autobiographical reads that deserve their adoring audience , this one was not worth the time or the money .
 I found this book to be a little dull . The bulk of it is just a chronological listing of his matches , with a little insight from John about the match . He does talk a little bit about his antics , his marriages , and other non-match related stuff , but not enough for me . If you loved Johnny Mac back in the 80 's I guess you would like this , but for the rest of us , I would pass on this book .
 I always adored McEnroe since my childhood . I am a tennis player and dreamed of being to the top someday . But since I chose to put studies first before my tennis , my dream did n't materialized . I just wondered what is the life of a tennis player would be . Through this book . I learned a lot of things . I learned to hate John , I did n't expect how a terrible person he is . But , I was amazed of a traveling tennis guys life.John put on this book what he really is , without the fear of other people might say . There is no magical about John as a person . I only like his talent , what he achieved and playing for the country . I wished that his talent went to another guy with a good personality , tennis would be a better sports .
 Kennedy belongs to the cult of victimhood . The book artlessly documents how her deliberate choices led to unwanted -- but not surprising -- results . She leaves college , employment , and marriage because she finds them banal . Declares it would `` be stupid to get pregnant '' when she is n't financially stable , yet goes off the Pill and has one child after another . A dreamer , not a doer , with delusions of grandeur , she only occasionally questions her actions . The title is a misnomer , and the book detracts from the plight of the real homeless without nets .
 It is a sad statement that in America , do something stupid , irresponsible , or even reprehensible , many times you are rewarded with a book deal , a reality TV show , guest-hosting some mindless TV program or exclusive rights to their story & actually make money off it . It is even sadder that we the people seem to sometimes elevate these people to folk hero/heroine status , regarding the adversities they suffered as proof of their inner strength or something like that . This is another such case . As many have pointed out , the writer made bad decision after bad decision . And these were n't reasonable decisions that turned negative but anybody with any common sense could have seen the consequences . She drops out of college ; hads 3 children by the time she is in her early 20 's ; marries a man who is decidedly unstable ; lives beyond their means ; follows her husband 's insane idea of living like a hermit when he has a family ; and finally moves out & starts living in her car with her children rather than ask her family or social services for help . Descending from middle class to homelessness can certainly happen , - job loss , disease ... & the effect is devastating . However , reading her book , it seemed to me she never really had that wrenching feeling inside of her ... maybe after living in a cabin in Maine she had gottten accustomed to a Bohemian sort of life . And that 's the feeling I got , she was more counterculturish -LRB- without the political connotations -RRB- than homeless . Also it seems Stone Harbor , ME is a wealthy , touristy town with a sense of community & little crime which enabled her to live that lifestyle , & let 's face it , she had a job , a car & stable , loving parents & friends -LRB- & like many others , I 'm dumbfounded she did n't go to them , which strenghtens my feeling she was roughing it partly by choice , maybe subconsciously she was trying to one-up her husband -RRB- . Nevertheless she did endanger her children ... & I doubt she could have continued that lifestyle in Maine 's winter . Of course , this was n't an easy 3 months for her , I 'll grant that , but then again , those who say `` I could have never survived that '' underestimate their strength ; people have tremendous resilience in difficult situations . There are many ` ordinary ' people who have gone to Africa or India to help the poor , the sick & the needy , & they live under far more stressful circumstances than living in a car in a safe , wealthy American town . Oh & finally how does she come out of that situation ? By marrying a man -LRB- who was at that time another woman 's boyfriend ! -RRB- & becoming a dependent homemaker once again ! I guess one can call that an accomplishment . The book is easy to read , but so shallow that it feels like a teenager 's diary , easy , but does n't really touch you .
 Oh , what a sorry alternative to Nickel and Dimed . Here , Michelle Kennedy purports to describe her `` poor choices '' and descent into homelessness with three children . She 'd like us to believe she was a careful , attentive mother . But she creates phony characters -- a colorful landlord , a physician 's wife who decides to do childcare for $ 2 an hour , friendly cops . Baloney . This woman is half-crazy and married a man who was fully crazy . Now she 's got four children and a book deal . Puh-leeze .
 Like many other reviewers , I found the author 's passitivity and willingness to blame `` the system '' for a situation she squarely chose to put herself into maddening . Ms. Kennedy does n't finish college -LRB- mistake # 1 -RRB- . She has three kids in quick succession , stays home with them , and never makes an effort to get any kind of skill training for herself , or get a job , even though she knows her marriage is rocky - she just keeps depending on her husband for support , knowing the bottom could drop out at any time -LRB- Mistake # 2 -RRB- . She passively sits by while her husband makes some incredibly stupid decisions that she knows threaten the economic survival of her family -LRB- Mistake # 3 -RRB- . She then sits around blaming her husband for his inability to take care of the family rather than getting off her duff and doing something herself that will bring in income -LRB- Mistake # 4 -RRB- . Then she ends up homeless and makes her kids live in the family car , because she 's too proud to ask her family , or social service agencies , for help . She gets a series of menial jobs and makes her kids stay in dangerous and threatening situations so that she can make an attempt at earning a living . The worst part ? This is n't a `` down-and-out mom makes good by pulling herself up by her bootstraps '' story . Ms. Kennedy 's way out of homelessness and poverty is n't hard work - it 's latching on to yet another man who will support her , and having another baby.As a feminist this book made me sick . Women ending up without resources to support themselves is absolutely the reason why the feminist revolution occurred - to give women options so they can earn a living and not end up living out of a car with their three kids . Instead , the author makes poor choice after poor choice and then seems to blame society for her dire situation , rather than herself . The bottom line is that no woman , in this day and age , is helpless to help herself and her children out of a bad situation . There are social service agencies , there are job-training programs . You do not have to rely on a man for support unless you choose to . Ms. Kennedy chose to travel the path of passitivity and inaction , it was n't chosen for her . There are some major Cinderella Complex issues here , that Ms. Kennedy chooses to overlook . The answer to poverty is n't having baby after baby with no means of supporting them other than relying on whatever guy you 're hooked up with at the time , it 's getting educated and learning some skills so you can earn a decent living.I can only hope that young women in dire straits reading this book do n't think their only way up and out of poverty or homelessness is latching onto a man . Because that is n't true . Women today have many options besides the `` have a baby so your man will stick around to support you '' scheme . It 's a shame Ms. Kennedy could n't have created her own story about success without having to resort to that tired tactic . I do n't recommend this book to any strong woman who has pride in her ability to create a future for herself through hard work and effort . Because that 's not what the author did .
 If I could give this book 0 stars , I would ! I bought this book , read it in a night and have never been so upset in my life . This is basically the story of a selfish , thoughtless woman who stumbles through life pulling her three children with her . Why would you get married just to get a better financial aid package ? Why could n't she take leave of absence , work , & save up money for school ? Marriage is not supposed to be used as a convenience to more easily fund your education . You do what I did - work in the summer , work during the school year and take education loans . Then , why would you continue to get pregnant knowing that your husband does n't seem to really be involved with you or the children ? And finally , why on the earth would you move with your three children to a log cabin in the woods of Maine with just a wood fire for heat & no running water ? Had I been one of her neighbors , I would have called Child Protective Services to have the children taken away from her - children should have adequate food , clothing , shelter and supervision which she was unable to give them . Additionally , why did n't she pursue her husband for child support so that she could have enough money to pay for the kids ?? DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK ! If you want to read about the truly homeless and/or working class , buy Nickel & Dimed , The Working Poor , Getting By On The Minimum , and many other good books .
 if you do n't buy this book , you 're not missing out on much.this book was very disappointing.it 's not a true depiction of a homeless life , for the author is homeless only for 3 months in her life -LSB- thank god -RSB- . even though it 's great that she found a stable life soon , 3 months is not enough to describe how a homeless person feels and what he or she goes through.the author does describe each daily routine in detail but never really explains why she ca n't disclose her homelessness to her parents . she keeps saying that they -LSB- her parents -RSB- are already very disappointed with her and that she doesnt want to worry them any further , but never really shares with us why that is so.why is homelessness her only option?she fails to explain that or give any insight on that matter altogether.she 's not rich to begin with , then why does she keep having babies?the only reason she gives for her growing brood is that she 's allergic to condoms ... surely , there are other ways to prevent conception.furthermore , the author seems to be a selfish person in the sense that just because she does n't have a stable life , she snatches someone else 's boyfriend -LSB- even though he reminds her , ` this is not right ' -RSB- to make a life of her own.she sheepishly justifies this action by informing the readers that his girlfriend and he -LSB- the author 's love interest -RSB- had been having some problems anyway.on the whole this book is very unsatisfactory . it explains what it wants to it and leaves out the rest.you get the feeling , that the author is n't being honest about her experiences as a homeless person . she only tells you what will get her pity and conveniently cuts short the less noble deeds.this story , of a mother ; homeless for 3 months , with her 3 young kids could have been written much better i 'm afraid .
 This book is just awful . I am quite sympathetic to the homeless problem and thought this book would provide me with a little more insight as to why people are homeless and how they deal with it . The truth is that this woman was not really in the kind of dire straights most homeless people are in . For one thing , her parents would have taken her in if they knew she was living in her car , regardless of their being disappointed in her . She should have been arrested for endangering her children 's lives by leaving them in her car while she worked in a bar . She could have gone to a shelter or something but she did n't even try . She preferred instead to endanger her children 's lives . The `` happy '' ending comes when she steals another woman 's boyfriend who she meets at the bar . She made every stupid , selfish choice a woman in her position could have made , and we are to feel sorry for her ? The only ones I feel sorry for are her children . It 's unfortunate that this woman is set up to represent the homeless . If I thought all homeless people were like her I 'd say , forget them all , they 're idiots . I 'm just glad that I borrowed this book instead of buying it ... she does n't deserve to make money from this phony-balony portrait of the homeless . In fact , she 's doing them a diservice .
 Reading this was ok , not terribly well written , but good enough to be entertaining . Critiquing the writing of the book vs. the actions of the author I know are two differnt things , but the writing style was nothing outstanding to remark on , really.She becomes homeless from a stream of not so wise choices of her own and yes , she does what she can for the moment to make their lives livable . She succeeds in getting an apartment and a better job after about three months of being homeless.Then once she is living as a normal person in an apartment on her own , she gets a great job and starts living again ... great , but it didnt last.First thing she does is move in with a boyfriend , quit the awesome paying job and gets pregnant a fourth time . Are you kidding me?This book made me crazy because the author did so many stupid things . However , that being said , it did point out to me yet again that the worst thing a woman can do for herself is allow her husband to take care of her 100 % . She should have known better . What did she expect ? She wasnt even doing what she wanted to do by staying home and having babies - she wanted adventure and life ... yet she chose what ? Living off her husband and taking no precautions against babies when she knew they werent ready for them . No wonder her husband wasnt happy . Maybe it was a differnt time , maybe not . In any case , She is the one who made the choices to become homeless . It wasnt her husband , it wasnt her parents ... she walked away from bad choices she made.I have no doubt that there could possibly be a sequal to the story about `` my homeless life and FOUR babies '' after all she learned nothing from being on the streets for three months and went RIGHT back to living off a man , barely supporting herself and her kids , and pregnant once again . She learned nothing .
 This is defintly not my idea of a page-turning book and I hope it is n't your either . My 9th grade teacher had our class read this over the summer . If you 're assigned to this book , please !! Oh please try and get out of the assignment . This book is no fun and my best suggestion is to skip the 11/2 chapter and you should be better off . All it really talks about is the heath and that is n't really important . Good luck to you all and may god be with you .
 Imagine my disappointment when , after reading all of the reviews about Alan Rickman 's great reading style , I get this audio book in the mail only to find that it 's actually read by Peter Jeffrey . Alan Rickman 's name is n't even on the jacket .
 The novel deals with modern day issues and concerns in a 19th century european-heath setting . Native , has some interesting events and characters , but the setting description is too verbose . While the main characters are together , Hardy neglects all `` love '' human emotions . Eustacia loves Paris , no man . Hardy does not focus on the inner , only the outer side of life . Hardy neglects some of the characters such as thomasin and the reddleman , leaving us to think `` who were they ? '' Just skip the first couple chapters and read `` Return of the Native ''
 I had -LRB- note the word had , not got -RRB- to read Return of the Native for Honors English . If you 're one of those people that likes to just sit back and relax and read a nice easy to follow , understandable book , DO N'T read this one . However , if you can handle the Heath peoples ' odd speech , an exotic word choice , and long , drawn out descriptions of EVERYTHING , this book 's for you ! I think Return of the Native had a good , interesting plot , but it was so long winded that it was hard to pay attention -LRB- I fell asleep everyday in that class for two weeks reading this -RRB- .
 First of all , this review is slightly biased . I 'm a junior in high school and was assigned to read Return of the Native for english class . Maybe I would enjoy it more if I had picked it up on my own , but I 'm not so sure . So , I 'll try to be as objective as possible . My single biggest problem with Return of the Native is its damned wordiness . Hardy is somehow able to say so much without saying anything at all . This is understandable , if you know the history of the book . It was a Victorian novel - meaning it was published as a serial . As such , Hardy was paid by the word . Therefore , he uses A LOT of words . Hey , everyone has to make a buck . Quick example - One entire chapter is devoted to a physical description of one character . Please ... The writing is not bad . At times , Hardy 's descriptions are quite beautiful . The problem is , when you turn the page you 're still reading the same beautiful description . Then a few paragraphs later that beautiful description persists in its beautiful descriptiveness . Eventually it gets to the point where you want to take that beautiful description and pound it over the head with its own bloated leg . Hardy also loves those allusions -- I ca n't tell if he 's trying to write a novel or impress me with his trivial knowledge of Greek mythology . The plot could use some work as well ... it 's really just a convoluted boy meets girl story , with no deep meaning hidden underneath . Hardy 's supposedly a realist when it comes to human nature , but in the end , the `` good '' characters find happiness and the `` bad '' characters get what 's coming to them . Not quite as realistic as I might like ... Most of the characters annoyed me ... except Diggory Venn , he 's the man . If you want a good boy-meets girl story that reveals something about human nature skip Return of the Native and read the Great Gatsby . It has one third the length but three times the impact . And it 's just as beautiful .
 This novel is very long and very tedious in it 's detail and desciption of events . Not for the casual reader .
 In this not so thrilling , spinetingling book , the three main characters are caught up in a love triangle . While the intro of the book is tragicly boring , taking a chapter and a half just to describe the heath . It 's dialogue will leave you slumbering . The ending of the book will also make you think what the heck was this author on when he wrote this .
 I truly feel sorry for anyone who is required to read this book . It is by far one of the worst pieces of literature I have ever read , and I read a lot of books.I found there was no suspense to the writing , since from the beginning , the reader was able to suspect what the outcome was going to be , and was proven right by the time you read the last paragraph . I personally found the book boring to read , because I guessed what the outcome was going to be , and every chapter confirmed my suspicions . I found the plot development to be very poor , with stereotypes imbedded in several characters , especially the main character.I do n't wish to give away the ending of the book completely , but I will say this much -- when you base your whole plot on a madman , is there any plot at all ? The author uses his `` villian '' as a crutch , using the character 's lunacy as an escape route for any unbound plot threads.I personally recommend you do n't waste your time on this book , if you 're looking for a some good classics , try `` Jane Eyre '' or `` David Copperfield '' .
 The cover description of this novel grabbed my interest when I saw it in the bookstore , so I decided to give it a try . It 's the first book I have struggled with in a while . And it 's not because it 's hard to read ; far from it . The characters are , simply put , not interesting . I did n't care for a single one of them , not even the `` detective '' of the story , Robert Audley , or the `` enchanting '' and `` mysterious '' heroine herself , Lady Audley . There was some good bits of suspense , and a few bits of mystery , but because of the flat characters this really did little to compensate .
 Well , I do believe it has become some sort of a duty I feel I must fulfill , since reading this book , to let anyone who may consider reading it know , -LRB- that is , unless they must read it for a class , in which case they must just be strong , such as Jesus * acted upon learning he must die for all of our wicked ways , and trudge along warily -RRB- , that this book is unadulterated soap-opera drivel , which , clearly , must be avoided at all costs . While the plot may be quite entertaining for a moment here and a paragraph there , in the hands of another writer , such as Oscar Wilde , who satirized and poked fun at this style of popular three-volume sensation rubbish in his excellent `` The Importance of Being Earnest '' , could have been a quite good read . Instead , we must wade slowly through the shallow rivers of lofty verbiage , forcing ourselves to stay awake at nights book in hand , shuddering at the mere thought of having read just one of two thirds of it and already knowing what will happen in the most predictable ending . Many people seem to enjoy this meaningless refuse , which only proves , such as I 've expected many times before , that the masses clearly have no idea what 's good and , of course , what is n't . * See `` The New Testament ''
 Lady Audley 's Secret is a wonderful novel , worthy of all the praise in these reviews . The edition advertised , however , is not the one the reviewers are talking about . According to the `` This Product '' frame , this edition was published Dec 23 , 2011 . Only one of these reviews was published after that date , and it is a complaint about the condition of a used copy . This edition , which has the title at the top of the cover , the author 's name `` M. E. Braddon '' at the bottom , and a photograph of a young Victorian woman in the middle , has no introduction , no appendices , no front or back matter of any kind . It does not even give the author 's first names , or the original date of publication . It says nothing about which edition is the source of the text . The text of this edition begins
 Please stop mixing books with DVD 's when the request to SEE DVDs is what is requested . NOT BOOKS , I was so mad when I recieved a BOOK when I had requested to SEE DVD 's for sale .
 I usually love a Dickens novel . This one is so choppy and boring that I may not even finish reading it . As a reading teacher , that goes against everything I believe about literature .
 From an historical perspective this book might have some merit , but judging by contemporary standards it is not to be recommended
 This book was a total waste of my time . do n't get me wrong though im a very avid reader but , DAG !! was Dickens intending for his book to be so boring or did it just mistakenly happen . The characters were hard to understand and so was the plot . ONe character in particular got on my last nerve
 I picked up this book at B&N ; because I had just read two Jane Austin novels and I thought this would be a light read . I was wrong . The beggining and the end had a purpose in the story but the middle could have been much , much shorter and the ending made a little longer.I liked the character of Mr. Bounderby . He was very well developed . I would even say over-developed , but he was the only one . How did Sissy influence the youngest Gradgrind ? Why did n't we know of Mrs. Bounderbys inner turmoil till she ran to her father ? Every character had something missing . What happened to Mr. Bounderby once he was found out ? Why is Sissy so special and what did she really do for the family?It was a long book where nothing much happened until the last quarter and when it finally ended I felt cheated because it lacked a complete story line and full characters . The story line could have been forgiven if I was more satisfied with the characters .
 Pretty much , the beginning and the middle of this book is pretty dull . The thing that really saves it towards the middle . So I would not read this book if you are looking for something gripping or that will really make you eager to find out what is going to happen next . The book is simply put a drama with no positive turning points until the end . The ending of a book is really inportant to me . This book has a good ending , so that raises the from my point of view.The book was kind of hard to follow for me . One of the main reasons for this is the fact that there are too many characters . There is at least twenty . Some of these characters are Louisa , Mr. Bounderby , Mr. Gradgrind , Sissy Jupe , and Stephen Blackpool . Stephen Blackpool 's story was very sad and really affected my emotions as I read it . I also felt that Sissy Jupe went through a lot but stayed strong through her troubles.The basic storyline is this
 I picked up Hard Times preparing to enjoy it since Charles Dickens is my favorite author . While not going so far to say that I was disappointed , I will say that it was the first Charles Dickens novel that I almost felt like not finishing . Not only is the plot rather humorless , but the characters are charmless and almost uninteresting . If it hadnt been written by Dickens then I may have liked it better but as it was it did not have any of Dickens usual charm and humor .
 This book was terrible ! Half the characters did not have an ending and no main character is apparent . Then again , I 'm a freshman in high school and may be a little inexperienced to judge so harshly . I personally dislike Dicken 's wordy style of writing because it 's easy to get lost . If you like Dickens , and you do n't mind his writing style I 'm sure you would probably disagree with me . I 'll give it a two .
 Charles Dickens did for the art of literature what the 80 's did for music
 this book is hard to understand and boring
 Hard Times is a book written in older Brittish convention style . The way this story was written I could hardly understand , because I ` am not used to reading the older english version.A book like this one would be for someone who can definitly read , and understand almost every form of writing . It 's mainly about innocent lives simply being tooken away.This included family , adults , and children , knowing at that time age did n't matter.If you were one of killer 's victoms , most likely you would lose your life.That is what made it so hard for many people to calmly contiue on with thier lives ' , because they were worried about their safty.Just letting you know , I would not recommend reading this book , If you 're someone like me who dos n't understand the old english version used in this text.This story included characters such as Mr.Marmel , the Welp , Mr.Grandgrind , Hart House , Mrs. Pegler and Rachel.They are all involved in those particular pressures of life in that city . So if you believe you have the right tools to recieve what `` Hard Times '' is spouting out to you , I will not hold you back . I say give it a try .
 Any Dickens book can be summarized in two words
 `` Is there anything more dull than this damn book ? '' - Gradgrind
 This is not Dickens at his best . No offence to the narrator , who does a good job but I think the story itself is rather boring . Especially when compared with his classics `` Great Expectations '' , `` A Christms Carol '' and `` A Tale of Two Cities '' .
 I found Hard Times to be a particularly boring novel . I also purchased the matching audiobook which I listened to on a long drive . There should be a warning label ! The darn thing puts you to sleep faster than listening to Stephen Hawking all day ... anesthetized ! Why not one star ? I like Dickens , what can I say ?
 Third in the Covert-One series , this novel opens with a literal bang . Someone has destroyed with explosives one of the laboratory buildings in the famed Pasteur Institute . Not only is the building leveled , but also in the raging fire that followed , the world 's first DNA or molecular computer was destroyed as well as its creator Dr. Emile Chamberland . For Covert-One agent Jon Smith the attack is personal as his good friend Dr. Marty Zellerbach was gravely injured . In addition , because of some very strange events surrounding military communications , there is a possibility the computer was not destroyed and may be in the hands of terrorists.Soon , Jon Smith arrives in Paris and finds his good friend lying near death in a coma . In fact , Jon Smith arrives just in time to prevent a second murder attempt on his friend 's life . At the same time , someone apparently using the new computer manages to bring down the entire United States utility and communication grids . Deaf and blind , the United Sates stands vulnerable to attack and the terrorists seem to be seeing how much havoc they can cause before they launch their final cataclysmic strike . With the fate of the world in the balance as well as his friend 's life , Jon begins to follow the complex trail to the terrorists and their secret lair.While that is the premise of what could have been a very enjoyable book , the execution is fatally flawed . Despite it 's Bond style ending , much of this book commits the cardinal sin for any thriller . Boredom . This book is an incredible flat , dull read and quite a disappointment . This book is work to read and becomes a long march through the mud of boredom to reach the closing fifty pages that are mediocre at best.While for long time readers of the late Robert Ludlum it has always been clear that this series did not stand up to Ludlum standards , the other two novels were at least fairly enjoyable . Both The Hades Factor -LRB- Coauthor Gayle Lynds -RRB- and The Cassandra Compact -LRB- coauthor Philip Shelby -RRB- while overwritten at times featured plenty of action and engaged the reader at least somewhat . However , in this novel , the overwriting is extremely prevalent throughout the novel and the read is entirely flat and without emotion . Even in scenes where , for example , terrorists are attacking Marty 's hospital room , the sense of emotion or nerve-racking danger prevalent in Ludlum works is nowhere apparent.The boredom factor is enhanced by the fact that released as a large trade paperback ; this novel is 425 pages long . One gets the sense that the authors were paid by the word . Or that Gayle Lynds was unable to correctly follow Robert Ludlum 's famous multi hundred plus page outline to properly create the work . The result is a novel that is seriously weaker than the first novel of the series , which she co-authored , and a sign that the series may die without the influence of the legendary master .
 Totally unbelievable , poorly written and edited and a waste of time and money . I almost gave up at page 105 when the hero checks into the hotel after running around Paris from 6am to late at night . He visits his comatose friend in hospital and fights off an assassin there , meets different people in various locations across the city , fighting off another set of bad guys and slips into a nightclub all the while evading tails by taking circuitous routes via the Metro . And he 's presumably lugging his suitcase and laptop with him all this time ! Some operative !! I sodiered on hoping it would improve and finally gave up 100 pages later .
 Like other reviewers , I will read a book to the end no matter how bad . Characters were too predictable as was the outcome . Too much meaningless detail e.g. `` and Randi 's blond hair was barely visible from underneath her watch cap . '' Who cares ! A number of parts were simply ridiculous and never connected . Another example
 Marginal as a thriller . Flunks as a spy or tech novel . If you know anything about technology you 'll be pulling your hair out , screaming . It 's that bad .
 The early part of the book was pure Ludlum , good opening , strong plot buildup , etc. . The second quarter went off on a tangent of the spy hero suddenly meeting up with another spy , an old female flame , and yet another spy , a British tongue-in-cheek type.This was followed by paragraph after paragraph of what they all once meant to each other , ad nauseam ... gaaaaaagggg . The whole story took a new direction possibly aimed at getting women to read spy thrillers.I do n't know . I do n't care . The unread remains of this trivial pursuit spy scam lies buried in a wastepaper basket somewhere in my house waiting for next week 's trash collection . I 'm just glad I bought it second-hand .
 I found this book to be the least interesting of the three `` Covert One '' novels with Robert Ludlum 's name on them . I found it to be quite difficult to keep from throwing it in the round file before I finished it . I did give it a two star rating because it did keep my interest albeit boring . I think Robert Ludlum 's name should not be on any book not authored by him . Now that this great mystery writer is dead , publishers should not be allowed to use his name to sell books . If his name had not been on the cover of the book , I would not have purchased it . I assume that he had made outlines of the three Covert One novels before he died and the co-authors went from there . This particular one should have been in the Science Fiction section of the bookstore instead of the Mystery Section .
 In spite of Robert Ludlum 's name taking up half the front cover of this book , this is skeletonized Ludlum , with the flesh filled in by a writer that lacks his talents.The plot is Ludlumesque
 I gave up on this book on page 17 because I could not suspend disbelief . The premise of this book is so flawed that it bogles the mind.From the book : `` Governments around the world wanted to be the first to have a working DNA computer because it would be able to break any code or encryption in a matter or seconds . ... All of America 's missiles , secret systems at the NSA , the NRO 's spy satellites , the entire ability of the nay operate , all defense plans -- anything and everything that relied on electronics would be at the mercy of the first molecular computer . Even the largest silicon supercomputer would not be able to stop it . `` Ha ! ... That 's hilarious . The idea is that someone creates a brand new computer , one with no software whatsoever and somehow it can overpower `` everything that relies on electronics . `` This sounds like the same plot as the Transformers movie , although in that movie this concept was far better explained.I do n't mind it when a thriller bends the rules of science a bit , but you simply can not introduce an idea this preposterous without providing a much better explanation.Thankfully , my bookshelf is crammed full of other books . I 'm send this one to my local half price book store ... save yourself the $ 9.99 and go find something else to read .
 Almost everything about this book screams of political fantasy rather than the thriller it purports to be . Fantasy is fine but when you toss in bad delivery to pound away on a message , it loses everything . The plot does n't twist - it stalls at predictable points where the uninteresting `` good guy '' characters always live another day to shoot their overly described and oft mentioned weapons.Now to the heart of the story
 I picked this up to occupy me during a long plane ride and now regret not having consulted my fellow reviewers first . The novel may not be a genuine Ludlum -LRB- I have not read others -RRB- but it is genuine pulp . The plot is riddled with inconsistencies and has no credibility . The basic premise , a DNA computer , confuses the concept of a quantum computer -LRB- which might perform some of the tricks required for the plot -RRB- with that of DNA chips -LRB- which bear no relation to a computing machine -RRB- . Our heroes are direct descendents of James Bond
 Maybe OK for beach reading , but barely . If you should happen to forget where you stopped reading , no matter if you skipped a few pages -- maybe that 's even better ! Not like Robert Ludlums earlier works . Has internal inconsistencies , like the hero picking a door lock when a blast of gunfire from an AK47 inside shreds the door , but just `` nicks '' our hero . After he goes inside to dispatch the baddie -LRB- a woman -RRB- , he leaves the apartment carefully shutting the door behind him . Huh ? The plot of this book is one escape from baddies after another . Ultimately the United States is going to be destoyed by a launched Russian nuclear missile until an autistic computer expert saves the day . Yawn . Try reading Alan Furst 's spy novels instead . They are really good !
 It is unfortunate that Mr. Ludlum 's name graces this novel . Rarely do I fail to complete a book ; several failed attempts later it would appear that this one has beaten me . The dialog is contrived , characters are undeveloped , and the storyline tired . As others have indicated ; stick to the vintage Ludlum .
 The only good thing about this book is that some of the dialogue is so bad that it makes you laugh out loud . The story , unfortunately , is a series of chases . Our heros get in binds and do heroic things to get out of them . Over and over . Characters with no depth or motivation . I have a habit of finishing any book I start and this was the ultimate challenge .
 When John Smith , covert one operative extraordinaire is called to Paris to investigate a bombing at the Pasteur Institute and subsequent death of a noted scientist , little does he realize the depths of the problem . The famous -LRB- or infamous -RRB- scientist has created a hellish ` DNA computer ' capable of destroying and hacking into the most sophisticated systems . Who can help ? John 's old friend Marty a computer genius who suffers from Asperges syndrome . But Marty is in a coma , and the computer is missing ... Can John stop the terrorist plot in time?Frankly , the plot of this novel sounds far more interesting than this audio book actually was . Ludlum rambles on at length about each government , their response , each agent , their response . The Nefarious French . Muslim Fundamentalists . A bomb . Jihad . John smith is captured , manages to escape , is captured again , and the DNA computer is found and moved . Found and Moved.I liked the idea of this book , and I like Marty . But John as a character is rather wooden and lifeless . The other characters are merely stereotypes . Not his best work .
 As an avid fan of Robert Ludlum 's work , I have always found his books rich with suspense , pacing , international intrigue and taut action . These elements are conspicuously absent from `` The Paris Option , '' leading me to believe that Robert Ludlum had minimal - if any - involvement in the creation of this novel . Rather than the aforementioned elements building to create a cauldron of intense interest , `` The Paris Option , '' much like previous books in the Covert-one series fails to match the original works of Robert Ludlum.The plot is rather unoriginal . A French scientist , Emile Chambord , is supposedly murdered in an explosion that completely obliterates his laboratory . While his body is not recovered , it is soon revealed that he was on the verge of an incredible scientific breakthrough - the creation of a molecular computer , with processing power of such magnitude that one can hack into any system , civilian or military on the Earth . Needless to state , Lt , Col. Jonathan Smith , member of the organisation Covert - One must discover the whereabouts of the computer and prevent it falling into the wrong hands . While the plot itself is cliched and requires considerable suspension of disbelief , the scene is set for a series of spectacular firefights as Jon and his team race around the world . The ` international ' feel of Robert Ludlum is emulated , if nothing else . On a more positive note , the action sequences are adequate , though by the book 's conclusion , the reader has inevitably become accustomed to the apparent invincibility of the main characters.In conclusion , `` The Paris Option '' exists as a hollow , unsatisfying read , not only because its plot is exceedingly well-worn and branching into the realms of impossibility , but the pacing and fine characterisation of Robert Ludlum is completely absent from the novel , where the characters resemble standard action stereotypes . Not a Ludlum novel .
 I 've read a lot of Ludlum books but this book is so totally `` off '' in terms of technical authenticity and detail that anyone who understands a little about computers , etc. should stay away - it is just to difficult to read when you ca n't respect the knowledge of the authors .
 After being a Ludlum fan and enjoying his books for the last five years I was hoping for something of Ludlum in this book . I had to stop at page 58 , I just could n't go on . The dialogue is trite , contrived and characters speak to introduce themselves to the reader it is very very weird .
 This is junk . Since the end of the Soviet Union , it appears that `` swarthy '' Arabs are the new evil which the - guess what ? - handsome , dedicated , sensitive-because-his-true love-died , intelligent , military-minded white guy has to single-handedly defeat and , of course , save Western Civilization from the narrow , evil-yes , `` evil '' again-tentacles of Islamic terrorism . And , as is the case these days in this whole genre of trashy spy novels , `` Islamic '' MEANS `` terrorist . '' And our Golden Boy does what we expect him to . This is so trashy and predictable , I feel Ludlum ought to pay us all back . Do n't waste your time .
 I rented the book on CD and listened to over 3 weeks on the way to and from work . I found my thoughts wandering on several occasions and knew that if I had been reading the book instead of listening to it , it would now be in my unfinished book pile.I found the characters very interesting , but the plot dragged on and on in several places and a lot of the story could have been left out without affecting the meaning at all . Granted , there were several places that got my attention and I waited an extra 5 minutes in the car to see what would happen , but those situations were few and far between.The one other annoying thing is that the protagonists always seem to win out in the plethora of tight situations they got themselves in to , so by the 4th disc you never had that `` edge-of-the-seat '' feeling because you knew they 'd come out all right . The ending too was very predictable and left me with the feeling that the evil plot should have gone off without a hitch ... I know it would have made the book a lot more interesting ... though I 'd probably have to sit through 12 more discs while they worked that out .
 Reading it now , it 's not clasic Ludlum , it 's a bad movie screen play . It 's over written and you 'll get tired of the very poor lanuage and descriptions that are repetive . How many time do we need to be reminened that they are looking for a DNA molecular computer or that Jon Smith uses an encrypted cell phone ? Pick something else ...
 The characters are flat , setting is never quite right , and the computer discussions are way off . DNA computers able to crack the best military codes in no time ? The authors clearly confused DNA for quantum . Code compiled with magic that allows it to break through the toughest firewall ? Gibson wrote both more imaginative and accurate stuff on his type writer more than twenty years ago.I 'm glad I borrowed this book from a friend .
 I just finished this book a little over a week ago , and already it 's hard for me to write a review because I 've forgotten most of the details with one exception - it was a rather boring book . Yes , there was a lot of action , and yes , there was a lot going on , but no , none of it was mesmerizing or good enough to pull this book up to a level of being considered good . The characters were boring and the story was lackluster - it lacked depth , and the scenes all just seemed to rush together . Every now and then something interesting happened , but not enough to pull this story out of the rut it is in.I listened to the unabridged audiobook . I listen to a lot of unabridged audiobooks . Typically , when a book is good , I 'm aware of every word being spoken , I hate to stop the tape/cassette to do anything , and when in the car , I do n't mind rush hour traffic because I 've got something to take my mind off of the sightseers who make you miss making it through a light . But with this book , I could barely keep my mind on the story . While listening , I was painfully aware of the rush hour traffic , I made mental lists of what I needed to get from the grocery store , and I solved the world 's problems - all when I should have been listening to this book . When I did come back into focus and start listening again , do you think I stopped the tape and backed it up to hear what I missed ? Heck no ! I was just glad that I had less to listen to so I let it roll.This is definitely not a `` Ludlum '' quality book . I suppose now that the author is no longer with us , books `` written '' by him should no longer be published if the quality is along the lines of this one . If you pass on this one , you wo n't have missed a thing .
 Although no fan of spy novels , I decided to pick up The Bourne Identity after seeing the movie -LRB- I happened to have travelled most of the places described in the book -RRB- , and was very impressed by both Ludlum 's style , attention to detail and accuracy . Then I read The Bourne Supremacy , which I found even better -LRB- although the movie has nothing to do with the book , except for the names of the protagonists -RRB- . Then came `` The Paris Option '' ; Quite a disappointment I must admit . No way this got Ludlum 's input beyond the story outline . Released in 2002 , the book 's innaccuracies are numerous , and frankly very annoying after a few chapters ... For instance , `` Deuxieme Bureau '' , French Intel service , has not been called as such after 1982 , when Military Intel `` SDECE '' became the DGSE . Ludlum would have never missed that . Similarly , some locations in Paris and Toledo are mis-named -LRB- ie `` Seine St Denis '' is not a town or a neibourghood as described , but an administrative region called `` departement '' in French -RRB- . These research shortcomings tend to rate `` The Paris Option '' down from sharp spy novel '' &agrave; la Ludlum '' to cheap `` roman de gare '' ... Even the car models are not up to date !!! Stay away if you are un unconditional Ludlum fan.SamEnghien , France
 I am an avid Robert Ludlum fan . I thought his earliest books were excellent , then the quality fell off for a bit and his last few books were getting better . I even enjoyed the first two books of the Covert-one Novels . I hate to say this about anyone 's writing , but this book was HORRIBLE !!!!!!!!!!!!!! I kept reading , hoping that at some point it would grab me and I would not be able to put it down , but instead I have now decided to never read another one of these novels .
 It has been a month and I still have not received my product . I have contacted the company and they said I should receive it shortly . That was a week ago . I would not recommend this vendor .
 The Covert-One series , written by a variety of authors , unfortunately does not live up to Ludlum 's standards . Since Paris Option was my first of the series , it was bearable , but all other Covert-Ones are very similar to each other . If you 've read any one book from this series , I would suggest you stay away from the rest.The suspense is decent , but the climax is very predictable and it all works out somehow in the end , without a well-thought out approach to the finale . Covert-Ones start with a variety of events occuring simultaneously , events that in the beginning do n't really seem to have a bearing on the other . In the middle of the book somewhere , it all comes together leading to a high-testoterone -LRB- but somewhat unbelievable -RRB- climax .
 If you can not say something good about somebody , it is best tosay nothing .
 How bad can it be when you wish that the terrorists in the book killed all the heroes and did succeed in nuking half of the world?If it were a movie , it would go directly to a DVD release -LRB- the lower shelves -RRB- . pass safely .
 Tess was a very boring book . From an analytical point , the book 's major theme was FATE . However , you must be interested in the victorian era , in order to enjoy the book . It is the same thing with the Scarlet Letter , to enjoy the book you must know about the time era . The problems that the characters are faced with in the book are laughable by todays standards .
 This book , while perhaps well written , is just so ridiculous and self-contradictory that it 's maddening to read . While it 's necessary to forgive him some annoying parts of his style as being a part of his age , one can not overlook the horrible plot and characterization.Not one of the characters in the entire book is coherent or believable . He begins with a stereotype -- the innocent country lass -LRB- Tess -RRB- , the skeptical intellectual -LRB- Angel -RRB- , the depraved rich dandy -LRB- Alec -RRB- -- describing mainly their appearance and superficial thoughts , so that they never rise above the stereotype . Then , if they stereotype does n't suit the plot , he 'll simply have them act in complete contradiction of their previous shoddy characterization , without any explanation of how they might have changed . Angel 's rejection of Tess , for example -- he , the skeptical nonconformist who questions conventional social mores , suddenly repudiates Tess for being the victim of a rape , despite his own questionable conduct . I might expect that behavior from a conceited hypocrite , but not the all-around good guy that Hardy has made Angel out to be . And it 's not like we 've made a discovery here about Angel 's real nature , because Hardy goes right on describing him the way he had before . Of course , he takes her back , which is perhaps believable , except that he has not a moment of hesitation when he finds out she murdered Alec . So when your wife tells you she was raped , you leave her , but when she kills someone , you help her to escape without even a second thought?Then there 's Tess . She seems like a pretty resourceful and sensible girl right up to the point where Angel leaves her for a stupid reason and she spends the next five years or whatever pining for him . She writes him one scolding letter , and then regrets it . And even though she ca n't muster the courage to approach Angel 's father , or tell Angel off , or rebuff the advance of Alec -- although Hardy describes her as having `` natural fearlessness '' at one point -- she can somehow stab Alec later.Alec , of course , is the one who first becomes a preacher because someone talks to him on the road , and then gives it up because Tess is just too darn beautiful . You 'd think some more convincing would be needed for either conversion , but nope , Hardy ca n't spare any time for actual character development when he could describe Talbothays again.Finally , I can take an example from a minor character . At one point in the book Hardy describes Izz Huett , a milkmaid , as `` by nature the sauciest and most caustic '' of the milkmaids ; a mere 20 pages later he describes her as `` a girl of tact . '' Did he read what he wrote before sending it to the publisher?Aside from the contradictions in every one of his major characters -LRB- and a lot of the minor ones too -RRB- , there are also points in the book that are just plain ridiculous . I mean , Stonehenge ? Come on . How cheesy can you get ? Not to mention the fact that he sent sixteen cops after them so they could be surrounded in the morning . It 's as if he put stuff into his book because he thought it would be cool . Same deal with Angel going to BRAZIL . Also , apparently Angel can pick berries with his whip . Hardy also tends to get carried away with his own writing . He once mentions the plains of Brazil -LRB- if by `` plains '' he meant `` rain forest '' -RRB- and describes a cow 's `` large-veined udders . `` Lastly , the book oozes prejudices about country folk and women -- mostly to the effect that they 're naive and ignorant . In fact , Hardy seems to share the prejudices of Angel Clare . In any case , this book is a lot of reading in return for all the reward of a trashy romance novel .
 I 'm a French student of English , in my third year at university . I have to read `` Tess of the D'Urbervilles '' for my British literature class and it 's just terrible . The author spends so much time describing Tess ' beauty , virtue , kindness and courage , that I wonder why her name is not Mary Sue . There is no character development
 How nice . Tess is a totally unrealistic character-she has more sorrow in her life then most of us have in a century . This book is extremely sad , and I do n't understand why it 's a classic . Tess is very happy until her alchoholic dad discovers that they were a noble family , so , getting to big for his britches , he sends Tess over to another D'urberville family , which actually just adopted the name because they wanted to seem influential . That 's when the trouble starts . Soon , Tess gives birth to a baby , and goes back home in disgrace . Then she meets another nice guy , who abandons her when he learns of her past . They author could have done with some happpy scenes ... life 's not all sadness !
 either me or the 12 grade teacher who assigned this piece of crap . This book was so terrible no one is my class read it , out teacher would have to come to class with 25 photocopies of the pages we were going over because no one would `` remember '' to bring thier book to class . As a story it was poigent and overdone , as a character , Tess was an insult to women everywhere . She had no backbone unill the end of the novel . fankly , I liked Hardy 's poetry better and wish this book would be removed from all required reading list .
 I enjoy reading classics , and have read several . No more than anyone else , perhaps , but a decent few that i could get my hands on.I 've never read Hardy , and though his style was different , it was not hard to follow . The flaws in his characters are realistic enough , but it is those flaws that made me dislike the book . Tess is a simpering simpleton who should be smarter than she is . Angel is a Devil , who is the most hypocritical , bigoted , delusional idiot that walked in the book . The evil man , Alec D'Urberville , was terrible , but his evils could be comparable to Angel 's . And in the middle is the lost child Tess , who ca n't be counted on to have a milliliter of sense or perception concering people throughout the entire book . She worships Angel , and blames herself for her rape , because Angel blames her despite his insisting that he does n't . The plot could have been better , the characters could have been likable , and for God 's sake it could have been less repetitive . Yes , we all understand , Tess you love him , Tess you need him , Tess you live for him , whatever , we understand , stop obsessing . Well written , but only worth reading at most once . I would borrow it instead of buying it .
 Bad cover . Half of the book is ruined because the spine has come unglued ... false product description !
 Hardy paints a cruel picture of women in lower society . They are either tempted or cause evil mischief with a tragic ending . He had created a virtuous women in the form of Tess and ends her as a criminal . It is impossible for a women of Tess 's virtue to turn into a criminal . I would not recommend this book to anyone who would look to escape from Depression .
 My 1 star rating is due to the fact that Oxford University Press gives away the plot twists and even the shocker ending in the second paragraph of their Introduction . Most of the fun of reading any novel is trying to find out what will happen next . Oxford spoils this by giving it away at the start -LRB- what were they thinking ?!!! -RRB- . If you pick up this edition , just skip the Intro , or read it AFTER the book . Otherwise , Hardy 's novel is a great story with insight into noble character . Hardy gets 5 stars , Oxford U Press gets 1 .
 I have n't been able to get into it ... read only a bit and it has n't held my attention ... maybe I 'll try again sometime ... I know it is supposed to be like a classic so try it ...
 Thia is the saddest story I have ever read ! Poor girl -- she does n't have a chance with finding a happy life ! The cards are all stacked against her from the git-go !
 I thought the story line sounded interesting so i bought it ... twice ! Trying to get a version of the book that wasnt so diffucult to read , its ok off and on , half the time i dont know what the author is referring to cause it was written so long ago that the author uses that language and it just got in my way of the story , which is why i bought it again thinking the 2nd book looked easier to read but it wasnt ... sadly i will be reduced to trying to find the movie to find out what happens and it bothers me because i hate to not finish a book !
 DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME.My daughter claims this is her favorite book of all time . Now I 'm thinking she was switched at birth with some stranger . I wo n't go as far as saying I hated the book , -LRB- though I really did -RRB- but it 's sure close . Tess is a brainless twit with no backbone and NO common sense at all . I wanted to shake her into reality . Even her own mother thought she was nuts for confessing to her husband -LRB- on their wedding night -RRB- that she was n't a virgin , even though it was n't her fault . Of course the self-centered husband ca n't even look her in the face and leaves her as soon as possible - sending her home to her mother . The book is all about Tess and every wrong turn she makes - not one good decision . I was disgusted with Tess and had to fight my way through to the end . I had to force myself to pick it up . I kept thinking there must be something good about the book - I was wrong.I have downloaded another Thomas Hardy book , I wo n't count him out yet , but if it starts being as horrible as this book , I sure wo n't force myself to finish .
 This book has it 's place -- and that place is in an American Literature course at a university . It was entirely too technical to be enjoyable . I was assigned this book as a ninth grader and now that I am a teacher and understand lexile levels , I must advise other teachers not to assign this book until the later grades -- and only to the highest students .
 I will admit that I read this for an advanced high school English class last year , making me one of those notorious ` immature high school reviewers . ' However , I 'm an English major , and I try to give each book an equal chance and see how they fared in the end . Well , here is Tess : I 'm a reader who minds terribly when realism is outweighed by drama and romance . It sounds terrible , I know , but I prefer realism , and become frustrated when there 's too much drama and love in a book . ` Too much ' is a matter of opinion , of course , but in my opinion , Tess contains too much . It begins to sound overly-Victorian . One bad , dramatic thing after another takes place , and each occurrence seems forced , as though Hardy pushed it onto the paper to further the development of another bad thing . You could say that this is called * plotting * , but it comes across to me as bad plotting.Remember , this is coming from a person who prefers Edith Wharton and John Dos Passos as their recreational reading . Drama and fiction are all okay in my book , but too much of anything is bad . Hardy needs more moderation , in my opinion . So to finish fairly , I 'll say that Tess of the D'Urbervilles makes a great dramatic Victorian novel with a beautiful tragic message . However , readers like myself , who are frustrated by large amounts of romance , tragedy , and beauty , will agree that two stars is a perfect rating .
 I did n't . This seemed so slow and plodding to me . I understand that this was a &#34; page turner &#34; when it was written . I understand that this is literature . I think it must be my instant gratification gene . I watched the movie . I am sure I missed tons of literary illuminations about character and plot , but I simply could n't force myself to finish this book . This says more about me though than the author .
 the story itself is original -LRB- using a common character instead of some nobility -RRB- , but the story just keeps drugging on forever or something . It is a novel , not a prose !! I wonder why the author had to waste bunch of pages expressing the emotions of the heroin ? And I think Tess is terribly idiodic . Why should she continue to love her unforgiving and cruel husband ? Is n't that such a degradation of female saying that they will always be loyal to the man no matter how the men desert them ? So , do not even try to read this book if you have no time .
 This book has been lauded as a great work of English literature . Hardy does indeed capture the English landscape fairly well into his somewhat lengthy , verbose paragraphs . But his plot -LRB- to be frank -RRB- stinks.The moment the reader meets Tess Durbeyfield he or she knows exactly what her fate will be . The book is a ridiculous web of intertwined coincidences which finally succeed not in giving the novel the air of a distinguished and accomplished work , but of a silly contrived plot line filled with poorly developed characters that could easily be crammed into 20 short pages . And the book might be all the better for it.The point is that after I read this book and labored through the hundreds of pages and looked up archaic English phrases and fluffy words that Hardy seemed to fill the pages with , I was struck at how much time I had wasted to learn so little , how disappointing it was to be forced to read so much obsequious symbolism and heinous happenstances.Don ' t read this book unless you have to . It is n't worth your time .
 ... and hate it now . My only revenge for being forced to read Tess as a kid is to write a negative review as an adult . So there , that 's done .
 See subject line . I would never recommend this book , depth and nuance aside . It was at no point pleasant to read . I struggled to finish it .
 I do n't care if it 's a classic . It went nowhere . There was no point . I could not bring myself to care what happened to the characters . It was not an enjoyable read .
 I wanted to know whether my affiliate link , and commission link worked.It did n't ! The book is written in period language , hence I am still in the introductory phase.It is in very small type , which further delays progress .
 I am a Senior at Linville High School . I recently read Hardy 's Tess of the d'Urbervilles for my term paper . I chose it because a teacher told me it was very good . I was quite disappointed with the book in general . After reading the description on the back of the book , I inferred that Tess would be confronted with a problem , but being the `` heroine '' she was described as , she would overcome it victoriously . Unfortunately , I was completely wrong . Tess depressed and frustrated me extremely throughout the book . She cowarded down and let people run over her . The only thing that was good was the little surprises inserted every now and then . The whole book depressed me and I would rather not read another book of Hardy 's again .
 This poor character never catches a break , and the writer makes you care for her , deeply . Emotionally draining and depressing
 I will admit that I read this for an advanced high school English class last year , making me one of those notorious ` immature high school reviewers . ' However , I 'm an English major , and I try to give each book an equal chance and see how they fared in the end . Well , here is Tess : I 'm a reader who minds terribly when realism is outweighed by drama and romance . It sounds terrible , I know , but I prefer realism , and become frustrated when there 's too much drama and love in a book . ` Too much ' is a matter of opinion , of course , but in my opinion , Tess contains too much . It begins to sound overly-Victorian . One bad , dramatic thing after another takes place , and each occurrence seems forced , as though Hardy pushed it onto the paper to further the development of another bad thing . You could say that this is called * plotting * , but it comes across to me as bad plotting.Remember , this is coming from a person who prefers Edith Wharton and John Dos Passos as their recreational reading . Drama and fiction are all okay in my book , but too much of anything is bad . Hardy needs more moderation , in my opinion . So to finish fairly , I 'll say that Tess of the D'Urbervilles makes a great dramatic Victorian novel with a beautiful tragic message . However , readers like myself , who are frustrated by large amounts of romance , tragedy , and beauty , will agree that two stars is a perfect rating .
 Completely boring and a hard read . I was assigned this book for school and did not enjoy it !
 i cant believe i wasted my time on this . I picked up this book because i naively thought `` Oh ! a book about a girl ! A teenage girl ! I should like this ... a good book with a strong heroine . '' If you want to read an enjoyable story of a girl , read The Witch of Blackbird Pond . Anyways , this is the sort of very sad pathetic story of a girl who falls head over heels in love with a cad . As we girls all know , that has probably happened to each of us . . , and who in their right mind wants to be reminded of that ? And the very sad pathetic thing is she will do absolutely ANYTHING to get back with him . It is very realistic , its her first love ... But if you want to read a story of a girl falling in love with a guy and they live happily ever after-read something else . This is the sort of story that should n't be read . Unless of course , you enjoy being depressed , and not only suffer through horrible relationships like this , but want to read about them too in your spare time . In between heartbreaks . In short , it sucked . period .
 I recommend this book as kindling for a fire . It is the worst book that could have possibly been written . If you want to read this , jump off the nearest bridge or very tall building -LRB- without a parachute -RRB- . That 's probably the most similar experience to reading this book . Thank you , and have a good day .
 Silly , stupid , boring . I had to read it for a project and I was about to faint . Thank God that it was short :-RRB- Do you still wan na read it ? Then good luck ! I hate to say this but belive me you will be sorry for it !
 When is pain the necessary entry price for involving oneself in great fiction , and when is it simply something you might call `` author abuse '' ? I believe the tipping place can be found somewhere in the pages of Thomas Hardy 's most famous novel.In it , we meet young Tess Durbeyfield , a simple English farm girl who struggles to make it through everyday life . Her father , convinced he 's the rightful heir of an extinct family of Norman nobles , the D'Urbervilles , is a shiftless layabout who drinks and lets his numerous children do his chores . The family starves quite pitifully until fate puts in the first of several appearances . Tess meets a rich young bravo who goes by the D'Urberville name and decides to merge his bloodline with that of Tess , no matter what she thinks about that.Alec D'Urberville is one of two men whose attentions cause Tess much heartache and make up the substance of the book . Actually , there are three such men if you count Hardy , which I pretty much do . Alec is a right cad and Angel Clare , the other man , manages the impressive feat of being much worse , but neither lays for Tess the snares Hardy does , of horrible coincidences , contrived reverses in character , and way too much tolerance for ill treatment . There 's even a letter-swallowing carpet . Man , I hate when carpets do that!When Hardy is n't pounding poor Tess into the ground , he 's doing the same to us , pointing out how Tess in her misery represents the nullity of our common existence . `` She might have seen that what had bowed her head so profoundly - the thought of the world 's concern at her situation - was founded on an illusion , '' he writes . `` She was not an existence , an experience , a passion , a structure of sensations , to anyone but herself . `` If only!Here 's the rub . `` Tess '' is a pretty pleasing book to read if you manage to ignore or at least discount the plot . Hardy writes with great verve and knowledge about the world of his characters , fictional Wessex with its villages of hayricks and barn dances . At times it 's like reading Wordsworth , and at others it 's like reading Lovecraft . I do n't know how else to describe a writer who can wax so lyrical and then shift into something darkly surreal and macabre without missing a beat . He was a master of description at the height of his powers in 1891 when he published this . `` Tess '' is also a deep book , with much Biblical allusion and symbolic foreshadowing matted into the subtext . Reading the novel with an online study guide helps bring out a rich harvest of Hardy 's learned genius , as you can see the careful layering and connecting up he does throughout the book.Alas , it does n't make the story itself any more digestible.Tess herself is hard not to care for , but she 's frustratingly passive in a way that can not be blamed simply on the time and place where her story is set . She seems more of a piece with something Hardy was trying to say of the human condition , of suffering being one 's lot in this vale of tears . You keep hoping things will turn around , but pretty soon you see the author has other ideas . Hardy pretty much wants her to suffer , so she does.Maybe in some imaginary alternative existence , I 'll be treated to the scene of Hardy being called to some kind of literary court of law , answering for the misery he put me through here . I 'll gladly waive my charges against him - only if they let me watch when it 's Tess 's turn to collect .
 I was forced to read Tess for summer reading . I have possibly never been so glad to finish a book , not out of joy at a good reading experience but because the novel was such torture to wade through , in all its melodrama , sensationalistic elements , unlikable characters , and gaping holes in the plot , especially towards the end . Tess is a weakling who acts illogically , vacillates and secures the reader 's complete disgust before the end . One should already know it from the title and the first few pages , where Tess 's father , a peasant , finds out that he is the relic of an old noble family -LRB- his real name is Durbeyfield -RRB- . Why can not books have sense ? All through the novel I longed to be reading Pride and Prejudice or Middlemarch . The time this book was written in has nothing to do with it ; both the two books just mentioned were written considerably before it . I was left with a very poor impression of Thomas Hardy 's talents as a writer . -LRB- Incidentally , it should tell you something that more than one reader/reviewer compared it to the movie Titanic . -RRB-
 The back cover of my book described Tess as a heroine for her time . I was thrilled to begin reading this book to discover what it was that made her a heroine . I was very disappointed by the end of the book . She was no heroine , more like a self-pitying brat ! Hardy did a fantastic job of describing life during that periold of time , but that talent was not enough to change my opinion of the book . Very aggrevating !!!
 TESS is one of the more boring works of literature . Yes , Hardy was rather a revolutionary for the period as far as his choice of heroine and the subjects with which he dealt , but that does n't necessarily add up to a good book . The story itself is n't bad -- if you 're willing to wade through all the unnecessary muck to piece it together . However , I have trouble stomaching the fact that Tess is lauded as a brave and virtuous heroine when she is actually completely spineless and at times rather annoying . I wo n't spoil the story by giving examples , since you may very well be intending to read it anyway , or being forced to read it for a class . If the latter is so ... good luck .
 This is part of my attempt to read classics and non-fiction as well as my usual speculative fiction this year . A few people noted that Hardy is a bit of a hard read , and that turned out to be true . His style is jagged and choppy , bouncing around quite a bit , and never giving you a true glimpse of some scenes important to know how to interpret -LRB- such as the question of Tess ' seduction or rape by Alec d'Urberville -RRB- . However , overall , it is an interesting story at least and I enjoyed the book . But considering the ending seemed to be rather ill-fitting to the rest of the tale , I 'll have to pass on giving it a high rating . It was rather disappointing to slog through his odd phrasings and quirks , only to be let down at the end by the characters just magically changing personality traits . I think Tess was a weakling without a mind of her own for the most part , Angel was worthless , and the character with the most potential in the story is the so-called villain , Alec d'Urberville .
 Tess of the d'Urbervilles is a novel remarkable only in its quality to inspire hatred from those unfortunates forced to read it . Melodramatic and unrealistic , it meanders interminably exploring the theme of a `` pure woman '' before finally finishing with an ending that has little impact on the disgusted reader.Tess is , in short , a useless book . Apart from keeping a healthy fire roaring in my hearth , Tess contains little of merit . Well , I suppose one could improve one 's vocabulary by reading Tess -LRB- fun , but completely useless words like `` prestidigitation '' abound -RRB- , but reading `` How to improve your verbal scores on the SAT '' is inarguably more concise and probably more entertaining.Not to say that there is nothing to be learned from the characters . Simply observe their actions in certain situations and do the opposite . The three main characters , particularly Tess , are just begging to have a little common sense smacked into them . However , Tess can be considered enigmatic in one respect . Hardy seems to be unable to decide whether she is just ordinarily pretty , or ' a dazzling fair milkmaid ' so it is up to the reader , should he still be awake , to decide . At any rate , her big , multi-colored eyes and Pre-Raphaelite hair and figure hide a complete vapidity painfully evident to the modern reader . She only develops a spine near the end of the novel , when such a change is unconvincing and thoroughly out of character.So ... a predictable and heavily padded plot , infuriating characters , too much symbolism , inappropriate philosophical discussions and a great dollop of Victorian fluff . The result ? Tess of the d'Urbervilles roasting on an open fire .
 Okay ... I had to read this book as summer reading ... I must say I was actually looking foward to reading it ... I thought it would be good ... I thought wrong . Tess is one of the most awful books I have ever read ... Tess is a sap with no spine and an insult to all women . I understand this book was written in an era when women were not strong but still ... could n't Hardy have given Tess some common sense ?? This book put me to sleep more than once with its long descriptions of the same valley ... and can anything else happen to Tess at the end of this novel ? I think every bad thing that could happen to a woman happened to Tess ... a bit melodramatic , maybe ? I do n't know how this book became a classic ... was it classic for its ability to put somebody to sleep ... or how about sending someone into a depression or fits of anger because Tess is a moron ? If you want to read classics read Crime and Punishment or even Madame Bovary ... I also had to read those this summer and I actually enjoyed them ... so do n't go saying to yourself the only reason I do n't like this book is because I was forced to read it ... I was forced to read those other books and I liked them . In short , I pity anybody who has to read this book ... and I do n't know how anybody in their right minds could have given this book 5 stars .
 A few years back I was forced to read `` Tess '' for my English class . Nobody in my class could ever finish reading the book ... only a few of us could ever even finish the Cliff Notes for it . Our Professor tried solving the situation by renting us the video , but all of us were fast asleep half an hour into it.Tess is a bimbo with no brain and an insult to women , yes , even at that time ! This book is over-rated and should not be called a classic . If you really want to read good literature , read D.H.Lawrence , read Tolstoy , read evn modern classical writers like Achebe , but for crying out loud , do NOT waste your time and money on `` Tess . . ''
 The whole tragedy is in the fact that I was NOT forced to read this book but actually picked it up because I WANTED to read it -LRB- or so I thought at the time -RRB- . I have read many books in my life , quite a lot of them classics , but I have to say that this book just about drove me bananas . I think there is a general misapprehension in thinking that a classic must be good.I dare not even think of how many times I probably came close to being committed to an asylum for acting suspiciously on the train while reading `` Tess '' -LRB- every two seconds I would sigh , roll my eyes , scoff or just plain throw my hands in the air from frustration -RRB- . Many reviewers had rightly pointed out that the character of Tess is the shubbiest excuse of a woman in the whole Solar System . How can anybody , in any age , on any continent , be as spineless and masochistic as she is ? This woman is more of a martyr that Joan of Arc , for crying out loud.The excuse that this book takes place in Victorian England does n't quite cut it . I saw more strength and backbone in Hester of The Scarlet Letter -LRB- which story took place in a much more prudish and puritanical setting than England of 1800 's -RRB- . I think Thomas Hardy invented himself a woman who would act like his cocker spaniel ; no matter how much he beat the crap out of that ` faithfull friend ' the poor dog would always come crawling back and lick his boots , which is pretty much how Tess acts throughout the book . The whole scenario smacks a lot of a perverted male fantasy . Maybe Hardy had a nasty mother , who knows . I bet psychiatrists would have a field day with the author.I am disappointed and feel cheated of the time that I could have used to read something else ; Dickens , for example . Or just Maeve Binchy , if I wanted female driven narrative . `` Tess of the D'Urbervilles '' would have been a much better book if that idiot-of-a-husband and Tess herself would fall into that bloody river in the middle of the book -LRB- exactly as Tess wanted it -RRB- and have done with it . I know I would applaud such a great ending!In short
 This was one of the worst books I have ever read . It goes on way to long with a lot of filler which seems out of place .
 Hardy paints a cruel picture of women in lower society . They are either tempted or cause evil mischief with a tragic ending . He had created a virtuous women in the form of Tess and ends her as a criminal . It is impossible for a women of Tess 's virtue to turn into a criminal . I would not recommend this book to anyone who would look to escape from Depression .
 Having a degree in English Lit. , it seems sinful for me to accuse Thomas Hardy of being a terrible writer , but there it is . Any writer today submitting a manuscript like this would have it rejected out of hand . This is not a book for an audience seeking a good , fast-paced story that speaks for itself . If you read this book , you will have to interpret every word , description , and action , try to guess what universal message the author is attempting to convey and what the characters are thinking and feeling at any given time . In short , the kind of book that college English professors love , and try to emulate , and remain college English professors because they will never get such a thing published.First of all , character development is not only lacking , it is absent altogether . It might be assumed that the book 's title character , at least , would be strongly drawn , someone we could sympathize with , empathize with , or relate to in some way . Not the case . While Hardy expounds upon Tess ' physical appearance ad nauseum throughout , never did I gain any real insight into her thoughts and feelings , her motivation . Maybe the insight is hidden in these endless physical descriptions or her inane actions , but frankly , if I 'm reading for pleasure I do n't want to take the time to search . Sorry . And it follows that if Hardy failed in his title character , forget about all the others.Secondly , his wordiness is irritating . One paragraph of half-way interesting action is followed by a full page of useless description and genuflecting . Perhaps essential to hidden meanings and motives and social commentary , but again , I 'm not taking the time to search . I found myself skipping over these , the result being my finishing the book in two evenings.Conversely , Hardy seems to gloss over the most important event in the book , cloaking it in overly subtle tones . Granted , this was written during the sexually-repressed Victorian Era , for an audience with `` delicate sensibilites '' , but come on . Something as traumatic and life-shattering as rape , in fact the event that is supposed to drive the entire novel , deserves more than an allusion to medieval knights taking advantage of peasant girls . Not that I want graphic details , on the contrary . But please , give me a break ; even if her society deems she take it as a matter of course , let us see , clearly , her inward rage , hurt , bafflement at what has happened to her . Something . Anything . Make her human , in other words.If you really must read this , a synopsis would be enough . The novel 's idea is a good one , and could have probably been done brilliantly by someone else . Hardy fails it miserably .
 A great windbag of a novel , Hardy seems to think that not only does a grassy meadow take half a chapter to describe , he thinks that everyone else agrees with him . Please . Not the largest complaint I have , but surely the first , is that Hardy 's style is like looking up looking up `` stone pillar '' in a thesaurus , then two others , and then writing down every single synonym . It takes pages for him to describe a dairy farm , and at some point you wonder if he 's introducing the farm as a character , it gets so much time.Not that he seems to spend that much time on his characters ; they are created with little that interests , and contain less development that a homeless shelter under President Bush.Tess is described , at great length , and quite often , as a beautiful woman . Okay , so what ? Her personality is so weak I wonder if he even thought about what she would do in a situation , or just had her do whatever the other characters wanted her to do , until the very end , when she makes an out of character action that is supposed to be shocking , but is more perplexing ; the character described in the rest of the book would n't do that , and there is nothing to indicate why she has a sudden change of being.Angel is built up as the `` perfect prince in shining armor '' until he finds out about Tess 's secret , when he suddenly acts like a selfish and snotty child that is the very opposite of what he has been in the rest of the book . Then he switches back at the end , with little thought as to why by Hardy , at least not much that is apparent in the book.Let 's see , boring writing style and poorly done characters , what else is there ? Ah , plot . The only way to describe plot is that it made the description seem riveting and his characters thought out . He 's spend the time to talk about Tess getting a job , then the next chapter she is suddenly running away from it ; I felt robbed of the time spent in the build up , and knowing more in detail of what happened in the intervening time from when she got the job to when she quit would have helped with her character . And when you think there is no need for detail , Hardy 's got more than enough . He spends ages talking about Tess and Angel 's time together at the dairy farm , but none of their actions change the way they feel about each other . He could have cut our some of their horse riding , and no one would complain.In short , Hardy 's the kind of writer who is analogous to a storyteller that likes the sound of his voice ; just because he can say something , he does . And in his endless drivel , what might be interesting is skipper over . This guy could have used and editor.When it first came out , this book was ill received , and I see no reason for anything to have changed since .
 The time spent on reading this book could have been spent on someting worth while and interesting such as watching the grass grow , or picking my teeth . It was a real disappointment and the reading of this book by anyone with a life should by outlawed .
 Tess of the D'Urbervilles is one of the worst books I have ever read . I read this book in high school , though I am now in college , but do n't discount this review because of that . Tess has absolutely no backbone . She pines away for stupid Angel who is more cruel to her than the guy who raped her in many ways . I know women were n't as strong at that time but even so , she is still pathetic . When she tells Angel that she would jump in the river and kill herself for him , I laughed out loud ! Tess is a spineless , pathetic excuse for a human being . She needs to take some lessons from Jane Eyre , a hundred times better heroine . Also , Hardy describes the same stupid valley so many times that the book drags on forever and seems like it is never going to end . I disliked all of the characters so much , that it made the book have not one redeeming quality to it . If you want to read a Hardy book , read Mayor of Casterbridge -- it is much better !
 This is quite simply the worst story i have ever read in my life.It was depressing , LONG , and meandered its way aimlessly till the end . Whats worse , the book could have ended half way and still had the same impact . The character still meets the same fate , everyone would have felt the same way , and the reader would have been spared several chapters of agonizing reading had she made a different choice after confessing her secret to Angel.If you like reading a depressing story where it seems like the author is taking sadistic joy in tormenting the protagonist , this is the story for you . For everyone else , stay far far away .
 I am sorry to all of you who like this book but I would never wish a single soul to read this . This book has the plot
 This was a VERY used paperback of Tess sold as new with library stickers on the binding as well as the front cover . Amazon is definitely not trustworthy anymore .
 I do n't know how can this book be a classic . I have n't thought that I could find such absurd stuff in a book . Do n't waste your time with it .
 I thought this book was long , drawn out , and boring . It was too descriptive . To me , the writing style is a lot like Jane Eyre . I do n't particularly like that type of book.Plus , it was way too sad and unrealistic . I do n't think THAT many bad things could happen to one person .
 We had to read it for our GCSE coursework . Everybody found it boring and too descriptive . If you have a choice , do not choose this book ! To make it worse , it is incredibly long and depressing . DO NOT EVEN TOUCH IT !!!
 Having read a number of classics recently , I have come to the conclusion that many of them are `` classics '' because they are great books to study , not great books to read . I 'm sure I could spend years dissecting this book and finding new allusions , hidden references , and coincidental parallels . In fact , I found myself forced to re-read and , in some cases , grammatically deconstruct such large portions of this book to `` get '' it that I could probably claim to have read the book twice with a pretty straight face.If the book had been just a little worse , I would have been spared a lot of effort because I could have just written it off as being bad . Unfortunately , every time I was ready to throw in the towel , Thomas Hardy would throw in a turn of phrase or new way of seeing something that made me decide to ride along just a little longer to see where this was headed.In the end though , I have to cast my vote with many of the low star reviews here . Thomas Hardy 's characterization of the landscape , farms , and villages beats his character development hands down . The plot moves like a fault line -LRB- millimeters per year followed by sudden jumps -RRB- and , frankly , by the end I felt more sense of elation at having reached the last page than a sense of regret that `` the President of Immortals had ended his sport with Tess . '' For once , I 'm guessing that the Cliff 's notes would be a better read than the actual book .
 WHY are poor , innocent school kids forced to read this intensly dull text ? It is enough to put anyone off English Lit for LIFE . If anyone in authority is reading this , PLEASE take this piece of junk OFF the sylabus ... PLEASE !!!!!!!!!!!
 I did n't like this book very much . It was silly . I 'm sorry that I 've wasted time reading this book . There are better books to read .
 I 'm a fan of classics , but I could not force myself to struggle through this book . I could neither identify with the characters -LRB- Tess especially seemed extraordinarily weak-willed and passive -RRB- nor follow through the endless description of the novel . Iw ould suggest a different book
 This edition is basically newsprint with a hard binding . What a racket ! Signet Classics -LRB- Pocket size -RRB- with introduction by Marcelle Clements.Tess of the D'urbervillesAnd the binding is not good , either -- do n't know what the word for it is but no left margin .
 I did n't like the book . The language was difficult to read and in the end the topic was one i do n't agree with . The ultra right values where women were always at fault for tempting a man and she was the one dealt final cruel punishment . I am relieved to be of this century . Makes us appreciate what we have and what those before us had to suffer for us to be where we are now .
 This book in the beginning was so slow that I finished a book twice it 's length before I finished the first chapter of Tess of the D'Urdubervilles .
 I 've enjoyed reading this edition for its critical essays and helpful footnotes , but the copy I ordered from Amazon was missing thirty pages . -LRB- It turns out that pages 14 through 44 are printed twice , resuming at page 77 -RRB- . They may have corrected the problem in other copies , but do n't assume that you 'll get the whole book !
 I was really disappointed in this book and surprised that so many people think it is a wonderful story . It was such a depressing story and reflects all of the worst things about the way women were treated in that time . I do n't think this story had any redeeming qualities and very few likeable characters -LRB- even Tess was quite irritating at times with her pride getting in the way of asking for help to make her life a little easier -RRB- .
 No one in my class liked this text . If you knew nothing about disaster mental health topics than it may be helpful .
 The principles remain unchanged , but the text is hopelessly outdatedThis book is intended to teach the basics of Boolean Logic to young people.The principles of Boolean Logic remain unchanged , but the examples in this book are hopelessly outdated . Most of the websites listed are long gone . Google is n't even mentioned.And most search sites no longer require the user to have a solid understanding of Boolean Logic - which is most unfortunate , because Boolean Logic is key to understanding how computers work and how you can become a better researcher.The text , as noted , is oriented toward young people . I found it dull -LRB- which is probably likely since I have n't been in a child in a lot of decades -RRB- and condescending . The latter quality , I think , would be picked up quickly by kids.Fortunately , there are other texts available that are more current . Whether they provide young people with enough to get them interested in this valuable subject is unknown . I do n't think this book does.Jerry
 The edition of this book is very bad with plenty of spelling errors which at times make sentences difficult to understand . example
 Scoble has a habit of publishing looong and boring videos on his blog . Rest of the time he will indulge in unprofessional mindless rants like this one -- `` Screw you Apple and your ads saying you 're better than Microsoft . Screw you . Screw you . Screw you.Screw you and your controlling PR machine.Grrrrr . ''
 ROFL @ Amazon actually trying to get people to pay to view blogs . Seriously , is this some sort of April Fools joke that they forgot to take offline ?
 The characters are one dimensional , the plot lines meander and go no where , and the narration is tedious to the point of insanity . Wyoming is a wild and beautiful place , but her descriptions are as evocative as a suburban shopping mall . The only reason this book was published is because some of Proulx 's other books have been commercial successes . The only good thing about this book is that I did n't pay for it . If you want great short stories , check out Tobias Wolff , Raymond Carver , Richard Ford , etc. . Leave this one on the bargain table where it belongs .
 Annie Proulx has the ability to paint images with words that most artists and photographers can only dream of doing in their media . This fact alone makes her book an enjoyable read by anyone who reads a lot . Unfortunately , imagery is about all there is to recommend Bad Dirt
 Having been born and raised in Wyoming , I thought this collection of short stories would entertain me . Boy was I wrong . This book is horrific . I 'm thankful that I bought it for next to nothing because after I read it , I threw it in the trash at a gas station . I did n't want anybody else to be lulled into a competent authors last ditch attempt to write anything anybody would actually want to read . Her character exaggerations are uselessly wild and outrageous . And what is with the character names ? This book was not even slightly entertaining or accurate -LRB- okay , maybe the wind bit but that is all ! -RRB- pure rubbish .
 I am SURE I would love this book if I READ it , but instead got it on audio . It was just awful It was a poor performance , not a narration , and I could hardly bear to listen to Dufris . I was on a long trip and had no other audiobook with me , but I stopped listening anyway . Silence was better than this.Maybe it is just me , but when I read a book , I do not imagine different voices for the various characters in a novel . So it annoys me no end when I listen to a book where the narrator plays different parts . To me , this is kind of creepy , epecially when a female narrator * plays * male roles or vice-versa . And it is really bad when the narrator/performer is not very good.Perhaps it would be helpful if the cover said `` performed by '' instead of `` narrated by '' . I just want someone to read the darn book to me . I am not interested in listening to someone who thinks s/he is up for an acting award !
 but I have n't read it yet . I bought and read the first Wyoming collection , and I 've read a few other Proulx stories in The New Yorker . I think I know what I 'll find in `` Bad Dirt . `` I was born and grew up in Wyoming , in the Goose Creek valley east of the Big Horns , a region that 's been compared to the Vale of Kashmir for its complex beauty . -LRB- I suspect that 's an exaggeration , although it was made by a person who 'd been to both places . I hope to go to the Vale someday , and judge for myself . -RRB- Many other parts of Wyoming are beautiful , terrible , and strange . I do n't recognize find many -- or any ! -- of them in Annie Proulx . Neither do I recognize the rather austere and capable people I grew up with among her rural grotesques . -LRB- They make me think of Richard Russo 's laughably unlikely characters in his Gloversville novels . -RRB- I guess city folks like to imagine rural people that way . Annie gives 'em what they want.I should mention that I bought `` Bad Dirt '' off a remainders pile for $ 5.98 US .
 Miz Proulx musta ' gotten into a patch of locoweed while she was a ` writing these stories . Or maybe she has just grown tired of the spare landscapes and stubborn people she described so carefully in her first collection of Wyoming stories , AT CLOSE RANGE . The subtle , somber hues of those stories have been replaced in BAD DIRT by a garish , psychedelic pallete.Gaudy colors do not , however , equate to warmth . Proulx 's stories are inflated , unfunny jokes and most of her characters are unattractive caricatures bearing improbable names like Fiesta Punch , Reverend Pecker , Suzzy New , Lobett Pulvertoft Thirkill , Mercedes de Silhouette , and Dr. Playfire . The plots go beyond improbable . A game warden discovers a hidden entrance to Hell in a Forest Service parking area and uses it to deal with out-of-state poachers . A red-furred badger tells his cronies that a rancher 's wife has fallen in love with him . A bartender imports alligators to defend her vegetable garden from marauding cows . An expatriate makes accidental use of a magic teakettle found when cleaning out her late mother 's house.Despite heavy lardings of fictional biography and gratuitous back-story , the stories in BAD DIRT smell anachronistic . They are the sort of tall tales the denizens of bars like the fictional Pee Wee 's in Elk Tooth , Wyoming might tell about their parents or grandparents . Yet Proulx 's crusty eccentrics are mostly baby-boomers living in the first decade of the 21st century , not the first half of the 20th . Perhaps not coincidentally , the best story in the collection , `` Man Crawling Out Of Trees '' concerns transplanted easterners , like Proulx herself , learning to cope with life in Wyoming . In the end , one of them flees back to New York . Perhaps BAD DIRT is meant to be Proulx 's exit line .
 I am fascinated by actual and perceived gender-atypical phenomena . There are men who have lupus and women who are colorblind , for example . Although many reports now say the man is equally likely to cause a couple 's barenness as a woman , there 's still a perception that women are to blame . In this book , the author speaks to infertile man.This book will definitely make you sympathize for the group . From a scientific perspective , researchers are not as interested in male infertility as much as its female counterpart . Fertile men have said to them within earshot , `` At least I 'm not shooting blanks ! '' The book does mention instances of couple 's divorcing due to the problem . One man said , `` I 'm masculine and hairy , how can I be infertile !? `` Still , I wish this was not reporting by the author ; I would have prefered for each man , or couple , to have had a chapter all too themselves . The author is always giving her two cents and summarizing things that are obvious . I really think those readers with this difficulty would have related more to men just speaking about themselves without a journalist 's filter.This is a British book and I think things may be different in the US . First , I imagine that the British health system would pay for infertility treatments that stingy US medical companies would not . Several times men said , `` I 'd be ruled too old to adopt . '' In the US , with our large number of parent-less children , I highly doubt that would be a problem . These men seemed reluctant to have donor insemination and in the US , they keep things so private with donor substance that it would be easy for a couple to get help and just pretend it 's the husband 's child.This book left two occurences out that I imagine are major . First , I bet that many men do n't know they are infertile until they are on a second or third wife who does n't get pregnant . I 'm guessing that many men blame their wives for childlessness without digging further . Second , something tells me that many an infertile man has his brother or male cousin do the goop-supplying if they can not . The author only mentions a fertile man telling an infertile one , `` You want me to set you up ? '' once.The -LRB- female -RRB- author stated that she became interested in this subject because her husband is infertile . She never reveals whether he was accepting of her putting his business all out on Front Street . She never says how she and her husband addressed the problem . She could have let him speak for a few pages to clear up these matters.There are very few books out there about male infertility . The ones that exist are mostly boring , scientific tomes about curing the problem . This is one of the few books that I found that allowed men to talk on this matter . I thank the author for her effort , but I would have done this book much differently .
 A fascinating topic , not helped by a desultory and superficial presentation . The field is inviting
 Dated , way too expensive and disorganized . Am a big buyer of books that cover various aspects of the trade lifecycle , risk management , p & l etc. . but this one left a LOT to be desired .
 Do n't confuse this with a really great book by the same name by Jeff Shaara . This book was all right , nothing to get too excited about . I 'm glad I got it from a used book store . I could less about M.A.M.s politics -LRB- assuming you read the dedication . -RRB- I 'm not sure why some of these authors think I care how they feel about the war . I guess it is just their way to vent . Dave Sterns two books on Enterprise , ` Daedalus ' and ` Daedalus 's Children ' were excellent .
 Martin and Mangels have followed their hearts , producing a ham-handed allegory , in the tradition of some of the worst Trek episodes . Readers who share the authors ' views concerning the war in Iraq and today 's political disputes might enjoy finding similar views put into the mouths of Trek characters . The rest of us will find little to recommend in this story . It 's not what I 'm looking for in a Trek novel .
 This book shares its title with Jeff Shaara 's concluding book in his trilogy . I would guess that most of the participants in that book would be offended by this one . Beginning with the outrageous dedication to the pitiful dolt Cindy Sheehan it is apparent that this is going to be a book that will find praise from those who share the same views on Iraq and on alternative life styles and distain from those who do n't . Count me among the latter .
 It started with the dedication . Okay , okay ! The authors do not -LRB- I mean really do not -RRB- like the war in Iraq . I should have taken it as a harbinger of things to come.This book has no soul , it is not engaging , and it has a ridiculously idiotic notion of how real militaries act and work together . I 'll make just two points about the latter and then summarize . 1 . -RRB- Enlisteds do not berth with officers . Officers will double -LRB- or even triple -RRB- up with officers to clear bunk space for enlisteds , but otherwise they do not share the same social space . Thus Ensign Mayweather sharing a bunk with Corporal Chang just does n't cut it . 2 . -RRB- No enlisted personnel ever calls officers `` scared rabbits '' in an `` attempt to shut them up '' and corporals especially do not call ensigns that . I was a squid for a while , and whenever I encountered a marine corporal , he was obsequiously polite to me , the ensign.There was a lot more of the same in this novel . I finally gave up on it around page 164 . Spend your hard-eared money somewhere else . This book does not deserve your attention . As for me , I have personally sworn off these two losers . I 'm not interested in hearing what they have to say .
 ... of how next-to-impossible it is for an ideologue to author a novel that is n't in some way a polemic for his worldview . Co-author Michael Martin 's dedication gives you a warning right off -- as well as to the late James `` Scotty '' Doohan , it 's dedicated to Cindy Sheehan , who just does n't get it when it comes to just what her son gave his life for in service to his Country . But it does n't stop there . The Enterprise 's mission this time includes several guests on board -- a Marine commando team who Martin and co-author Andy Mangels present as direct descendants of Ollie North and the Great Santini . The idea is a surgical strike at the Xindi , who had just gotten done frying Florida and a chunk of South America , so it 's better to find the source if the weapon that did it and destroy that source than to find the Xindi homeworld and return the favor on their civilian population . In their travels , a team headed by Archer himself finds one of those sleazy arms-dealer types who was responsible for supplying the materials for the weapon . When Archer decides that this character ca n't be reasoned with , could give a rat 's you-know-what about what his customers did on Earth , he decides to get rough in interrogating him . This gives Reed a guilt complex based on an experience with bullies in his youth when he tried to stop a gang from brutalizing a smaller boy and was almost killed himself . Never mind that Archer 's `` victim '' in this case is the type who would sell out his mother if enough gold-pressed latinum was in it for him . Of course , Reed has forgotten that there 's a difference between bullying and `` taking the gloves off '' in response to an attack -- that difference being motive . A bully brutalizes other people for purposes of enjoyment . He gets his jollies from it . A bully is just another type of sadist . A soldier is in the business of halting a bully society 's attacks on his or her country . I can recall Gene Roddenberry 's comments in the Original Series days , how his creation of the Star Trek concept included how that series symbolized America . Unfortunately , some of his descendant authors use that same concept to run down America . The Xindi attack on Florida is a fictional what-if -- what if the 911 attack had been a lot bigger , commited by a much more powerful enemy ? What if we 'd lost a whole state and millions of people rather than the country 's largest office complex and two or three thousand occupants ? What if there was every indication that there would be a whole lot more to come ? How many people would have said `` it was our own fault '' then ?
 Taking a culturalist view in my research and teaching , this anti-culturalist book caught my eye . It starts from the premise that culture has no influence on business and management , and fails to prove it , sometimes attempting to prove the thesis by ignoring culture . All competent researchers are aware that outcomes from data analyses can be tailored to support a premise by what you measure , what results you choose to report , and what you say about them . I pass on the Book Review by Gordon Redding , Euro-Asia and Comparative Research Centre , INSEAD , in ` The China Journal ' , Jul 2005. , Iss . 54 ; pg . 186 , 4 pgs
 I think this is good as an introductory book . But there are better books out there with more descriptions on the subject than this . . I only bought this because it was required reading for a class .
 Consuming Technologies , originally published in 1992 , aimed to open up new ways of approaching the study of technology by placing increased emphasis on the workings of domesticity as a social concept and/or process . The book contains an introduction and 13 articles , arranged under three different subject headings : Part I. Conceptual and Thematic Issues1 . Roger Silverstone , Eric Hirsch , and David Morely , `` Information and Communication Technologies and the Moral Economy of the Household `` 2 . Cynthia Cockburn , `` The Circuit of Technology
 This is not a badly written book , but I 'm not sure I 've read anything that was more unfriendly to new readers . There 's nothing to indicate to a new reader that it 's the seventh book of a series , nor -LRB- more importantly -RRB- the third book of a trilogy within the series , so an unwary reader quickly find him - or herself confronted with characters making reference to past events that are never explained or expanded upon . As a thriller , it seems competent enough , but I found myself too mired in continuity to ever really get into it .
 Preston & Child 's worst book . I 've read terrible novels that were better than this . It was so unbelieveable throughout that I had to keep forcing myself to pick it back up and finish , and when I did , I wanted those hours back.WARNING SPOILER
 I 've read a fair number of books by Preston and/or Childs . Some were good ; some better than good . This book was a complete waste of time . First of all , this is not a stand-alone book , although there is nothing on the outside as to mark it as a sequel . But even if I had some inkling into the chronology and backstory of all the characters , I doubt that I would have found anything about the characters , the setting , or the plot in the least bit credible . Things just keep happening that do n't make sense -- it 's not that they are mysterious or spooky or build suspense and are explained later -- they just do n't make sense . Coincidences abound . Police and bystanders alike act in ways that defy logic . Characters do things that are bizarre and unrealistic . I understand that thrillers depend on a willing suspension of disbelief from time to time , but this goes way beyond that . Thoroughly disappointing .
 While the book was fairly entertaining it barely touches on the Book of the Dead . Was the title merely a marketing ploy to appeal the those who liked the B movie The Mummy ?
 The first book was incredible and the second book of the series was equally mesmerizing but this book bored me to tears . The main character was incarcerated it seemed for half the book . Way too much time was spent on the details of Egyptology . The book had some good parts but even the ending fizzled out and was not worth drudging through all of the tedious details that in my opinion only served as filler to add pages to the book . Save yourself the time and aggravation and stop after the first two books ...
 This book is awful ! It 's ` Silence of the Lambs ' meets ` Dark Shadows ' meets Ann Rice 's witches ' series - with none of the originality of any of them . The characters are ridiculous stereotypes from soap operas and cop shows . Their names are hard enough to swallow , but their actions stretch the suspension of disbelief . Come one , `` Aloysius and Diogenes Pendergast ! '' An FBI agent who lives in mansion , complete with a dungeon ? Ancestors who lived on the brink of madness and genius ? It 's just really an awful , awful book .
 Another to add to the `` never read another book by this author '' pile . Pure clich&eacute;.In their defense , this was the first of their books I read and may have missed the character development . That would not have saved the book from the cookie-cutter clich&eacute;s of the modern book though .
 Never picked up a previous one and wo n't pick up a later edition . I 'm half way through and have no idea what 's going on ! Why the hero is incarcerated , why a special agent can think he can tell a warden to keep an attorney from his inmate -LRB- who is n't actually sentenced yet -RRB- , or put him in danger in a prison yard , and think he can do it again -- all on the word of an agent he 's never met before . There 's two women who are dead or injured and I 'm clueless as to why . One Prof. entering the museum at 3 in the morning -- when 2 men were attacked there the night before and one died ! Its really , really stupid !!! Like a really bad B movie . Hey , I love thrillers - believe me , this is terrible !
 It only takes a few pages of reading this book before you realize that this is not a stand-alone book . In fact , it is the seventh book of a series that recounts the heroics of Aloysius Pendergast and even more disturbingly , it is the culminating volume in a trilogy that recounts the battle between him and his brother Diogenes . I wish there was any kind of indication on the book 's cover of this fact as that alone would have deterred me from picking it up and reading it . Unfortunately , though , that was not something the editors did . Maybe sales are so bad that they decided to not even offer a hint about it to catch a few hundred unweary souls ? If so , this definitely backfired in my case!The book falls in to the thriller genre . It takes place in modern day New York City with the Museum of Natural History as its focus and background . In the first chapter we learn the conclusion of what took place in the last book -LRB- huh ? Oh , something to do with a collection of diamonds that was stolen -RRB- . Then , in rapid fire , we meet one of the curators who just got married to a reporter -LRB- apparently they were involved in the previous books -RRB- , a woman who is convalescing from an attack , another woman who lives in an old house , and an FBI special Agent -LRB- that being the first Pendergast -RRB- who is now a resident of the biggest , baddest , maximum security prison in existence - this as a result of some murder he did NOT commit in a previous book.This technique of presenting material in rapid fire mode , in very short chapters , was popularized by Tom Clancy and carried through by Dan Brown in their thrillers and they make it work . In this book it does not work as the transitions are way too jerky . Of course , the fact that they rely on the reader having knowledge of all the plot lines that were developed in two to six previous books does not help matters . It is only by the time that I reached the middle of the book , that some of the threads started making sense and got connected to each other.The plot line is just as convoluted and non-sensical . Since the museum is in trouble , it decides to pull off a publicity stunt and reopen an exhibit that 's been walled off for 70 years . This being the Tomb of Senef - an Egyptian tomb that is rumored to be cursed . Coincidentally , all the main characters manage to get involved as do some characters that we meet in the middle of the book that happen to be the love interests of the FBI dude . How convenient . Of course , the tomb still appears to be cursed and there are several scenes of people dying in really horrible ways as the storyline progresses.As it turns out , the whole story is of the battle of the Pendergast brothers . As we read the book , it is clear that one is evil and is attempting some sort of massive morbid crime . However , the other is in jail . So , how to solve the dilemma ? Why , let 's get him to break out of the jail that has never had an escape . That 's it ! Now , how do we arrange this ? Well , we first bring back some super-secret outfit that has all kinds of fancy methods of doing things that are not always legal . Then , we make agent Pendergast into some kind of genius who understands things at a glance - even when never experiencing them before - let 's see , we also make agent Pendergast into some sort of martial arts expert in an art that allows him to remotely kill people when he is being pounded by six others , and then , let 's also make him a complete renaissance man by having him pick up drum rhythms and play them back and CONTROL them with no practice needed.Do you find it interesting that every female protagonist in this book is beautiful , young , and completely accomplished ? There is a mysterious woman who lives her life cloistered and shut off from the world . Towards the end of the book , she needs to leave the house that she 's lived in for decades and is immediately able to assume all kinds of disguises that fool everyone , travel in the modern world of trains and airplanes with no negative effects except for spending too much money -LRB- how did she get a passport ? -RRB- and manages to elude the villain who has been planning on his campaign of terror for 15 years or more and is intimately familiar with many locations - yet she manages to ambush him in several of them ; knows more than he does about others ; and she manages to win the final battle between them . Totally unrealistic!There is a police captain - of course , a beautiful young woman ; a museum curator - a beautiful young woman ; etc. . One of the things that really bugged me is that each of these characters was a shallow clich&eacute; . There is no development of personalities or of character here . These are line-drawn cartoons and nothing more.Another departure from reality is that neither of the brothers ever have a problem with money or the government agents that are all around them . The bad brother has unlimited funds , houses all over Europe and the United States and a horde of passports , papers , and disguises that allow him to appear as someone else while having completely different thoughts inside . He is also a genius who can accomplish all kinds of feats better than the world renowned experts that are all around him - but then he slips and is destroyed by quoting a line from an Italian poem.The good brother also has no money worries ; is also a genius that knows everything ; and is also unbothered by such things as breaking out of jail , killing people , and jetting around the world at whim . How can it be that all the bureaucracies that we all have to deal with daily , do not impact of affect these folks?In summary , this book is only of interest to those who want to find out how the story continues from the previous books . I will not go back and read any of the others in the series as the whole premise of these books and the plotlines are so unreal and improbable as to be off-putting . Stay away .
 I got the 12-CD edition from my library , and found the reading by Scott Brick so awful I quit before the end of the first disk . From what I heard of it , the story is good and deserves better treatment than it get .
 `` It was a dark and stormy night ... '' is probably the only clich&eacute; the authors missed.This book is a ponderous mash of clich&eacute;s you 've seen dozens of time in ` B ' sci-fi flicks and cheesy slasher movies.The characters are colorless props , unbelievable and lacking in sympathetic qualities . Some of the plot elements are laughable . The pace is slow . I sometimes found myself rooting for Mycroft , er I mean Diogenes , to kill 'em all.I had read and enjoyed Tyrannosaur Canyon ; Cabinet of Curiosities was OK . I had also read the first 2 books of this trilogy . So , I wanted to finish this book , awful as it is . Eventually I got through it by creating a theater in my mind with Joel , Tom Servo and Crow Robot from ` MST3K ' sitting down front , making fun of the inanity that reeled across the screen . Push the button , Frank .
 The book in no way let the reader know that it was the third book in a trilogy . Even though it seemed it was written for people to just pick up and get into , it was difficult to find any relatable qualities to the characters . I was very upset with this book .
 As a big fan of Preston/Child , I was looking forward to reading this book . I wish I had not . After savoring so many previous efforts , `` Book of the Dead '' is like reading a bad novel by an acolyte author . It is everything previous Preston/Child novels are not - predictable , formulaic and uninspired . Sure , there are occasional flashes of technical and storytelling brilliance , but they are few and far between . I suspect this gifted writing duo was pressured into writing faster than they prefer , were too busy doing other things , or have grown weary of their characters . Let 's hope future books return to the suspense , subtlety and craftsmanship for which Preston/Child are rightly praised .
 I have read every single book by the duo and I can honestly say that this book is terrible . Possibly the worst one from the duo . Other than the prison break portion , everything else was just awful . -LRB- If you like prison break , read `` Dirty White Boys '' by Stephen Hunter -RRB- What the hell happened to Douglas and Lincoln ? Where is the imagination and the flow of Riptide , Ice Limit and Relic?I ca n't believe I bought this at hard cover price . If you are a fan of the duo , borrow this from the library . It 's not worth the paperback price .
 I very much enjoyed Brimstone and was looking forward to completeing the series , but in light of Mr. Preston 's opinion of ebook readers , specifically Kindle owners , I have decided to take my Wal-Mart attitude and MONEY and give it to some other author who appreciates me.Those Indie authors seem to be a down right inviting group.Sorry Mr. Childs if you do not share Mr. Preston 's views .
 Characters not well developed . Plot -LRB- s -RRB- fragmented and difficult to follow . A long read with little payoff .
 Sorry , but this is just NOT a good book , not even close ! I was duped on this one - and by many of the reviews written here and on another big book site ! I should NOT have listened!This book is nothing but B-movie schlock on paper . Poor plot , poor characterizations , extremely unrealistic settings . It reminded me of something on Cinemax at 4am . Do yourself a favor
 The alternate title of this book should have been `` HOW TO AFFECT AN AIR OF SOPHISTICATION AND URBANITY IN SEVERAL HUNDRED PAGES OF PLODDING AND FRANKLY UNBELIEVABLE PLOTTING COUPLED WITH TWO DIMENSIONAL STEREOTYPES SO PREDICTABLE IN THEIR PRETENTIOUS MUSINGS '' . An overly long title you might opine but surely not in light of the success of two such eloquent and verbose authors . I had hopes for these two having started with `` Cabinet of Curiosities '' . Their subsequent offerings flagged sequentially but I retained hope for latent talent . Then this ? This self-indulgent , conceited tome demonstrated a predisposition not unlike that so manifestly exhibited by the socially-upward-mobile . I am so saddened to see that some of the most lauded exponents of modern popular fiction are the likes of Messrs. Preston and Child and perhaps the worst offender of all , Dan Brown .
 The other reviewers will tell you about the book . I 've read most of Preston and Child 's works , including the other two books in this trilogy , and they are a good read . What gets very old and nauseating is the continual saps to modern feminism . I guess it 's a necessity to get published today , but you 'd think that at least SOME male authors would get tired of grovelling just to get published . I guess most people will sell their souls for money . Just about all the men in P and L 's books are either wimps , effiminate , weak , bumbling , stupid -LRB- or liars or murderers -RRB- , cry-babies , scared of their own shadows , and thoroughly unlikable -LRB- even Pendergast has his moments -RRB- . The women , of course , are , without exception , tough , brilliant , shrewd , fearless , always right , on the rise to the top , always outsmarting the men , able to knock out a 7 foot , 300 pound man with a single karate chop to the neck -LRB- forgive the slight hyperbole -RRB- , totally unfeminine , and just as unlikeable as the men . The stories are very good ; it 's unfortunate Preston and Child could n't have come up with better , more realisticly human , less insulting characters . This slop may play in New York and California , but in Texas we still want our men to be men and our women to be women.So this is just a warning . If you 're a MAN -- and those of you who are know what I mean -- you 'll get sick of the characters in these books .
 The characters come out of late-night television dramas . The plot requires suspension of reality to the point where paranoid quasi-paranormal drama is normal . Um ... the progress of the book is well-paced , it 's super easy to read , and it 's moderately distracting from whatever dental surgery you may be undergoing at the time . However , it 's designed for people who move slowly because they have tiny brains . The plot is obvious and easily guessable . The characters require incredulity to accept . Every three paragraphs , when you begin to think you 're reading a comic book , they spout off some Internet research about a technology or Egypt . I have read books this bad before but they were n't best sellers . I would only recommend this to people with a fear of polysyllabic language .
 apparently it is very easy . Do n't bother , this book should be marketed to young readers . It started off better than it ended , which is worst than startng off slow and building . Totaly unbelievable , unimaginitive and well , which means its pretty boring and predictable . Its a 11/2 stars at best . A mysterious benefactor , a magician style arch nemesis all seem over the top . I guess I should have read the first two novels in the trilogy because I do n't think this novel stands by itself very well . My bad .
 As David Spade would say , I like this book better the first time I read it , when it was called `` Relic . '' Preston and Child can turn out potboilers , guilty pleasures that are n't literary masterpieces but make with the page-turning fun , but they also are n't without their flaws . Too often , they drop arcana into a situation that does n't call for it -LRB- anybody can Google up a ton of trivia on any subject , and besides , you should n't try to impress your reader by your mastery of obscure facts -RRB- . Agent Pendergast is again perfect in every way . Need a safe cracked ? He knows the metallurgy necessary to pick the weak point in the lock . Not to give away a plot point , but in this book he McGuyvers up one particularly necessary element in a manner that 's just too convenient.And convenience is the downfall of this book , and of most P&C ; books . What could be a situation fraught with drama is instead defused by Pendergast 's godlike abilities , including the ludicrous `` memory crossing '' technique that is P&C ; 's way of conveniently explaining away anything they do n't know how to write into their books.Chop off a few chapters , give Pendergast at least one or two flaws , and drop the attempts to dazzle the reader with trivia , and this would be a five-star summer read . As it is , it 's just laughable and tedious .
 Awful and dragged out . If done in half the pages it may have been a decent book .
 Oh , what a tangled web they weave . Again , this Preston-Child novel , The Book of the Dead , contains so many characters and subplots it 's almost too daunting to absorb and seems to bog down the read at times -LRB- though I 'm still a huge fan of these authors -RRB- . I stayed with the book to the very end but found myself skipping entire passages to get back to the action . Not on par with their earlier works , to be sure .
 As a librarian and researcher of this topic , I feel that Edward P. Rich 's Pazyryk Agenda has more unbiased information to offer than Ms. Pringle 's study.Mr Rich 's discussion of Ahnenerbe is the more extensive in scope , comparable to the writings of George Lincoln Rockwell . A real understanding of both of these phenomena is not possible without reading it .
 If you 're looking for a general book about TESOL , or how to teach English then this book is probably not for you . In my opinion , this book was written for Master 's and Doctoral students in one of the TESOL or lInguistics fields , who need to study or teach about how to analyze written discourse . However , with all that said , it is a fine book , but dense .
 i bought this book along w / 2 other `` how -LRB- not -RRB- to video editing books specializing in FCXpress-i 'm sorry i did-if the dog had n't p 'd on them i 'd send them back-why ? - I used to be a pogue fan till the repetion started-jim heid 's guide is why i got into the mac & imovie in the 1st place-simple to learn & to the point with immediate results -LRB- highly reccomended -RRB- . I found Guy 's book lacking in some of the most important sound upgrades-strange since his claim to fame was in audio -LRB- i-pod -RRB- i also don ; t like to be told to go look for imfo somewhere else-at least J. heid gives you a link to goto-as for the FCXpress-after reading 101 tricks - i can already do them w / 3rd party plugins & still have the ease of imovie . No put downs intended-just dissapointed-when will a video guy 1st / computer challenged-how to book be written ?
 A friend turned me on to Cornwell two years ago and I 've read almost everything , including all the Sharpe books.I am a huge fan , but was hugely disappointed with Sharpe 's Fury . I 'm actually having a hard time believing Cornwell wrote this one . Cornwell has a certain style and vision with regard to Sharpe and this book in not at all consistant with his other writings.Cornwell 's books , even some of the not so great ones , all have a readability and flow to them . Sharpe 's Fury does not.I do n't want to discourage anyone from reading Cornwell -LRB- the Sharpe books and Arthur tales in particular -RRB- because they are outstanding . But this book is poorly written and not indicitive of his real tallent.Mr . Cornwell , if this is the type of Sharpe book you are going to churn out in the future , please do n't publish it . If you are using a ghost writer , as I suspect , get someone who has read all your stuff and loves the character as much as the rest of us do .
 In fact , it may be his worst . As much as I love the 21 novels of the Sharpe series , this one shows signs of carelessness and indifference on the part of its author . The plot is loosely thrown together and the whore-pretending-to-be-respectable-and-snaring-a-British-officer theme is straight out of `` Sharpe 's Enemy '' . Cornwell is churning books out at a terrific clip with the `` Lords of the North series '' , Sharpe , the Grail Quest and various singletons . Maybe it 's time he took a rest or concentrated on one project .
 I have been a long time fan of Cornwell 's Sharpe series and have been distressed by the decline in quality of both the plot lines and the writing . I had believed that his series departure , `` The Gallows Thief '' might have been the worst thing he had ever written , but this entry into Sharpe 's history might win out . Sharpe has become an iconic figure of the Peninsular War and Cornwell 's placing him in the Rifles was brilliant . The character has grown in the series with fleshing out of his past soldiering in India and revealed details of his life before the army.This entry , however , seems as if it were phoned in . It seemed almost a pot boiler , with minimal effort applied . The plot , aside from the battle , was so-so , the final battle scene was excellent as is usual with Cornwell , period details were good , but almost everything else was tedious . This might have been better had it been 100 pages shorter ! I sincerely hope that if this is an example of what we can expect with the series in future that Sharpe and Harper march no more . We already know what happened to Sharpe after the war and we know his beginnings . I do n't think the character is served , nor the reader , by recounting each and every fight he was involved in -- particularly if it 's not done any better than this account .
 I read all of the original Sharpe series in the eighties and thought that the series had come to it 's natural conclusion with Sharpes Waterloo in 1990 . I was very suprised to see Sharpes Devil a couple of years later and to my mind this was a book too far in the series . Cornwell was always writing other books including the excellent Redcoat as well as his nautical thrillers . When he started the Starbuck chronicles I was delighted and followed Nates adventures in the same manner as I had Sharpe 's . Then , after the Sharpe series had been shown on tv Cornwell abandoned `` The Starbuck Chronicles '' mid-series -LRB- after four books -RRB- and resurrected Sharpe . Not to sound too cynical but the only reason for this betrayal of fans who had bought the new books and were following Starbuck could only have been money ... Cornwell betrayed and sacrificed the Starbuck fans for a newer and more lucrutive market ... the new Sharpe fans worldwide who came to the books after the tv series . In order to continue to cash in along came all the new books each one inserted in a different period of Sharpe 's career . If you have read the original series you wo n't recognise Sharpe 's description in the new books . . because it 's Sean Bean ! ... Thanks Bernard , how 's the yacht ?
 Have you ever been in a horrific car accident that has changed your life forever?Jenna was living a normal life as a normal teenager . Then she got into a car accident . Her mom dies and she is seriously hurt and is sent to rehab . Then she is sent to live with her aunt and her aunt 's family , and has to go to a different school . She is determined not to get close to anyone ever again because she thinks that anyone one who you get close to either leaves you , like her dad , or is taken from you , like her mom . That is when Jenna meets Crow . He becomes her friend and helps her get through the rough times.This was definitely not a great book . It was okay . The one good thing was that it was like talking directly to the main character , Jenna . It was made in diary form , and it seemed like it was actually written by a teenager named Jenna instead of an adult , even though Jenna seemed pretty boring.I gave this book two stars because it was a boring and slightly annoying book . It would have been better if there were longer chapters . On average they were only two and a half pages long . There were also many fragments in the book that were annoying . It would say things like , `` Or not . Kick the remote off my bed , '' and she would be talking about something she did , not something that she was telling someone to do . It had many other fragments and they would make the book hard to understand sometimes.I would recommend this book to teenage girls who want to bore themselves and nothing else to do .
 Chapter after chapter we hear about how `` winning at all cost , '' over-competitiveness and how kids specialize in a sport way too soon -LRB- before high school varsity level -RRB- , the author goes against every piece of advice she 's given . She admits that when her young sons were faced with a soccer league that was competitive and * gasp * co-ed , instead of allowing them to play , she started her own league ! What ? It took away the credibility of the entire book . I just ca n't listen to `` do as I say , not as I do . '' -LRB- Note
 I read a lot of thrillers , and THE RIGHTEOUS MEN is probably the weakest I 've read in quite a few months . This is an obvious knock-off of THE DA VINCI CODE , except it 's nowhere near as good or well-researched . The first part of this book plays out as a straightforward kidnapping story . Will Monroe is a reporter for the NEW YORK TIMES , and his wife has been abducted for reasons that are unknown to him . Since the kidnappers warn Monroe not to contact the cops , he investigates the kidnapping himself . His investigation leads him to a Hasidic Jewish community in Crown Heights , New York . This , in turn , leads him to discover a highly improbable conspiracy plot rooted in Jewish mysticism.This book has a potentially interesting story , but it 's severely handicapped by pedestrian writing and cardboard characters . The lead character , Will Monroe , is a clueless bore , and is downright unlikable when he makes a sloppy pass at his ex-girlfriend when his wife is still missing . Monroe hates himself for doing this -- so why should the reader feel differently?Also , this plot is highly based on a series of highly unlikely coincidences . For example , what are the odds that Monroe 's ex-girlfriend would happen to be an expert on the religious community that kidnapped his wife ? Or that his best friend happens to be a brilliant computer expert who can track down the source of certain e-mail messages that Monroe receives ? None of this is remotely believable . Even worse , it 's not entertaining.There are puzzles in this book , just like the Da Vinci code , but most of them are boring and have little relevance to the plot . Plainly , they were just thrown in this novel to capitalize on THE DA VINCI CODE and its success.It 's slapdash books like this that remind me how well constructed THE DA VINCI CODE really was . Avoid this one . There are much better thrillers out there that deserve your money .
 Sam Bourne 's The Righteous Men is a silly , ridiculously unbelievable tale of a young reporter 's attempt to find his kidnapped wife and save the world from religious fundamentalists . The story is predictable -LRB- I guessed the `` number one bad guy '' from the first chapter -RRB- , the hero is both banal and grossly shallow -LRB- he spends as much time salivating over his ex-girlfriend 's body as he does worrying about his missing wife -RRB- , and the writing is uninspired and ordinary . Well , that 's not fair ... Bourne DOES use a few rather amusing similes in his writing , such as this from page 258
 Picking it up at an airport -LRB- ok , so I have only myself to blame -RRB- , the reviews on the cover looked quite good , promising strong plotline . However , it did n't take me long to get bored with a light stile of writing , a plot that never picks up speed -LRB- it just plain never gets going -RRB- , and uninteresting characters . He works so hard describing Hasidic Jews in New York , but only makes it sound like he 's trying too hard to make it interesting . Do n't bother .
 ***** THERE ARE SPOILERS IN THIS REVIEW ***** Chew on this line from page 127 -LRB- paperback -RRB-
 I recently took this book for my airplane read on a transatlantic flight . In such circs , one can generally finish anything . Even Moby Dick . I could n't finish this.The book is advertised with the newest tag for any conspiracy theory yarn
 I just finished this book and I agree with everyone about the character Will . Not likable . This book was painful to read ... too much information presented as confusingly as possible . But my main criticism is this ... **** SPOILER ALERT **** SPOILER ALERT *** The premise is if the 36 men who uphold the world are all killed by a certain day , the world will end . As these men die naturally , new ones replace them so at all times there are 36 . An unborn baby is not a man ... so how could it be the 36th ? DUH ?
 This book starts off quite promisingly , and then descends into the worst trip I have read for many years . I would not be surprised to find ou that this s Dan Brown under psuedonym . I do n't particularly like Dan Brown , but if this is him , then he has used the alias because it was not up to even his weakest piece of work . By page 250 I was getting so angry with the characters and plot that I had to give up . Drawn out , over complex , then stupidly simple.I have read some shockers , but always managed to get to the end - until now.I 'm sorry Sam - but really .
 This book is the equivalent of the movie you should wait to see on DVD , but only if a friend loans it to you , and then only if you 've seen everything else.In the hands of a more competent author the premise might have resulted in a fascinating and thrilling story . However , there 's nothing more painful than figuring out a story 's ending and then reading 200 + pages for the supposedly bright and talented protagonist to figure it out also .
 There 's probably an enjoyable - if forgettable - fifty page novella in this book . Unfortunately , it resides within over four hundred pages of needlessly bloated novel , a length which gives the reader plenty of time to get frustrated with the lethargic pace of its first three quarters and fuels frustration and disgust with the ludicrousness of its long-awaited revelations . In a novella , these revelations might have led to amusement and perhaps a willing suspension of disbelief ; in a work of this length , they lead to wondering how one could have been forced to read all `` this '' in service of `` that '' . Other flaws
 I do n't usually read airport books - glossy covered thrillers splattered with blurbs that echo the urgency of a sideshow barker , and usually contain the words `` roller-coaster ride '' - but as I happed to be in an airport with a long flight ahead of me , I decided to condescend to the genre and chew on some mind candy for 6 hours . I was not too impressed.First of all , the writing was mediocre at best . It was n't as bad as Dan Brown 's , but certainly well below what I expected from someone who went to Oxford and writes for the Guardian . The plot started off somewhat interesting - a couple of mysterious murders , a reporter 's wife gets kidnapped - but it quickly devolves into a bizarre and unbelievably far-fetched story revolving around the Hasidic Jews of Brooklyn and Talmudic legend . Almost imperceptibly , our protagonist finds himself allied with his wife 's kidnappers , yet does n't bother to demand her immediate release or even find out why she is being held . That nonsensical tidbit is revealed in the book 's ridiculous climax , which I wo n't reveal . With a left-wing author with the name of Freedland , you can very easily guess who the real villains are . -LRB- no , not the Catholic Church - surprisingly enough - but close ! -RRB- You can safely skip this one , unless you yourself are writing a book about cheesy religious thrillers that were written to profit off of the Davinci Code 's success .
 I do a fair amount of reading but usually do n't end up writing a review . Just -LRB- 10 minutes back -RRB- finished reading this book and it was - just bad - so much so that I decided to write this review . Basic and absurd storyline - badly developed lead characters , and an implausible bad guy for shock value . Will Monroe Jr. going from being in the right place at the right time all the time in the beginning to being in wrong places at the wrong time consistently . Everything happens in NY for lack of imagination . Search for 36 people among 6 Billion and 3 are in NY . Save your time and pass this one .
 I bought this because I wanted something to read on a long flight and the plot seemed interesting . But its so poorly written and drawn out that it fell apart on its own . I didnt give it one star because I did finish it -LRB- maybe I just wanted to say I gave it a chance . Pros are it flashes to the actual righteous men of the world getting killed one by one and their stories make you feel good and actually want to perform good deeds of your own . The cons are
 I am an avid fan of the three Bronte sisters ' works , and was very excited to finally get an audio collection of some of their best-known works
 I started with Jane Eyre . The formatting is perfectly acceptable , but it was missing half of chapter 25 . I reported it and the publisher claimed it was there . Is it only on my Kindle ? I returned it and am trying another version .
 UP FRONT -- I LOVED , LOVED , LOVED '' `` THE KNOWN WORLD '' '' . THAT SAID -- I THOUGHT THIS BOOK READ LIKE AN 800 PAGE BOOKIN STEAD OF A 400 PAGE BOOK . OF THE 14 STORIES -- I ONLYFOUND THREE OF THEM OKAY -- JUST OKAY -- SORRY . I GUESS -- I AM JUST NOT SOPHISTICATED ENOUGH .
 Boteach 's advices are often presented in pretentious manner , but many of them are quite reasonable -LRB- not to say too obvious -RRB- . No-one would argue that parents should avoid fostering their children 's intellectual curiosity , or discussing with them such topics as dignity of every human being.In the last chapter -LRB- about God -RRB- , Boteach disregards other religions and world-views in favour of Judaism . To make things worse , he includes lenghty political tirade praising America for being `` quick to take its vision of faith , democracy , and government to all corners of the globe , by force , if necessary '' . I can not understand why the author 's political statement found its place in a book about parent-children relationship .
 This book is , first and foremost , about Rabbi Boteach . It is not about his kids and not about parenting advice -- it is about him . The phrase that occurs most frequently is `` I tell my kids ... '' In particular , his wife is almost never mentioned ; it is not about what they tell their kids , it is about what he tells his kids . Odd , especially since he dwells so much on the importance of all aspects feminine . And ironically , Orthodox Jewry presents the real obstacle to imparting the feminine by prohibiting women from serving as rabbis and community leaders.The author is self-aggrandizing , with many reminders by Rabbi Boteach that he is on radio , TV , and was at Oxford . I sense that writing the book was also a bit cathartic , as the author takes the opportunity to talk about his relationship with his own father so much.Rabbi Boteach gives money and advice to the receptive homeless , he lifted his nephew from drug addiction , he tolerates his gay brother , takes long RV trips , has a silent and a supportive wife , kids who gather round and listen intently to Bible stories and garner lessons from them . But how about some real advice for real parents with real kids ?
 Perhaps I should have read the first book in this series first because while it stood on its own reasonably well , the relationship between Sam and Rick did n't work for me . I just found the two of them to be so annoying . I wanted Sam to be funky and spicy and all she really did was just conform to Rick 's ideals . I found myself wanting them to have a massive fight and for Sam to resort back to her old ways.Tough luck for me because it was a typical happy ending.It was an okay book . It took me forever to read . But I got there eventually .
 Suzanne Enoch seems to have lost her grip on this one.It is clearly seen that she did not read her first debut novel , when she was writing this book . Samantha Jellicoe 's British better half , - someone on the lines of Barbara Michaels 's master thief hero of the Vicky Bliss novels Sir John Smith - suddenly turns into JD Robb 's Roarke of Eve Dallas fame . His gray eyes turn into blue and he starts talking and behaving just like Roarke . I would recommend anybody who is interested in real hard-hitting stories give this one a miss , because you are going to compare it badly with her debut novel . And then you are going to compare the characters with JD Robb , or Barbara Michaels ` heroes . Samantha 's hero is a definitely bad copy . Even their physical appearance and billionaire businessman idea is overdone and has been picked up straight from JD Robb 's in Death series.Sorry , one star , because Susanne Enoch is a much better regency and historical writer , because at least she stays constant throughout her novels . This book is a `` delete from library '' and not a keeper .
 Romance purists should beware . This author seems to confuse modern romance with the need for excessive amounts of profane language . Apparently , it is not possible to be extremely wealthy , extremely gorgeous , and extremely attracted without being extremely filthy-mouthed . I do n't happen to agree with that assessment -LSB- in fact , enjoyment of the romance dies for me -RSB- , but the author does apparently believe it with all her heart . So , if you purchase any of her so-called ` contemporary ' novels , be warned to endure dozens of `` f '' - words , etc. . It appears the only way such people can be understood .
 Lahane 's skill with Boston atmosphere and some initially intriguing plot lines might keep you going for awhile.About halfway through he transcends the Noir , leaping into Slapstick Tragedy and Melodrama . Just as the depths of human degeneracy are excavated , Lahane discovers a new sub-floor , and it all becomes silly and repetitive very quickly . Predator Clowns cruising for kids in a van ! Crucifixions ! Who knew Boston was such a hot town ? -LRB- Must be all that New England repression -RRB- . The succession of psychopaths , Mafia mass murderers , cynical cops , and drunken wife beaters -LRB- and these are just the protagonists -RRB- owes as much to Quentin Tarentino and slasher films as Chandler , Cain and Hammett . But those writers were able to conjure up an existentialist context from their narratives , not slather it on like Lahane does in order to justify the bloodbath . He does n't explore evil - he exploits it.To me , that 's the most unsettling aspect of this book -LRB- and a lot of his other work -RRB- - the writer depicting the most incredible atrocities , rubbing it in the reader 's face with an almost juvenile glee -LRB- `` See how HORRIBLE this is ? '' -RRB- and then expecting them to take the story 's moral implications any more seriously than the ridiculous and derivative gross-out material it is . That IS pretty scary .
 I wanted to like this series , but I almost stopped after the first . I 'm definitely stopping after the second . Lehane can write , no doubt about it , but DARKNESS seemed more about gratuitous gore than suspense and mystery.Moreover , I find the `` banter '' between Patrick and Angie to be incredibly juvenile , trite , and unrealistic , ditto their `` relationship . '' It 's absurd that so many other characters seem to care so deeply about whether the two of them are sleeping together or in love with each other or not . This is obviously contrived so that readers will keep reading the series and wondering whether they 'll ever really become a couple . I could n't care less if they become a couple , frankly . Angie is the stereotypical tough-yet-vulnerable dame , and Patrick 's `` issues '' with his father -LRB- and the fact that everyone seems so bent on getting him to talk about these issues -RRB- are getting tiresome . It 's hard to keep reading a series when the characters are so flat and unlikeable , and unfortunately Lehane 's plot twists and strong sense of place do n't make up for this .
 The primary purpose of my review is to echo the review provided by C-C-Peterson . I , too , started with the first novel in this series , and found the violence in that novel to be excessive , but appropriate to the overall plot . However , the gore , sadism , and the time spent being dragged through the muck of human evil in this second novel left me repulsed and gloomy . The killers in this novel are evil personified , and if the author is to be credited with anything , it is that he accurately portrays what might happen to those who survive such an encounter . I felt a little like that myself when I finished the book . I read noir for entertainment , but I think I stumbled into something darker than noir . I finished the book to be sure they got the bad guys and that they would all die ; I think I stayed engaged for much the same reason people stare at an accident on the highway .
 Could n't wait for this dreck to be over . One of the most contrived , implausible plots ever devised with dull dialogue , unbelievable characters and a story that defies logic . I figured I would give Lehane a second try after the mediocre Gone Baby Gone , having read all the five-star ratings for Darkness . Let me the first to rate this one star . What book were you reading ? Don Winslow and James Ellroy can write rings around this guy . The Gennaro-Kenzie combo make for a laughable pair of bumbling detectives that somehow always manage to outwit any villain by having impeccable timing when it comes to getting guns drawn or otherwise outsmarting the bad guys . They 're so smart that Angie ca n't even find a pen and pad in her apartment to take down notes . It takes her two minutes and two pages before she 's able to find the implements , a simple matter or organization that any PI would have . They get drunk on the job , toss bon mots around in the middle of every crises and try to out-cool each other at every turn . In between there 's lots of sexual innuendo and graphic descriptions of gory murders and tortures , all gratutitously served up to titillate.In what passes for a story , a serial killer or two -- or is it three ? -- who knows ? By the end of the novel there are about a dozen suspects and finally the ultimate bad guys turn out to have killed 34 people while nobody had a clue after 20 years despite obvious signs of his derangement dropped throughout the book . But Lehane tries lamely to send the reader off-track by creating a number of red herrings , back stories , mac guffins and other worn out plot devices when we all know what 's coming
 I do n't really know where Lehane got his reputation as a great author . I thought the characters were two dimensional , the mystery not very mysterious , and the scary parts not very scary .
 I have to agree with Berkeleyroad from Boston on this but after having Lehane recommended to me and looking forward to the book I found the plot and the writing style ludicrously weak . How can other reviewers regard it as `` gritty '' and `` realistic '' , how can anyone `` love '' the character of Bubba which represents all that is meaningless and parasitic in society . Kenzie and Gennaro are totally unbelieveable - they would n't last a minute on the mean streets and is n't it just too convenient that they are bosom pals with the police , the neighbourhood thugs and rival mafia gangs , plus they can get insider knowledge from the authorities and other experts . And what fantastic memories they have of details from their remote childhood . The book avoids any serious moral questions - even the bed hopping antics of Kenzie from his beloved Grace to childhood sweetheart Angie is not considered - they are shallow , one dimensional people . The prison scenes are stolen from Silence of the Lambs and there is a lot of pseudo psychological mumbo jumbo throughout . Is n't it amazing how ruthlessly cold blooded and efficient crazed psycho murderers still have n't learned not to try and explain themselves for half an hour while they have their chosen victims at gunpoint ? What made the story even weaker was that Lehane does n't describe any of the murders being perpetrated or get inside the head of the killers , and we lose much of the menace and horror of seeing victims as real people - in fact he seems more sympathetic in dealing with the murderers . Lehane should learn how to write realistic dialogue - less wise cracking -LRB- especially at the most innapropriate moments -RRB- and how about some real `` detection '' . I would urge those who found this `` complex '' and `` challenging '' to head back to the shop to get some Chandler or Ellroy , or if you just want better detective pulp fiction try Michael Connelly or Robert Crais . This stuff is candy floss - written for a low attention span audience and presumably with film rights in mind .
 Darkness , Take My Hand has a few poetic descriptions early in the book that are reminiscent of Fitzgerald -LRB- i.e. the school children -RRB- , and a few passages of dialogue that suggest the author 's intelligence -- the bit on Iago for example . But in the end all this book is trash with a touch of class . Many of the worst cliches of the thriller genre are presented here without apology
 seems to me that all the characters were psycho killers who had no social values . The cell of serial killers came out of an unlikely event thirty years ago .
 Lehane is a great writer , but in this one he let his writing capability get in the way of telling the story . Terrific descriptive passages , but the reader is lost looking for the story line . I finally gave up reading it and put it aside unfinished .
 I have to agree with other reviewers who were disappointed . This is the last of DL 's books for me . By that I mean I have read them all now . I left this one for last because I knew it was going to be dark and involve serial killers . Dark is one thing . This book is gruesome and horrible . Yet pretty ridiculous in many parts . We know there are at least two killers coming for our heroes yet we put one lone cop to guard them out in the street . We all know the electricity is off but we do n't wonder if the killers are going to get through the electrically locked door ? The two detectives are slow witted as are the police and the FBI . I think I could do a better job protecting them . And that endind scene - so far from reality - the bad guy swinging an infant around . Just to much . Compared to his other books I consider this one to be a loser . Pass it up for Sacred or one of his better books .
 Liked Gone , Baby , Gone very much , even his first in this series , A Drink Before the War , was not bad , but I have to agree with those who gave this book 1 or 2 stars that too much of it bordered on the just plain silly . The night of the denounement , after saying how traumatized and scared they were by what they had scene and found out , we morph into a giggling makeout session between two 16 year teenagers . Then , even though their cop friends had said they would call if they had important information , they seem irritated when the phone rings and it takes Angie 3-4 rings before she can answer !!? One -LRB- 1 ! -RRB- rookie cop protecting them ? Electricity goes out but that does n't bother them !? And , yes , the final showdown , as others have mentioned , was too ridiculous for serious comment.I also have 2 other sloppy loose ends that Lehane never tied up . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Jack Rouse tells Kenzie that the EEPA , the neighborhood vigilante group , had to do whatever Gerry Glynn said because he had caught them at the Rugglestone murder site and could turn them in at any time if they did n't ; but once he let them go , they presumably could have also blackmailed him for NOT arresting them for murder at the time . Mexican stand-off . So that did n't make much sense . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Kenzie makes a big thing out of trying to figure out what the connection is between what happened in 1974-75 and how then most of the members of the EEPA suddenly went on accelerated career paths
 We 're not usually contrarians , especially when a book is very highly rated by both the public and by close reading friends , but Lehane 's second in the Patrick Kenzie & Angela Gennaro set is so extremely violent , so twisted and dark that we were more anxious to finish just to get it over with rather than discover all the resolutions to the vicious action and closely concealed bad guy identities . A very complicated plot features the hunt for a duo or trio of serial killers , who remain active throughout the story to the point of nearly adding our protagonists to their long list of horribly grisly murders . And while there was some excellent probing of the issue of the violence Kenzie brought into the life of serious girlfriend Grace -LRB- and daughter Mae -RRB- , as well as developments in the ongoing sexual tension between our two principals , we must forego the remainder of this set as just too over the top gory to suit us . Sorry ` bout that .
 I seem to be in the minority on this book . I started reading it with great hopes of discovering a new crime writer . But I found it too wordy , too graphically sexy , too psychopathic and too derivative . Based on my feelings about this novel , I do n't think I 'll try any of his other works .
 The best thing about this book is its description of settings around Boston . It 's always nice to see my city featured in literature.Although the story is at times very engaging , it is quite derivative and sometimes predictable . The jail scene is -LRB- too ? -RRB- reminiscent of Silence of the Lambs and there are many other scenes that remind the experienced mystery reader of other , far superior crime novels.I also found the main character often too rough around the edges and sometimes outright repulsive . When he rationalizes the torture and death of the book 's most vile criminals , he dissolves most of the sympathy he cultivated with the reader throughout the book . As someone whose job it is to uphold the law , one would have hoped he would have had a more refined sense of justice . Also disturbing are the subtle racial stereotypes that recur throughout the book -LRB- see Bubba -RRB- . The personal relationships between the PI and his girlfriend , as well as the one between he and his partner , are peppered with cheesy dialogue that is sometimes so corny , they border on being embarassing.If you 're looking for a semi-suspenseful and quick read with all the typical brashness of the stereotypical PI , -LRB- perhaps on a long flight -RRB- , this is an adequate read . It 's about what you 'd expect , but nothing particularly gripping or memorable .
 I 've read two earlier novels by Lehane -LRB- and enjoyed them both -RRB- , but I wo n't be reading Lehane again.In `` Darkness , Take My Hand '' , the plot on several occasions was surprisingly , even frustratingly predictable , and the scenes/descriptions of violence / torture / mutilation were so graphic I think Hannibal Lector would have nightmares . Cutting of vocal cords so torture can be conducted in quiet . Crucifixion . Mutilation . Burning people alive . A man 's back is broken so he has no way to fight back but must watch his wife get raped . Many readers will find this is just too disturbing.In a series of bizarre commentary , Lehane goes off topic time and again - Page 15 Patrick compares ` ethnic cleansing ' to `` the man who shop up an abortion clinic not far from here or another serial killer who 's killed ten in Utah ... `` Page 125 Patrick receives a bumper sticker `` if you 're against abortion do n't have one '' . Page 156 Patrick claims of the issues of the day `` people were shooting up abortion clinics and subway cars and embassies . `` Page 452 Patrick muses before he himself in a display of twisted logic tortures and murders two people , `` I was furious at every person who practiced violence willingly . People who blew up abortion clinics and bombed airliners and butchered families and gassed subway tunnels and executed hostages and killed women who looked like women who 'd spurned them in the past . `` Page 506 Angela writes in reference to the Vatican - `` What do you think the guys in this building are deciding about my life and my body these days ? `` There may have been more , but you get the idea.Roughly of the population is pro-choice for abortion , and another are pro-choice for life . The remainder are somewhere in between . That 's a lot of readers to offend by the silly and unnecessary left wing commentary into a novel where the story line had nothing to do with abortion .
 Luckily , I only borrowed this book and did not buy it . A friend recommended it to me because she loves P&P . However , I did n't find that the book added anything of real value to Austen 's work , nor did it keep the same tone , sweep , or appeal of the original P&P . Please look elsewhere for Darcy 's story , this one is certainly not worth reading ...
 I too wish I had read reviews of this book before wasting my money . I was about to board a train for a 3 hour ride and wanted something to read . Even so , I put it down after a couple of chapters . I eventually finished it in a moment of madness . It reminds me of someone 's -LRB- not very good -RRB- 8th grade English project - zero imagination , zero feeling for Jane Austen 's style . A complete waste of time .
 I wanted to find a good Pride and Prejudice sequel . There are so many of them , I said to myself , surely ONE must be good?No . They 're all terrible . I read most of `` Darcy 's Story '' -LRB- luckily without paying for it ! -RRB- before I gave up . It does have at least one advantage over most -- it 's boring . Most of the Austen sequels I 've tried have been over-the-top melodramatic , but this one was just dull and plodding . Long scenes directly from P&P ; are copied -- with a few words from Darcy 's perspective added to make the `` story . `` If you 're going to read bad fanfiction , at least do it for free on the internet . Do n't waste your money on this stuff .
 I had high expectations of this book , and I 'll admit I was left disapointed . Most of this book is dialogue directly from Pride & Prejudice . I understand that some people would n't want to tamper with the classic , but I think some creative license could have been taken . When Darcy was speaking it was all mostly word for word from Austen , or a paraphrasing of what he said in Austen 's work . I thought there would be some extra scenes , and though there were a few thrown in , they were rather dull . I did gain some insight into Darcy as a person , but I felt it was more of a telling , not a showing . I love the story , so it was nice to almost read it again , but I felt after reading it that Darcy was n't much more illuminated than in the original .
 I am tempted to simply say , reread the review by Jennifer Decker , as she is absolutely correct , and it is painful to think about this dreadful book long enough to review it.It is very inferior in style to Pride and Prejudice , and portrays Darcy in a much worse light than Jane Austen chose to do . I rather liked Darcy in the original -LRB- my wife says that I am very much like him -RRB- , but he is an annoying twerp in this retelling . He is obnoxious and stupid , a far cry from Jane Austen 's Darcy . -LRB- If you think otherwise , I suggest you reread Pride and Prejudice , as there are many subtle hints to his character that many people seem to overlook , particularly on their first reading . -RRB- One can not help but think , in this retelling , that Elizabeth is making a big mistake in the end of this . I am sure that if I reminded my wife of Aylmer 's Darcy , I would still be single.In Darcy 's Story , there are lengthy excerpts from Pride and Prejudice , especially quoting dialog between Darcy and Elizabeth . The additional dialog written by Aylmer is flat and uninteresting , using stock old-fashioned phrases instead of sentences that are individualized to fit the characters . What we have here is very much like a reunion TV show , of some old beloved series , in which each character is trotted out for us to remember fondly , but with no real interest in itself . Undoubtedly , some will enjoy this , no matter how bad it is in itself , and that applies to this book as well.My wife wisely stopped reading this dreadful book after just a few chapters , despite being a fast reader who devours many books . I continued on , in order that I might be able to write a review , and save some poor soul from being parted with their time and money for such dreck.If you ca n't get enough Jane Austen , try reading her other novels , all of which are quite good , and add to that her juvenilia . I highly recommend The Oxford Illustrated Jane Austen -LRB- Six Volume Set -RRB- -LRB- Hardcover -RRB- , edited by R.W. Chapman -LRB- ISBN
 Why did n't someone stop this woman ? The book is just not written in the style of Austen at all . The language is n't right , in a painful way . There are long passages quoted from Austen , only to be quoted over and over -LRB- and over -RRB- . And the book is pretty short for having quoted Austen so much - that might give you a hint that there is n't much going on . Part of what I love about Austen 's work is the twists and turns and how everything is woven together so nicely . Do n't expect anything like that here . The scenarios are contrived and presented in a ridiculous way . Darcy explaining in a conversation with Fitzwilliam the relationship between Darcy 's father and Wickham - hello ! Fitzwilliam is Darcy 's cousin - close enough to be Georgianna 's co-guardian ! I think he knows the story ! This is just one example . And the letters that are received - two sentences of fluff . And do n't get me started about how repetitive this book is . OK , I 've got it
 I purchased this on impulse the other day after re-reading P&P ; and wanting -LRB- as we Austen fans so often do -RRB- to spend a little more time with the story . On a very basic level it accomplished that for me -- but it offers very little to a reader already familiar with the story.An earlier review calls the writing `` awful . '' I would n't say awful so much as empty . The early chapters are excessively concerned with exposition -LRB- presumably to help those unfamiliar with P&P ; to catch-up with the story -RRB- , but honestly I ca n't imagine anyone wanting to read this book in lieu of P&P ; or before reading P&P. ; Unfortunately , Aylmer misses most -LRB- nearly all , really -RRB- opportunities to truly give us `` Darcy 's point of view '' in any substantial way . It 's as though her editors coached her to merely offer us a different camera angle instead of generating new material that would have genuinely fleshed out Darcy 's perspective.By new material I mean , of course , introspection and dialogue . For example
 I impulsively bought this book at an airport bookstore because I had forgotten my current book -LRB- Jane Austen 's letters -RRB- at home . Having just finished this `` retelling '' of Pride and Prejudice , I now wish I 'd just slept through my flights instead.As other reviewers have mentioned , there is NOTHING new in this book . Not a single thing was revealed about Darcy 's character that could n't be observed with a careful reading of P&P. ; I 've read fanfiction online that was infinitely superior to this book . The author 's own -LRB- not borrowed -RRB- writing -LRB- which rarely appeared -RRB- was completely lacking in spirit , wit , and imagination.Again , as other reviewers have pointed out , the editing errors in the book were particularly troublesome , as they made for many jarring problems for the reader . What annoyed me most , though , was the constant stating , restating , and restating AGAIN of Austen 's own dialogue , as if the reader could n't remember what was said just 2 pages before . And ditto to the reviewer who commented on the particularly awful scene with Lady Catherine confronting Darcy using the exact same language she had just used with Elizabeth . This showed a truly appalling lack of imagination on the part of the author.If you have a choice between this book and just about anything else -- choose just about anything else .
 Is this a original story or did the author just take lines from Miss Austen and add a few extra words ? Save your money ! There are much better Darcy novels out there !
 I bought this book on a whim because I love P&P . However , I think more of the book was verbatim Jane Austin than it was original . There was minimal new characterization of Darcy -LRB- although I did get more of a view of his sister -RRB- . Skip this one -- or at least , borrow it .
 I wish I had taken the time to read some reviews of this prior to buying it . I was not expecting a completely plagiarized retelling of Pride and Prejudice , but an alternate viewpoint story . The best of these I can recall reading was Mary Reilly , an alternate viewpoint of Dr. Jeckle and Mr. Hyde . That was a great read that introduced a whole new perspective to the story . Darcy 's Story is n't really Darcy 's story at all . It is a one-dimensional story where the same scenes from P&P are revisited from Darcy 's viewpoint -LRB- supposedly -RRB- , but he experiences these events exactly the way we were shown in P&P and has no new insights or thoughts that were not previously revealed to us . The only person who might be expected to like this book is someone who has never read P&P , because anyone who has will be disgusted with the way that perfect novel has been edited down to half its original length with a couple of new sentences added in that add absolutely nothing to the story . This should never have been published , and the so-called author should feel fortunate she used a pseudonym in writing this . I would be humilated to have my name attached to this book .
 Janet Aylmer had the intriguing idea of retelling Jane Austen 's best-loved book from the perspective of its hero . `` Darcy 's Story '' is `` Pride and Prejudice '' as seen through the eyes of Fitzwilliam Darcy , the snooty aristocrat who almost loses and finally wins the book 's unforgettable heroine , Elizabeth Bennet.It was a good idea , and in more competent hands , it might have made a good book . Unfortunately , Aylmer 's `` retelling '' of the story involves lifting not just paragraphs , but whole pages of `` Pride and Prejudice '' verbatim . She adds almost nothing to our perception of Darcy as an individual . The scene between Darcy and Wickham , for instance , when Darcy confronts Wickham over his seduction of Lydia without any intention of marrying her , could have been expanded to give us new insights into both characters ; Aylmer dismisses the whole incident in a few banal paragraphs . And Aylmer 's abilities as a writer in general leave a lot to be desired ; the grammatical errors and punctuation gaffes in this book should have been dealt with by a competent editor before they ever saw the light of day . Austen would be turning somersaults in her grave.Ultimately , `` Darcy 's Story '' reads like an inferior version of `` Pride and Prejudice '' . It 's poorly written and poorly contrived . Aylmer should have heeded the time-honored dictum before attempting to retell this story
 Aylmer reuses dialogue from the original and this is to be expected . However , she reuses dialogue way too often and at times she reuses whole passages or even pages of the original . Especially disappointing is when she reuses dialogue even in new scenes that she creates . For instance , Aylmer ventures to describe the confrontation that occurs between Mr. Darcy and Lady Catherine after she leaves Hertfordshire . That chapter was incredibly disappointing and a complete waste of time to read . Nearly every statement that Lady Catherine made closely follows this format : `` I told her * exact words from original * and she replied * exact words from the original * . `` At times dialogue is reused even when she is not recalling what happened and is just addressing Darcy . A lot of examples of the author reusing Austen 's words even when creating new material that did not explicitly occur or was not elaborated on in Pride and Prejudice can be found throughout the book . It 's just very lazy writing.And all of Aylmer 's original dialogue and writing create an awkward juxtaposition with Austen 's . Aylmer 's style of writing is just too simplistic . Most of the new dialogue is absolutely unbelievable and uncharacteristic.Overall , this book is not worth buying . All of the new scenes and events are poorly written and Aylmer fails to use Darcy 's viewpoint to bring about any meaningful or interesting insight into the characters or the original story.Don ' t waste your time .
 Being a self proclaimed P&P purist , I surprised myself by purchasing this book . I guess I was in humor to give consequence to a book that was slighted by other buyers . What a joke ... The book is a badly put together , abridged version of P&P . Darcy 's thoughts amount to a few sentences every so often . The rest is lifted directly from the original . I put this on the same level as the most recent film adaptation of the novel - basement level .
 i must admit , most of the time when i read reviews , i usually go against what the majority says , but here , i would have to agree ! This book was extremly boring ! i kept waiting for the story to be more insightful and tell me something i didnt know , but it mainly repeated everything and gave me nothing on Darcy 's point a veiw that his simple grin didnt already tell me ! I didnt like this book at all
 Mr Darcy only appears in about a third of Pride and Prejudice . I suppose that 's why my copy of Darcy 's Story is about a third as long as my copy of P and P. Instead of using the source material to show new sides to Darcy , the book is mostly word for word copying of P and P ! I have read many rewritings/sequels/other points of view for this novel and even the terrible ones had some new idea to put out , and this had NOTHING . I give the book two stars because it is n't really `` bad '' , it 's just boring . If you have n't reread P and P in a while , it may be less painful , but I found myself skipping ahead through passages I had read a few days previously , while re reading Pride and Prejudice.Thank goodness I got it from the library and did n'tpay for this drivel , I would n't want to encourage this author , especially after reading the essay the author writes for the back of the book . She comes off very conceited and arrogant and I found myself actually getting angry at her .
 This is truly the worst book I 've read in ages . It 's repetitive - passages from Pride and Prejudice and from earlier in the book get needlessly repeated over and over . It 's a safe bet that anyone reading this book has read Pride and Prejudice - there 's no need for Elizabeth and Darcy 's interactions to be essentially cut and pasted rather than retold . It really goes from bad to worse
 Am a huge Austin fan , particularly of Pride & Prejudice , so indulged myself by purchasing this book to keep more company with Austin 's beloved characters . Mr. Darcy is stoic in the original , but downright tedious in this . He just does n't come alive on the pages and much of the dialogue is a rehash from the original . I did enjoy learning more about Darcy 's sister , Georgiana , and her time with Wickham , but there was n't much more to pique my interest . I slogged through and did finish it - so there was much rejoicing on my part . Unfortunately , the celebration was because this novel was over !
 I am a self-confessed Pride & Prejudice-aholic . It is a disease that I am comfortable maintaining . I have read dozens of spin-offs and sequels to Pride & Prejudice and had enjoyment in many.HOWEVER , this one is a simple cut & paste from Jane Austen . At times , less than once sentence per page was written in the author 's own voice . WHICH , I might add was not entertaining in the least . The author explained things very obvious and left nothing to the imagination . He was angry . He thought about her all night long . BLAH ! Boring !!!! I ca n't tell you how much I hated this book . I simply pray you do not waste a BRASS farthing on it . I will give away my copy ... . maybe to someone I do n't like.I ca n't imagine anyone who has the degree of taste in literature it takes to enjoy and appreciate a literary genius like Austen , take any pleasure in this rag !! The author should be ashamed to make a dime off of this cut & paste Austen knockoff . Just read the original novel , and consider that I just saved you three hours of your life you might have wasted .
 This book is a retelling of one of the greatest books of the English Language , Pride and Prejudice , from the perspective of one of the sexiest men the grace the pages of literature , Mr. Darcy . The question that arises with a book such as this is the inevitable
 Can this woman be sued for plagarism ? I felt like I was reading the same story except written by someone standing in the other corner of the room . There is no creativity in developing Darcy further that we already understand him . I could not even finish the book I was so bored .
 Redundant and plodding writing . Lacks the energy to complement the original story . Redundant . Treats readers as if they can not retain details and dialog for more than a handful of pages . Did I mention redundant ?
 I love Pride and Prejudice as much as anybody else and the idea behind this book seems to be a good one
 I really can not comment as to the plot Darcy 's Story since it reproduces P&P ; so exactly -LRB- in fact , a majority of the language is lifted directly from Austen 's novel . -RRB- I will say that Alymer seems to go to no pains to complicate the original plot or introduce any great twists , surprises , or revelations . The narrative is plodding and somewhat repetitive , and neither particularly pleasant nor unpleasant to read . Its greatest virtue may be its brevity -- it is readable in a single sitting.My major objection to this book is the shoddy copyediting . Elizabeth is alternately referred to as Miss Elizabeth and Miss Bennet -LRB- in her elder sister 's presence , -RRB- and other characters are sometimes referred to by the wrong name/title . There are punctuation errors every few pages , which sometimes results in confused dialogue . Italics are used inconsistently . If you are a reader who is bothered or distracted by these types of sloppy errors , be forewarned .
 I 'm generally very tolerant of adaptations of Jane Austen novels , but I was tempted more than once to throw this book across the room . It 's wooden , repetitive , and semi-literate . As other reviewers have noted , the author leans heavily on passages lifted straight from P&P and repeated until you want to scream , so the original material , such as it is , is quite sparse .
 Suzanne Enoch is an absolute wonderful writer . I enjoyed reading Flirting with Danger from the moment I started reading the 1st sentence in chapter 1 . I could not put it down . I enjoyed it so much I immediately purchased the next book of Do n't Look Down . These are two books that will definitely keep a smile on your face . The only thing I regret is that the authors do n't write fast enough . We need more than 1 book a year .
 I keep trying to read Suzanne Enoch 's books and I ca n't like them . She 's not an incompetent writer , but ... this author just does n't work wonders for me . It 's strange , because it 's all there - the writing is good enough , and her historical details/research ; it 's her characters and the plots of her books that just do n't hold my interest . I ca n't escape a `` been there/read that '' feeling when I 'm reading her work . And I always have a hard time finishing her books ! This is the third one I 've tried and I have to say , I 'm giving her a a pass from now on.I also have to say I find her heroines somewhat childish or maybe the word is naive . Or maybe it 's the trouble they always seem to get themselves into . The heroes are always a little more interesting in her works , than the heroines .
 Right from the get go I could n't get into this book . I thought that Robert was truly a wimp & I did n't like his character at all . Lucinda was n't much of a character either . I have to say that Suzanne is one of my favorite romance writers , if not the best . But this story really disappointed me ... Usually she makes the hero alittle more dimensional than Robert was . I know he has his war wounds , but his angst was alittle overdone . Very brooding , short , stilted conversations . I like brooding heroes & all , but this guy had nothing to reccomend him at all . He was really hard to like . . Come on , it had been three years since he 's been back . Living with his brother , what HAS he been doing these last 3 years . You think he would have dealt it somewhat . . Not what I expect out of her . I really wanted to like this book but I could n't . Because I do love her books -LRB- & I spent alot of money on her older out of print books from amazon -RRB- Anyone else feel that way ? Was it just the mood I was in ? Have I read too many really good books lately ??? Maybe I was expecting toooo much ...
 I 'm not a huge fan . This book had it 's good moments , but for some reason it just did n't flow .
 I do n't think the author had a handle on this story - it was not developed well . I would have liked to have seen Lucinda choose Robert as her ` student ' when perhaps he was already attempting to reenter society on his own - and meanwhile being distracted by Geoffrey . As it was , I had no idea why Robert was more or less obsessed with Lucincda to begin with - their romance was told , not felt - somewhat I felt it at the end . Lucinda was never visceral to me , Robert was only a bit more so.Most of the story Robert is with his family , Lucinda is with her family or friends or Robert 's rival , Geoffrey . Argh!I was drawn in by the so-called secondary storyline -LRB- it was front and center instead of romance -RRB- - but , then I wanted more groveling from the General and redemption publicly in the eyes of society - that did not happen . And no epilogue . The story ended abruptly.I wish I was reading what most everyone else did . I love to love romance novels . I 'm still shocked at how poorly executed I found this promising story to be .
 Some of the entries are helpful ; some show their authors to be five or ten years behind the best research on their topics . John Heil 's entry , for example , repeats well-known criticisms of functionalism by Ned Block -LRB- 1990 -RRB- as if they were novel.My main complaint , though , is the editing . It is shameful that a book that costs this much should be so full of solecisms and inaccuracies . One ca n't read a page without coming across a mistake , and the bibliography is almost useless with all its errors . -LRB- E.g. , Rorty 's article ` Putnam and the Relativist Menace ' is cited as ` Philosophy and the Relativist Menace . ' -RRB- This would be nit-picking if there were n't so many nits to pick .
 The format for this book is just about unreadable with serveral lines of open space between sentences .
 This is a book of psychology . For someone looking for a philosophy it is almost unreadable . I would say skip and go to other Russell 's philosophical works .
 The book is very bad printed . There are numerous mistakes and overall it results very painfull to see , not to say , read it . It is a shame that one buy a book and there is no way to make a complain about its printing quality . That is the reason I am doing this here as a review . I will appreciate if you send me another , good copy of Analysis of Mind . If you want I can send you back the copy I received .
 This book is poorly constructed for the following reasons .1 . Many repeats in References
 This book is simply a collection of well known points like using top down/bottom up methodology , assertion in test process , constrained random test , etc. . These points are repeated almost in every chapter and explained without solid example . Everyone who understands the importantance of efficiency & flexibility & resuability & adaptablity in verfication will be disappointed that there is no how-to in the book .
 A friend of mine , Woody Timler , fought in the Battle of the Bulge and I wanted to learn more about it so I listened to the unabridged CD , 11 Days in December . I am afraid I picked the wrong source . The story was a series of jumbled up recollections that made little sense and carried little feeling of how it really was during that very traumatic time . Another review described the accompanying maps with the book as `` atrocious for the untrained public . '' With the CD version were no maps at all so one was left on his own to imagine how the conflicting stragidies worked themselves out . The celebrity references to Ernest Hemingway and Marlene Dietrich were unnecessary as they contributed little . The real stars were the soldiers.What made this muddled story even more so was the monotonous reading by Patrick Cullen . There was no excitement , tension or edge to his voice in the telling of this most horrific battle ; further , his German and French pronunciations were ghastly.If you want to find a cohesive , interesting , and understandable telling of the Battle of the Bulge you wo n't find it in this book.Leif SalvesenPlano , TX
 I have to agree with and enlarge upon Roger 's and WWII Reader 's -LRB- other one star raters as of this date -RRB- opinions
 This is by far the worst book I 've read on this battle . It is a waste of time . I regret having to give it a one star rating .
 How bad is this book ? So bad that it is the first book in my 60 years that I could not finish . Weintraub takes a scatter gun approach to telling his story - nothing is ever connected to anything else . Even worse is his smarmy use of the `` cliff hanger '' approach . Soldier `` A '' gets into a jam and instantly off we go to some other focal point of the battle . You finally return to soldier `` A '' many pages later - with the reader having forgotten how he got there in the first place and beyond the point of caring . And , wow , I did n't know Ernest Hemmingway played such an `` important '' role in the Battle of the Bulge . And probably neither did anyone else . Certainly no role rating eight pages of mention in a 180 page book . But good luck trying to find and meaningful mention of the Malmedy massacre . Skip this book . It is really bad .
 This book is `` all right '' ... but I much prefer `` The Inflammation Syndrome , by Jack Challem , which came out first . Both books cover much the same material , but I think The Inflammation Syndrome does a better job of connecting the dots between dietary imbalances -LRB- caused by eating too many junk foods -RRB- and inflammation . It also recommends a very clear anti-inflammation diet plan , with easy to follow guidelines and recipes , as well as a number of well-documented anti-inflammatory supplements , such as the omega-3 fish oils , gamma-linolenic acid , antioxidant vitamins , and B vitamins . In addition to describing the big picture of inflammation , The Inflammation Syndrome also focuses on the top 20 or so inflammatory diseases , including heart disease , cancer , and arthritis , as well as inflammatory athletic injuries -- each with specific recommendations for eating habits and supplements . At the very least , you might consider getting both books and synthesizing their advice to suit your needs .
 This is not a good book . People who are seeking real insight into their problems will be let down . We generally know that inflammation is involved in diseases . What is needed is a broader framework for making sense out the multiple inflammation phenomena which we observe in disease states . This book fails to bring together the massive amount of scientific and medical data which is currnetly available about toxicology infection and oncology . The title of the book offered such a possible explanation . It failed to deliver . There is no cure in this book.A much better book is `` Oxygen ; the molecule that made the world '' by Nick Lane which is a thought provoking book full of useful insights . The `` inflammation cure '' makes Outragious Generalisations without any reference . -LRB- readers are asked to make the connections themselves to references at the back of the book -RRB- . In many instances dietary recomendations clash with knowledgable opinion and strike me as misleading and wrong . Another book with much better credenitials is called `` The Cholesterol Myths '' by Uffe Ravnskov .
 I know very well what inflammation is and how it adversely affects one 's life . I 've suffered with idiopathic inflammation for almost two years now . I 've been tested for every disease , rheumatoid arthiritis , Lyme , erlichiosis , etc. . The doctors can not find the cause . I 'm on Zyrtec 365 days a year to eliminate allergies . But even this does not lessen my joint inflammation at the young age of 43 , thin , active and non-smoking . I anxiously purchased this book to see what potential cures the author had to offer sufferers . None . Do n't smoke , do n't overeat , eliminition diets , exercise ... all the usual stuff found in every health pamphlet . Nothing new here at all . I learned nothing my doctors had n't already told me or I 'd read online . It 's a well-written book on an important subject . It just does n't have answers as the title implies .
 I have developed a chronic inflammation and have been doing research . The title sounds good but it is totally inadequate . It 's an easy read but adds very little true knowledge . There are several relationships to foods , spices , and herbs to relieve inflammation and very little is covered in this book . All of the author 's credentials and nothing new . Lose weight , eat right , become a vegetarian , get your sleep , be happy is too simplistic . Still it 's a good start for those at the very beginning of the road and those without any health knowledge or common sense .
 There is nothing new in this book and from an asthmatic point of view - it misses the most important aspect of reversing inflammation . There is very little mention about controlling hyperventilation or overbreathing . The first step would be to teach asthmatics the importance of nasal breathing so that the airways dont constrict in the first place . One method of which there are several excellent self books are is called the Buteyko method . Do a search on Amazon for Buteyko.I can guarantee that this area will provide far reaching improvement to quality of life than this book . Other sites which provide a great account of are http://www.buteykointernational.com/ or http://www.buteyko.ie or http://www.asthmacare.ie/
 For the most part , I agree with the premise of this book
 If you are a plaintiff 's attorney or really really stupid this book will appeal to you . It is a self-serving collection of lies , micharacterizations , and falsehoods financed by the ATLA in hopes that gullible voters will take their word for everything that is said . Similar to any Michael Moore film , this book puts its hands over its ears and screams CORPORATIONS , CORPORATIONS , CORPORATIONS !!! at the top of its lungs , expecting that the average reader will agree with its communist leanings and denounce the pigs who place safety before profits.All in all , a waste of time and money .
 What a peculiar book ! American Bloomsbury is easy to dislike for allthe reasons given in a number of the editorial and customer reviews : the factual errors riddling the book beginning right on page 1 -LRB- littleWaldo Emerson was 5 when he died , not 9 ; Emily Dickinson and other `` neighbors '' were not neighbors to the Concordians ; the Emersons werenot married in 1838 ; and on and on and on -RRB- , the jarring colloquialisms -LRB- Emerson as sugar daddy , Thoreau as moocher , Hawthorne as rat -RRB- , thesweeping and totally unfounded assertions , and the sporadicreal-clunker sentences.Such factors as these contribute to making a bad book , but what makesthis book peculiar is that the author shows herself capable , on anumber of pages , of producing compelling , factual , graceful prose , butjust as you are lulled into the story and willing to forgive andforget the clunkers and errors just passed , she pulls you up shortwith some sensationalistic or speculative doozy that utterly breaksthe spell . In the worst cases , these sojourns into fantasy make oneangry because they are so clearly untrue -- and purposeless except asmeans to stoke the potboiler theme of the book
 I did not expect a great book on this subject by Susan Cheever , but I expected a fun and readable book . This is neither fun nor interesting nor particularly readable . Not only is _ American Bloomsbury _ rife with factual errors -- an inexcusable breach considering the subject matter , upon which so much ink has been spilled that there is no excuse for shoddy research -- it is written in a bizarrely disjointed , juvenile tone and is the most poorly edited book I 've seen in years . The interpretation of personalities and events are embarrassingly shallow , and the author ca n't decide if this is a personal reflection or a historical literary overview . Why , for instance , should we care about Cheever 's revelation on p. 43 that `` my ancestor Ezekiel Cheever was part of the -LSB- Salem witch -RSB- trials '' ? Ah , nepotism ! Ms. Cheever must assume that her great literary name will interest readers of this book . Is there any other reason to skip into first person in the eleventh chapter of a book about the Transcendentalists?I 'm such a huge fan of the Transcendentalists that I 'll read * anything * on them , but slogging through the rest of this stilted mess is going to take a LOT of commitment.If you have n't purchased it yet , do yourself a favor and get the eminently superior _ Emerson Among the Eccentrics _ by Carlos Baker . Read anything by David Robinson . Read _ Daughter of Boston
 The premise seems interesting enough
 Having just completed a course on the literature of the Transcendentalists , I was looking forward to learning more about their lives in American Bloomsbury . I should n't have . It was apparent from the beginning that this is not a sophisticated academic work -- the writing is sloppy -LRB- the cliches are painful -RRB- , the facts are wrong -LRB- some things are purely made up -RRB- , and the tone is offensively casual for such a brilliant group of writers and thinkers . First , in her introduction , Cheever explains her attempt to present each thinker 's individual perspective . She explains that some events will appear multiple times as she attempts to convey Thoreau 's , Hawthorne 's , Alcott 's , or Emerson 's interpretation of incidents they experienced together . However , Cheever never succeeds in telling more than the same 3-sentence stories over and over again in the third person . She offers little more than a tangled mess of events hopelessly lacking any sense of organization , chronology , or significance . Second , Cheever fails to acknowledge the main reason the Transcendentalists are known today
 I 've never written a review before , but I 'm compelled in this case . I expected better , and not just because the name of Cheever sets a high standard . Two big problems
 At first I was impressed with Susan Cheever 's apt writing , and excited at the prospect of reading about some of my favorite writers . But reading this book is a little like listening to a friend who enjoys malicious gossip -- embarassing , distasteful , and finally just boring . I get the feeling that some parts are whomped up ; she 's trying to raise questions that the facts do n't justify raising . But mostly there 's an edge of bitter glee here -- as if she 's enjoying anything negative she can dig up . This is n't the kind of writer with whom I enjoy spending time .
 As I read `` American Bloomsbury , '' I found I lost confidence in it . For those with an interest in the Concord of the period Ms. Cheever is discussing , `` Alcott in Her Own Time , '' edited by Daniel ShealyAlcott in Her Own Time
 I was really looking forward to reading this book after hearing the author on NPR , but I am thoroughly disappointed . The writing reminds me of student essays shoddily constructed out of poor Internet research . Beyond the factual errors other reviewers have mentioned , the narrative is sloppy and needs a good edit . At times she leaves out critical information , referring to characters she has yet to introduce . She must not have thought anyone would read it to leave it in such a state .
 It is true that the authors lived and loved , bled and cried , but some of the ` facts ' presented in this book are skewed or downright wrong.She says that Thoreau was the model for Laurie from Little Women . Louisa clearly states in a letter to Alfred Whitman , a young man from Concord who helped the Alcott girls with their plays , on January 6 , 1869 , '' ` Laurie ' is you & my Polish boy ` jintly ' -LSB- jointly -RSB- . '' The `` Polish boy '' she is refering to is a boy she met while in Switzerland five years earlier , Ladislas Wisniewski.Anyone who has ever toured the Old Manse , where Nathaniel and Sophia Hawthorne lived in the three years following their marriage , knows that Emerson did n't own the house his grandfather built . It was owned by his step-cousin , Samuel Ripley , and the reason the Hawthornes were asked to leave was not because Emerson was jealous of Hawthorne 's -LRB- in reality , purely friendly -RRB- relationship with Margaret Fuller , but because of a combination of Hawthorne 's inability to pay the rent he owed , and Ripley 's desire to retire to his family home.Reading the letters Nathaniel wrote to Sophia and the few that remain of the letters she wrote back , particularly right after their marriage , one finds it impossible to believe this idea that he had any romantic feelings towards another woman.Ralph Waldo Emerson also had just married his -LRB- second -RRB- wife , Lidian when Emerson is supposed to have had this romantic infatuation with Fuller . And for those of you who have read Mr. Emerson 's Wife , no , she did not have an afair with Thoreau . Nathaniel , Sophia , Waldo , and Lidian all respected Margaret 's genius at conversation and welcomed her as a friend , but there was no cause for jealousy in the group.I have spent the past 7 years working in and around Concord at the museums in the area and researching the families and their interactions with eachother . I have grown to love the authors through the records they and thier children have left behind and am sadened to see how modern authors mistreat and distort the facts to create a supposedly more interesting story than what already exsists.Concord was an attractive place for these families because of the history already there . It was the spot of the first battle of the American Revolution . Emerson was drawn to the place where his grandfather had made a home and where he spent several happy years as a boy . Intellectuals of the time were drawn to Emerson 's new ideas which he published in his book , Nature , after his dissatisfaction as a minister . Hawthorne moved back to Concord in 1852 to a house he called the Wayside which he purchaced from the Alcotts -LRB- a house which now is in dire need of repair because of the Park Service 's tragic lack of respect for the first literary home it ever aquired -RRB- and enjoyed many years of conversation with Emerson and Alcott and Thoreau.There is a lot more that I could say about this book and the real history of Concord , but time runs short . If you want to know about Concord , read the letters and journals of the authors who lived there and visit the museums , like the Wayside , that still -LRB- for the time being -RRB- are open to the public for its edification .
 I could n't resist buying American Bloomsbury by Susan Cheever because the subject matter fascinated me . It 's about the lives of several renowned American writers in Concord MA in the 1840 's , including Louisa May Alcott , Henry David Thoreau , and Ralph Waldo Emerson . While the historical facts were indeed fascinating , I found Cheever 's writing style to be more like a term paper than what could have been an inspiring and involved account of an amazing intellectual group of individuals who came together and influenced the literary history of our country . Even worse , as I pushed myself through the book , the time line and relationships were presented in a very confusing way , jumping back and forth over the course of a few years . I was glad to read about these incredible writers ' lives , but I wish it had been in a more engaging and organized format .
 I agree with all of the previous reviews in stating that a lot of the facts are wrong . I 'm currently reading The Concord Quartet
 This is an interesting book -- about more interesting people.I must say that I find Ms Cheever 's sympathy for the slave holders , antipathy for the abolitionists , and down right disgust for anyone who was moved by John Brown very disturbing . Her heart goes out to the 5 men executed by John Brown in Kansas , but not a word for those who died in the middle passage or more directly as a result of the ` peculiar institution . ' She finds it difficult to understand why the Transcendentalists could have been so mislead . They were n't . John Brown was right .
 I picked up this book after I finished a course with some of the top historians who specialize in American Transcendentalism . Halfway through the book , all I could think was that this book is the most irresponsible example of history I 've read . Cheever seems to be infatuated with Concordians to the point that she is fantasized her own melodramatic and creepy love story to tie all of the famous transcendentals together , based purely on myth that most historians flatly refute . Not only was I upset with the history she is propagating , but then to think that a team of editors approved this work that seems to ignore research . Cheever seems like a groupie who knows some basic facts and then creates the rest of her own . As an educator who tries to help my students separate fact from fiction and get past the famous myths of history , I do n't know what I 'm supposed to do with this book now , because I do n't want it on my bookshelf and I ca n't give it away to anyone or donate it , because then I am also dissemanating poor information .
 In a way , I liked this book . There was something about it that kept me reading it . Some of it was disbelief over what was being said in comparison/contrast to previous things I had read and known about some of these people . I enjoyed the way perspectives would shift depending on who was the focus of the moment , and I liked the way we sometimes bounced around in time.That said , readThe Lives of Margaret Fuller
 Do NOT buy the Kindle edition of this book ! Underscore ... Emphasize in italics and boldface!To begin with , it 's made from the early edition , which is rife with factual errors , reportedly corrected in a later edition . It is full of uncorrected garbled-type typographical errors -- unpardonable in a retail ebook.It also lacks a proper cover , using the title page for a cover , which I begrudgingly accept from free , public-domain stuff but not in a $ 12 ebook from a mainstream publisher . When I buy a retail book from a bookstore , I expect it to be the current , corrected edition -- fully proof-read -- and to have a cover on it . I expect no less from an ebook . Raspberries to Simon and Schuster for producing it and to Amazon for selling it.Simon and Schuster are not alone . Many mainstream publishers are selling ebooks that are the equivalent of charging hardback book prices for a loose pages of an uncorrected proof run off on the copier at the Post Office . If publishers expect us to pay full-price money for ebooks and not steal them off the internet , they owe us a quality product , not some poorly formatted , hastily thrown-together , out-of-date edition .
 This book repeats a lot of inaccurate cliches about these writers that have n't been taken seriously for a generation or two . A number of reviewers here have pointed out its factual errors . But what really surprised me was the old-school Confederate apologia that creeps in throughout the first three quarters and grows into an ugly rant when Cheever gets to the Transcendentalists ' support for John Brown.At the start of her discussion of John Brown , Cheever mentions about as briefly and vaguely as possible the sustained violence of the pro-slavery side before the war -LRB- though not really of slavery , which remains curiously abstract for her here , as elsewhere -RRB- . But she describes the violence of Brown 's raids in the goriest details she can imagine -- the sound of knife on bone , the smell of guts and vomit . It 's the most vivid description in the book . In a familiar pattern , the constant , ubiquitous violence of slavery and its supporters gets barely an acknowledgement , but any violence by its opponents is recounted in lavish , horrified detail.It never occurs to Cheever that anyone could have opposed slavery enough to feel violenct resistance was justified . Brown is just a religious lunatic to her , or a `` con man . '' And suddenly she has contempt for the subjects of her book , the same people who brilliance and importance she describes in rapturous superlatives everywhere else . She dismisses Thoreau and Alcott as `` immature boys who had never been able to support themselves '' -LRB- as if their poverty invalidated their politics -RRB- and Emerson -- who , as the `` eminently practical father figure for those feckless boys , '' should have known better -- as an effete intellectual perhaps `` too caught up in translations of Goethe and Pindar '' to understand the reality of what he supported.In fact , the whole Civil War seems misguided and unnecessary to her . She approvingly cites Robert Penn Warren 's portrait of the war as the needless result of Northern zealotry
 Why does this site insist that I give one star to this unscholarly slander ? The author was wise to pick on dead people who ca n't sue her ! I suggest historical romance of the heaving bosom variety would better suit Ms. Cheever 's mind set and meager talents . One star ? Do n't make me laugh .
 I can not recall reading a more poorly written -- and edited -- book . With such tremendous potential in the subject matter and the obvious interest Cheever had in making the characters come -LRB- back -RRB- to life , it is a shame this book was published before it was really completed . Some fact checks -LRB- see other posts by people more knowledgeable than I -RRB- and significant rewriting may have made this book readable -- and even enjoyable .
 After reading Megan Marshall 's engrossing book about the Peabody sisters , I was intrigued by Susan Cheever 's ` American Bloomsbury ' and borrowed it from the library . Thank goodness I did n't buy it ! A ` nice early review ' quoted on Cheever 's website -LRB- without a source -RRB- described the book as a `` dishy romp '' with the `` Concord gang '' and , indeed , Cheever has managed to turn one of the richest , most fascinating periods of American life and letters into a cheesy bodice-ripper . And it 's so poorly written ! Although Cheever purports to teach writing at the graduate level the book is full of cliches such as `` Alcott 's voice reached out through the century , ... drawing characters that seem to come alive on the page ... '' or clunkers like `` Thoreau ... had already written a lot and graduated from Harvard . '' Written a lot ? After Marshall 's vivid , nuanced and thought-provoking depiction of this circle , ` American Bloomsbury ' is an embarrassment .
 American Bloomsbury is a popularization of the lives of the people involved in and related to the literary renaissance and transcendentalist movement centered in antebellum Concord , Massachusetts . Devoid of reference notes , one is left having to accept author Cheever 's recreations of the personalities and relationships of the participants . The book has value to the degree she has fleshed this out accurately . It is certainly a more engaging read than an academic study and it is tempting to believe that she has channeled reality . Whether she has drawn too many conclusions or drawn conclusions accurately is something the lay reader will not know . But there is a much more serious problem with this book . It is the creation of a small-minded , conservative , 21st century copperhead . She sneers at the Brook Farm community ; contemns the abolitionist movement for pushing the country into civil war by not giving politics and compromise a chance , in jaw-dropping ignorance of history ; despises John Brown and condemns the Concord circle for supporting him and thus betraying their former nature-loving pacifism . Actually , it is of course much to their credit that in the refining fire of this second American revolution they were completely committed to the right side -LRB- by and large -- Hawthorne was a waffler -RRB- , unlike the author who is apparently trying singlehandedly to bring back copperheadism after 145 years . Thoreau 's greatest political work is not the essay that has come down to us as `` Civil Disobedience '' , an immature scribbling author Cheever -LRB- and M.L. King and Mahatma Gandhi -RRB- is apparently fond of . The mature Thoreau was no pacifist . `` In Defense of Captain John Brown '' was nothing less than a call to arms . Cheever much prefers the naive youthful pacifist Thoreau.On parsing the lives of the Concord transcendentalists and the authors that wrote in the wake of that movement , this book is engaging -- if one can accept a `` popularizing '' -LRB- read `` dumbing down '' -RRB- style of writing . In its popularization though , it could seem to some that it might be appropriate for a youthful audience . But I would n't recommend it to them . Lacking historical knowledge and respecting authorial opinion , they 'll come away from it wondering if fighting against slavery was a mistake .
 This is really more of an historical novel ; it reveals more about the sad state of the author 's mind than it does the lives of any of the literary giants associated with Concord . American Bloomsbury should not be allowed to be classified as nonfiction .
 I had high hopes for American Bloomsbury after hearing Susan Cheever interviewed on NPR . Some of what she wrote was interesting and new to me , but overall the book was not satisfying . It was interesting to read biographical details , especially of Thoreau and Hawthorne , but I felt that she was just scratching the surface and not really delving into her subjects ' lives or works . She also has the annoying habit of adding uninteresting tidbits about her visits to the authors ' homes or towns which do n't really add anything to the narrative . I do n't know enough about these figures to know what I was missing , but that did n't stop me from feeling that there was more to know .
 This is the first time I 've been compelled to write a review . I am not overly-knowledgeable about the `` Concordians , '' but am reasonably literate . I 'm much more familiar with the London Bloomsburians , and love literary biography . I am not qualified to speak to the alleged plethora of inaccuracies in the book , but even without that , it 's a very disappointing book . Yes , it 's readable and somewhat entertaining , but I 'm learning very little about the thought and inner lives of the Transcendentalists . The book also moves confusingly between what would charitably be called analysis , and chronology . I suppose this is a fault of editing , but it makes the book less coherent . The only positive to having bought this is that I now plan to read some of the good books recommended by other disappointed reviewers .
 This book reads like a series of front page stories from a trash tabloid . It is gossipy in tone with very little substance or thought . It is as if the author did a skimming summary of other works and through this book together in order to meet a deadline . `` Chapters '' are often 3-4 pages long . At times the leap between topics between chapters leaves one puzzled and confused.She would have done better to created a pot boiler of a 19th century soap opera graphic novel - that would have been worth seeing and would have put the book in the proper context .
 I 'm still scratching my head over this one . One the surface , its concept is fascinating
 I LOVE RR in general and have read all of her books , but this one was a big disappointment . A huge part of the book is old food reviews and the rest is the stories of the disguises she wore to restaurants and how she came up with them . This would n't have been a bad book if there had been less of the -LRB- now very old -RRB- restaurant reviews and more of the story telling surrounding them . This just felt like filler between publishing a greatest hits of old articles .
 I prefer to read on my Kindle but I ca n't see the justification for a higher price for the digital edition for this 6 year old book than for hardback or softcover . It 's ridiculous and I wo n't support the publisher in ripping off Kindle users this way .
 I decided to buy this book after hearing an interview with Ruth Reichl on CBC . It was the first book I 've read by her and definitely the last . Yes , it was interesting to read about the different treatments she received based on perceived social status ; however , I found it rather too much when she was `` becoming '' a different person , timid or obnoxious , as soon as she put different clothes on and a wig . Also , after a few chapters , I started getting a little annoyed with her constant `` I found myself saying '' . There are also remarks in the book of how Mrs. Reichl finds New York people rude ; ironically I found her character -LRB- her real character -RRB- rather pompous as she rarely had anything good to say about others but plenty of criticism .
 The book might be fabulous but I will never know as I want to purchase the digital edition . However , the digital edition is more expensive than the soft cover version or the hard cover version . That seems ludicrous and unjustified and I will not be purchasing this book . Also , 13 $ for a book which is a few years old ? Why ?
 This book left me feeling like I consumed too much , uncomfortable and wondering why I spent so much time doing it . It 's a little interesting in the way that it 's a little interesting to know what Paris Hilton is saying and doing . In fact it may be exactly the same as reading this book . The author is good at describing food but not that wonderful at making the stories involving . Her fascination with herself bleeds into bizarre as she dons disguises at various times . I found her reviews and the peek at the underbelly of the New York Times fairly intriguing . However , the uncomfortable feeling comes from my understanding of how the privileged in this country have taken conspicuous consumption to obscene levels and we all become participants by glorify them . I do n't want to know any more about Paris Hilton or read any more food orgies thank you very much .
 Maybe it 's not such a good idea to have the author read her own book aloud . Ms. Reichl is a much more talented writer than reader . I found her delivery so nasal and monotone and gasp -- Boring ! that I did n't even finish the first disk . Now I shall go in search of the book to read myself as it does promise to be interesting . Just not read aloud by the author please .
 Reichl is a knowledgable food critic and a talented writer , however I was uncomfortable with her use of alter egos to get restaurant reviews . Her disguises went far beyond seeking anonimity ; her true personality quirks were allowed out of their cages , where they normally are housed in polite society . Most of this was harmless , although there were times when she became quite catty . She belittled a person who had purchased her dining companionship for the benefit of charity . Even though the person was a bore , it was her duty to see the evening through without compaint , or she should have never auctioned herself off . I would have expected her to set some ground rules for the evening , rather than letting herself be abused -LRB- restaurant choice , length of the committment , etc. -RRB- , then becoming resentful . It would have been easier for her to write the charity a check and excuse herself . On another occassion she dressed vampishly and led a man on . She was married and deceived a gentleman over the possibility of a deepening relationship , even though she paid for her own dinner . Her husband was uncomfortable with the deception , as was I.This book is a display of Reichl 's self-absorbed , brattish behavior . Her reviews were fair and even inspired , however her behavior was not .
 I enjoyed Reichl 's previous two memoirs , so when I spied this third memoir on the new books shelf at the local university library , I seized it . Unfortunately , it does n't live up to its intriguing premise of her as a critic in disguise . She does discuss the first `` undercover '' meals of each persona , but she does n't follow up on them . Apparently , the restaurants discover her alter egos so she creates new ones . But how do they do that ? Does she always eat undercover ? She does n't answer many questions . I like her brief discomfort with the homeless man on the bus begging for food ; she feels badly and gives him her leftover $ 100 doggy bag . But then -LRB- despite still feeling guilty about being paid to eat extravagant meals when many in NYC are homeless and hungry -RRB- she writes a lame column somewhat touching on the issue and then we never hear about it again . Was her guilt in reviewing food that many ca n't afford to eat part of the reason why she resigned ? We do n't know because she drops it . And what about the crusade against her by the previous food critic ? It bothered her enough to mention it in the book and to use his real name , but after she discovered the nasty letters written about her , she drops it . Was n't she angry ? What happened ? Something happened since she worked in the same area as the grumpy ex-food critic . This book just did n't meet the standards of her two previous memoirs , which are funny and well-written . This one had many passages devoted to her recipes and long descriptions of eating food -LRB- a salad became a forest , a fish the whole ocean , etc. -RRB- which is understandable since she is a critic , but I 'd like to know
 I was extremely disappointed with this book . I expected to read more about the inner workings of NY restaurants , not recycled reviews from the New York Times . I thought it would be interesting to read about how she fooled restaurants with her various disguises . I did not expect to read page after page of where she bought the wigs , how she found the clothes , etc. etc. . You can only read `` the tastes exploded in my mouth like hundreds of little fireworks '' -LRB- not a true quote from the book -RRB- so many times before you start skipping over the reviews . Save yourself some money and read the actual restaurant reviews from the Times ' archives . I wish I had .
 Am I the only reader who felt that Ms. Reichl 's fascination with disguises bordered on creepiness ? Perhaps I 'm naive , but is theatrical make-up , a wig and a new wardrobe absolutely required in order to mask the identity of a newspaper food critic ? Did it sound perhaps like Ms. Reichl had perhaps a bit too much time on her hands ? Was it absolutely necessary that she create long and detailed lies to tell complete strangers -LRB- the manicurist and unsuspecting dining companion Dan Green -RRB- simply to write a compelling restaurant review ? I think not . It seems she simply enjoyed playing dress up and putting one over on everyone.All in all , I could n't get past the author 's odd behavior to appreciate her talent as a food critic . While I did enjoy Tender At The Bone , this is certainly a book I would skip . As another reviewer here mentioned , many parts of it felt contrived , exaggerated and perhaps , with Ms. Reichl 's penchant for creating an elaborate ruse , simply untrue .
 The story had an interesting set-up , and I appreciated the author 's food and restaurant expertise . The author has obvious passion for the subject matter , although some of the language describing food is seriously hyperbolic . I just could n't wait for it to finally end.At first , the storyline seemed like an intriguing insider 's view of the author 's process of dining at restaurants , in disguise and as herself , to write her restaurant reviews , but it quickly became tediously repetitious . Throughout the book , the author continuously presented a verbose description of her dining experiences at a particular restaurant , and then followed it up with a rewrite of the same scene -LRB- s -RRB- within her reviews . I enjoyed reading the account of her first dining experience and subsequent restaurant review , but found myself skimming the reviews after the second or third restaurant assignment.I felt the same way about the author 's belabored creation of and performances in her disguises . The process seemed like an interesting challenge at first , but became monotonous -LRB- not to mention a little creepy and occasionally hurtful -RRB- with each new disguise.If it had not been a book club assignment , I would not have finished it .
 The book and authorship was quite fun , but the poor editing of the Kindle edition make reading this a disaster - there are numerous places where words have unintentionally been split into two -LRB- e.g. , `` Mor ton 's '' instead of `` Morton 's '' -RRB- and a few where a whole paragraph has been repeated . I love my Kindle , but it 's immensely frustrating to actually pay two dollars * more * for an eBook that is so poorly edited and put together . Do n't buy this as a Kindle edition !
 `` The slippery noodle slid down my throat leaving a salty wet residue on my lips . I gently licked it off with my tongue and sent a tingle charging down my spine . `` Did that sentence make you uncomfortable ? Because it sure as hell made me uncomfortable the first time I read it ; especially given the fact that the author is not describing a sexual encounter with an unfortunately endowed man . No , that grotesquely erotic narrative is actually referencing Reichl 's first bite into noodle dish served at a dumpy Korean restaurant in lower Manhattan . Creepy . Here 's the thing ; I am no prude . I love me the occasional steam in my reading rainbow but when a prix fix turns passionate , the walls of my comfort zone are breached and Sister Mary Sanctimonious takes over . Again ... creepy.Now , all that aside , I was really looking forward to reading Garlic and Sapphires and I am really disappointed by how little I enjoyed it . What I thought would be a fun , food filled account of this woman 's first year as the food critic for the NYT is in fact a compilation of short stories punctuated with recipes and excerpts of her actual reviews . It was very choppy and ultimately tiresome.Another point of irritation was the repetition . In those chapters that included a story + the review , I felt like I was reading the same thing twice . Reichl would tell the story about her experience at a restaurant and then post the article as it appeared in the paper . The only thing is , it was often the EXACT SAME narrative . That 's just sloppy editing and a waste of paper.To be fair I did enjoy reading about the different types of food that 's out there . If anything it was a great education and I admire people daring enough to try the more exotic fare -LRB- seafood chowder garnished with squid ink ? Squid ink ?? No . Absolutely not -RRB- . However , the culinary creativity was just not enough to keep this book afloat and in the end I was happy when the meal was over .
 The subject hooked me in immediately - a famous NY food critic working in disguise , so as to experience the same treatment restaurants give to lesser mortals . Her reviews of these places gave well-deserved rebukes , and reading her newspaper pieces shows why she 's a respected critic . Her palate is obviously exquisitely sensitive , and her knowledge of the business must be tremendous.But it 's only in the short format of a review that I can read her writing with any enjoyment . In a book , all her defects of style become very tedious -LRB- despite her acknowledgments citing all the help she 's had from top-flight editors ! -RRB- . She writes in a breathless , overblown manner , with no sense of narrative proportion . She introduces new characters in lavish paragraphs of purple prose , and then they vanish entirely from the book . Incidents of no importance are written up in minute detail , and parts that would have been worth developing are skipped over.Her descriptions of people -LRB- including her own disguises -RRB- call on every cliche in the romantic novel genre , and her dialogue plods along clumsily , stating the obvious at every turn . After a chapter or two I had to suspend the willing belief one normally brings to an autobiography - really , are we to believe that her late mother 's friend nearly fainted on seeing her put on her mother 's dress , because the resemblance was so utterly convincing ? Or that her own husband failed to recognise her as soon as she put on a wig and some stage make-up ? Reichl tells us firmly and at length that it happened , and since her writing is otherwise completely without irony , I gather she intends us to take it as fact.Overall , I finished the book wishing I 'd followed my impulse and dumped it after the first chapter . I kept waiting for it to turn into the promised hilarious and charming piece , but I waited in vain . I was left with the impression of a woman self-absorbed , arrogant and shallow , who notices little and cares less about other people except as they massage her ego or give her fuel for showing her contempt . There is no attempt at developing a theme or plot , and no insight into her own or anyone else 's character . If extravagant , adjective-riddled descriptions of food appeal to you , there 's plenty of that - but even then , my vicarious enjoyment of the meals was spoilt by the feeling that she 's only saying this to impress us all with what an infallible and sensitive judge she is . Yes , Ruth , I guess you are . That 's why they employed you . But a little more humility and humour would make for a better book .
 For a book without much of a plot , intrigue , or even character development , it was OK.There are hints that she feels guilty about spending so much time away from her son but that goes nowhere.The food descriptions are luscious but get old after a few hundred pages.I even tried one of the recipes - the roast chicken . It was as dull as the book.Ms . Reichl must have gotten as bored writing it as I did reading it because it ends with the thud of a meal with no dessert .
 After reading Tender at the Bone , I was looking forward to more of Ruth Reichl . Garlic and Sapphires was not only a disappointment , it was as if a completely different person had written it . It is ironic that in a book about disguises , Reichl herself was unrecognizable . Far from the funny , sensitive , and sincere person she was in her first book , Reichl had transformed herself into a self-absorbed snob loaded with enough hypocrisy to sink a ship.This book covers Reichl 's stint as the New York Times chief restaurant critic . Although she accepts the position , she has reservations about the elitist implications of the job , and vows to write for the masses -- those million readers who ca n't afford to spend $ 100 for a meal at a four-star French restaurant . Part of her mission is to expose the poor treatment many of these restaurants heap on the `` common man . '' But in order to accomplish this lofty goal , Reichl must eat in disguise . For if she is recognized as New York 's premier restaurant critic , she 'll be treated like royalty . -LRB- Although this obviously has no bearing on the quality of the food , it has a great deal of bearing on the quality of the experience . Personally , I eat for the food . -RRB- The idea is cute , and for the first few chapters it was fun . But Reichl shows her true colors right from the start when she heaps disdain on a bearded ignoramus -LRB- wearing Birkenstocks ... unforgivable ! -RRB- for having the audacity to dip his sushi rice-side down , thereby `` ruining '' the `` clear transparent flavor , '' the `` taut crispness , '' and the clam that was `` almost baroque in its sensuality . '' -LRB- I have yet to meet a sensual or almost baroque clam , but I 'll take Reichl 's word for it . -RRB- Reichl then reminisces about her trip to Japan , in which she is first exposed to the proper way to eat Japanese food . -LRB- I 'm pretty sure the guy in Birkenstocks could not afford to go to Japan for eating lessons . -RRB- In her other encounters with diners at top-notch restaurants Reichl indulges in so much blatant one-up-manship that you simply ca n't sympathize with her concern for the `` simple folk '' no matter how much she tries to dress like them . The verbal food fights with the poor guy she picks up in a bar as the vampish Chloe -LRB- what 's up with THAT ?? -RRB- , and with the self-avowed `` food warrior '' were downright churlish . After proclaiming that there is no right way to eat food , Reichl clearly demonstrates that it 's her way or the highway . Even Reichl 's portrayals of other diners , who are merely innocent bystanders , are dreadfully stereotyped , sometimes to the point of cruelty . -LRB- She assumes that a `` loud , brassy blonde , '' who is disturbing her expensive meal , is a prostitute . Apparently , sitting next to the `` masses '' is n't nearly as much fun as pretending to write for them . -RRB- Even Reichl 's disguises lacked credibility . Reichl 's claims that she had an instant personality transformation with each new disguise are simply unbelievable . She BECOMES the ` little people , ' taking on their imagined attributes , their voices , their very lives . She comes up with histories for each of the women she invents , and , with just a wig and some makeup , is so amazingly convincing that she can even fool her husband ! Either Reichl is schizophrenic , or she takes method acting entirely too seriously . She certainly takes herself too seriously.If the book had been well written I could have forgiven the snobbery , but , with the exception of one chapter , `` The Missionary of the Delicious , '' in which Reichl was somehow able to get a grip on herself , purple prose abounded . -LRB- As her editor I would have crossed out half of her adjectives . -RRB- The inclusion of reprints of her published reviews was redundant , and the recipes were mediocre . -LRB- There was no clue in these recipes that Reichl was an expert in the kitchen . But , hey , she was writing for the `` huddled masses yearning to eat free . '' What do we know ? We ca n't even dip sushi right . -RRB- If Reichl had n't been so intent on wallowing in her ego , this book might have had possibilities . She loves food , and she has dined in some truly fabulous restaurants . The fact that most of us ca n't afford them is irrelevant . She had a duty to go to these marvelous places , enjoy herself to the max , and then take the rest of us with her .
 Although it was entertaining to read about resturants I will never get to eat at , I found the dialogue , style , and story boring.I do n't know what I was expecting , but my book club wanted to do this book & I did not enjoy it . Maybe newspaper articles are better .
 I like the book til about 3/4 of the book . It was cute in the beginning , but it was getting tiresome . There were parts of the book that was funny . But , if you do n't go to expensive restaurants , and know about gourmet foods and restaurants . It becomes tedious . I had a hard time relating since I do n't go to pricy reataurants . But , it did give you a different outlook on the restaurant business . How they treat you . I go to my local restaurant , or coffe shop any day . They know my name , and it is personal . But , in these xpensive restaurants you have the status if you are somebody , and they will seat at the best table in the house . Getting back to the book , The best part were the disguises , how her family felt when she had all the disguises , now that was funny . The treatments of the customers if you were famous . They would get the best table in the house . And when she was found out to be the food critic of TNYT . Then they gave her the best table , the best wines , made sure she had a full glass of wine . I never even thought of going to a restaurant and being a social event .
 I was so disappointed in this latest book . Loved `` Tender to the bone '' , loved `` Comfort Me with Apples '' , love your magazine , HATED `` Garlic and Sapphires '' . I just kept thinking that it was going to get better and more interesting and it just did n't . And the recipes just happened out of the blue and were not very interesting.Don ' t bother buying . Wait until it hits your local library .
 I can not understand how a publisher can justify charging more for the Kindle version than paperback . It leads me to believe that as e-readers dominate the market place publishers are opting to gouge us with higher prices . It makes no sense when you consider they do not need to print or transport the books . So why the higher rate ? Pure greed that ultimately hurts the authors because readers like myself refuse to buy the book .
 Book was listed as being in good condition ; I would have said fair since it has quite a bit of water damage .
 I was very disappointed in this audio CD book . First of all , something about this book seems very self-indulgent . For example , CD1 goes on endlessly about how the author does n't really want this top job , but of course , she interviews and ends up with it . It seems very disingenous . Second , stories from a job of eating out at mostly very fancy restaurants seems pretty irrelevant in 2008 , when most people are struggling to pay their monthly bills and save for retirement . Listening for 20 minutes to someone describe perfect buckwheat noodles is rather tiresome . Third , and perhaps most importantly , the publisher has chosen a reader who is very dramatic and overly inflects each and every voice . She mimics a 4 year old child , a portly Yankee editor , old Jewish men , the author , a haughty , constipated sounding friend -LRB- Claudia -RRB- , Italian waiters , etc. . I guess some listeners might enjoy this , but it personally drove me bonkers . A matter of personal preference , I guess . Be careful you can handle this type of a narration before you opt for the audiobook .
 Annoying , trite , and painfully over-exaggerated . That is all . This short review is about the perfect length the book should be .
 These 2 books are fantasy novels set in a human prehistory in which magic exists . The twist to this idea is that magic is based on a naturally occurring but non-renewable resource called manna -LRB- what else -RRB- . In some ways , this is an attempt at an allegory of contemporary dependence on petroleum products . Against the backdrop , Niven and Pournelle set a series of stories about a period when manna is really drying up . The first book , The Burning City , is a bildungsroman about a young man growing up in a relatively magicless community with an unusual social structure and his later adventures in the greater world . The second book , Burning Tower , is a quest story in which the heroes , related to the heroes of The Burning City , search for powerful wizards manipulating magic in a malignant way.These are not particularly well written books . Plots are haphazardly developed , characterization is weak , and good descriptive writing is conspicuous by its absence . The Burning City , in particular , is marred by some poorly developed allegory . Neither Niven nor Pournelle are gifted writers though some of their previous work , both individually and in collaboration , is considerably better than either of these books . Neither of these books come close to matching their best work , The Mote in God 's Eye , a very good novel.Given these deficiencies , the books succeed or fail on the authors ' ability to weave traditional mythology and prehistory into their premise . Here , they are only modestly successful . Their use of mythic elements is relatively superficial . I can recommend these books only to hard core Niven-Pournelle fans , and then only if they purchase these books at a discount .
 I 've read a few other PG novels , and while I mildly enjoyed one -LRB- and dispised the other -RRB- , I thought I 'd give this one a try . I thought that the perspective of 3 women -LRB- Jane Boleyn , Anne of Cleves and Katherine Howard -RRB- would make it interesting , and as not much is known about Anne of Cleves or Katherine Howard , I figured it 'd be harder for Ms. Gregory to butcher the history -LRB- as she did in TOBG -RRB- . Even with my low expectations , I was disappointed . The extremely repetative theme of the book -LRB- from all three women 's perspective -RRB- was
 Having enjoyed so many of Philippa Gregory 's other novels , particularly The Other Boleyn Girl , I pre-ordered this and waited eagerly for its arrival . I started out with high hopes , but soon tired of the redundance and two dimensional characters . Telling the story from the points of view of the three women is a good idea in theory , but did n't lead to the characters being developed in any meaningful way with depth , especially Katherine Howard and Jane Boleyn . Jane spends a good deal of time bemoaning the demise of her husband and denying her role in his conviction and death , while at least half of Katherine 's parts deal with her counting how many dresses she has acquired and describing how she is the prettiest girl in court -LRB- yes , a la Paris Hilton , but how interesting is that ? -RRB- . Anne of Cleves comes across as a sympathetic character , but I felt like I was beat over the head with the metaphor of her as a gyrfalcon . The multiple descriptions of Henry 's rotting leg and passing gas and the `` miasma '' of odors under the sheets also got annoying . Uncle Howard , the Duke of Norfolk , is reduced to a Voldemort type villian , with no complexity . There 's little explanation of what he stands to gain by having Howard girls on the throne - beyond riches . Surely his quest for personal power could have been explored a little more , as it was in the earlier work . This novel provides few of the historical details and little insight into the social mores of the time that made Mrs. Gregory 's previous works so readable and interesting . I was surprised that so many reviewers liked this novel as much as The Other Boleyn Girl . I did n't want want that one to end because I found it so intriguing , but cutting The Boleyn Inheritance by 100 pages or so would have made a better book . Perhaps Mrs. Gregory has exhausted the Tudors and it 's time for her to move on to another historical period . Eleanor of Aquitaine , anyone ?
 I devoured `` The Other Boleyn Girl '' and was so looking forward to `` The Boleyn Inheritance '' only to be severely disappointed . The three person narrative was awkwardly executed and yes , Ms. Gregory would have done well to give us a rich portrait of one of the ladies . I found her voice of Anne of Cleaves the most interesting and wished that Gregory had written it entirely from her view . Jane Boleyn 's narrative and some of the dialogue exchanges between her and the Duke read like a bad over the top Spanish TV novella . The most annoying part was the endless repetition of Jane 's remorse over the events that happened in `` The Other Boleyn Girl . '' Much of the book felt like filler , as if the reader was getting banged over the head with the same emotion -LRB- I get it already ! -RRB- . I felt like I was reading some V.C. Andrews ghost writer . I was n't interested in revisting Jane 's remorse over and over and I also felt that people that had n't read `` The Other Boleyn Girl '' would miss some of the references . A book should stand on its own with or with out having read the previous.Another complaint is the liberties she has taken with the history . In both books she often makes many characters younger than they should be . Kitty was 19 at the time of her marriage . And many liberties where taken with the Henry-in-disguise meeting Anne , another event that was repeated and mulled over so many times it was incredible.It seems like this book was rushed and the characters and events not fully developed . If you edited out all the repetition this book should have been about 200 pages tops.I do n't recommend it . However `` The Other Boleyn Girl '' is brilliant .
 Some of her books are brilliant . Some are not . This is not !
 I read the preview for this book , coul n't wait to read a really sink my teeth british tudor novel . I was very much let down . It was n't a mystery at all and that is what I was looking for .
 Do n't be fooled by the other reviews boasting of the excellence of this novel ; it is a great disappointment to anyone who has read The Other Boleyn Girl , The Virgin 's Lover and the The Queen 's Fool . Much like the Constant Princess , this book is full of repetition -- so much so that it is a wonder that Ms Gregory 's editors let her get away with it . Her characters did not grow or change as a result of their ordeal , but , again and again repeated almost the very same words as those said in the previous chapter . While the conceit of the story is interesting -- telling the tale from the point of view of each of the 3 female protaganists , the execution is amateur . In truth , this book should be no more than a few chapters long . As I said , a great disappointment that must be laid at the feet of Ms. Gregory 's need to publish a book each year . This is my 6th Gregory book and the last that I will read .
 This book moved sooooo slowly . it was nothing at all like the other boleyn girl . In this book , jane boleyn was a innocent , remorseful widow , Anne of cleves was confused all the time and katherine was an idiot.Im not finished with it yet but so far this sucks !
 I like reading historical fiction because it gives the facts and creates a story around it . It 's normally easy to read in the sense it 's not dry like most regular history books . This book started off well , and when I was n't reading about Lady Jane Rochford , the book was easy to read and enjoyable . The chapters that were in Lady Jane Rochford 's voice , however , were so off base it was impossible to read . The writer made Lady Rochford sound innocent and nice , rather than the vindictive and malicious woman she was . It would have been easier to read if she had n't been portrayed as pure as she had been portrayed . She may not have been as malicious as some people believe , but she was n't guiltless when you consider her testimony sent her husband and his sister to their deaths .
 I LOVE history and historical novels , but it really bothers me when an author takes real historical people & events , and completely changes the story ! If you want to write absolute fiction , then do that ! Do n't use real people , places , & events and misrepresent `` history '' to people who think they are getting `` historical '' information in the novel ! I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS AUTHOR TO ANYONE !!
 This book could easily be edited down to 1/4 of it 's length . It is extraordinarily boring , slow moving and deeply repetitive . I do not have amnesia nor am i a simpleton . I do not need to be reminded of mundane details every 3 or 4 pages . I kept reading this book only to see if anything was every actually going to happen . I was sorely disappointed .
 I found this book boring and an awkward read . Phillipa Gregory 's other books were MUCH better and more interesting ! Wish I had waited until it came out in paperback OR had a higher discounted price !!!
 I loved The Other Boleyn Girl , but in my opinion The Boleyn Inherityance is not nearly as good . The story is told by 3 people -- Katherine Howard , Ann of Cleves and Jane Boleyn -LRB- George 's wife -RRB- . These 3 are not nearly as interesting as Mary , Anne and George Boleyn were in The Other Boleyn Girl . Also , Henry the VIII in The Boleyn Inheritance is grossly obese , has a smelly leg wound and is using his power to behead and persecute lots of people , so there is no real love story as there was with Katherine of Aragon ; Ann of Cleves and Katherine Howard both find him repulsive .
 I like the use of descriptions to describe the dress and atmosphere . I was not prepared for the way it is organized . It switches from the viewpoint of three different characters . So it tells of an event through one character and then switches and tells the exact event again through the other two characters . So you are basically reading the same events three times . It is nice to see the different viewpoints , but after a while it gets predictable . I became bored with the same event being told three times .
 While I wanted to love this book , the constant switching of perspectives sadly left me mainy confused . The highlight is reading from Katherine Howard 's point-of-view but that is not enough of a plus to make me want to read it again .
 This is a very important topic and people need real information that will help them . Unfortunately , the content of this book is meager at best . I would look elsewhere .
 I do n't think it was a good book on the subject . The book lacks real life examples , and in my opinion was just a rip off .
 When you buy the Kindle edition of this book , you do not receive a code to take the emotional intelligence appraisal . On hardcover editions , this code is on the reverse side of the dust jacket . While the book does say that it is not absolutely necessary to take the appraisal , I would like to have the option of taking it or not . I contacted customer service about this issue and the reply was they try to ensure that the kindle edition is as close as possible to the original , but sometimes there are differences .
 Pro : + Some decent references , e.g. proper survey design + Nice chapter structure , introducing EQ as a complement of IQ + Simple format that is quick and easy to read + Good use of quotes throughout the text to set tone and direction + A decent Q and A section within the text -LRB- Chapter 3 -RRB- + A good section on questions you could ask a class or reading group -LRB- see cons however for more -RRB- Con : - Free on line test is free only once ... it 's $ 19.95 thereafter . - Compelling questions provided , but grouped together at the end of the text , rather than being kept at the end of each chapter where they 'd be most useful - Data looks non-statistical and maybe even manipulated - 2 examples : # 1 -LRB- from page 44 -RRB-
 Just like most of the one star reviews state , there is nothing that can be learned from this book . The book is sort of like a paper written by a procrastinator 2 hours before class starts . Basically stating that emotional intelligence can be obtained or accessed , but never HOW . There is a couple of stories of celebrity stories in this book . I have not read the full version because of a review on the full version that said the quick book was just as good . Since I feel like I have been ripped off , I will not give the original book a chance . But if I had the choice over again , I would have picked up the original version . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I read all the feedback everyone had given it and I was kind of fired up to get the book . I was a little disappointed when I finished it . There are nuggets of wisdom in this book and good things , no doubt about it . The `` everything you need to know to boost your score '' like the front cover touts could n't have been more than 40 pages of a 200 + page book . It lacked substance . I think they could have spent less time defending their survey and defining EQ , and more time on more how-to 's and tips .
 I gave this book to my wife . We both thought it was basically a promotion for Emotional Intelligence . It says that it can be done but nothing on HOW to do it or concrete things . Read the original or other books by Goleman for the real thing .
 When you take the time to read a book you should be either entertained to be learn something . This book positions itself as an educational book but is merely a tool to promote the authors ' website and side business . For example , they encourage you to go to their website and take their quiz which they insist is not a `` cosmo quiz '' . Before you take their quiz , be sure to find and write down the code in the jacket of the book . Great gimmicks . I did not feel that their goal was to teach their readers about emotional intelligence but more likely to get us to look into their business.The simplistic diagrams of the brain in the book attempt to get readers to think that this is a scientific book with ample research behind it . The authors state that `` emotional intelligence '' is searched more on the web than `` John Travolta '' . Who cares ? If you write a short a book then you better make it dense with stuff that readers can use . This is a total waste of time . I have not read any other books on emotional intelligence but I certainly would not recommend this one .
 The Good
 the concept is cliched in a bad way and the writimg falls horribly , horribly short of remotey good . reads like something a student would write in highschool ; all the characters have seemingly the same voice and personality , -LRB- that of the writers , im assuming -RRB- and such pesonality is shallow and somwhat blase . i have absolutely no interest in discovering whats happening since the evil dudes plot is revealed in the first few chapters , and the rest of the book is merely a set up for gregarious , bad one liners that all characters deliver equally and without indication that they 're even remotely different from each other . i made the mistake of reading ` on earth as it is in hell ' before this and it set the bar high , and set me up for massive dissapointment when i moved on to this book .
 I really wanted to love this book and bought it because I have heard him speak before and he does seem enlightened . With that said , this book is impossibly hard to follow , so I ultimately gave up on it . I could n't recommend it in good faith .
 THE DALAI LAMA IS NOT THE READERfor that price he should be
 With all due respect Jeffrey , Ph.D. . Hopkins ' voice , tone and delivery detracts from the message . It is monotone and makes an enlightening subject boring by virtue of the delivery . I have three -LSB- 3 -RSB- other audio books by His Holiness the Dalai Lama , ` Live in a better way ' , ` The art of Happiness ' , and ` The art of Happiness at work ' and those are more engaging.An audio book must deliver more than just the spoken word , it should pull the listener in . I wished he had used someone else to deliver the audio book . A hard listen for me despite the subject matter . The absence of the ` Tibetan accent ' as it were is a factor which could be over looked if Jeffrey , Ph.D. . Hopkins ' tone had some life ; something to feel . ZZZZZzzzzz ...
 This is the first review I have ever submitted . I have read over a hundred books about mountaineering but I must say this is the worst . He should have named the book `` me me me '' . I have never read a more egotistical writer . Anyone giving him a 5 star rating must be related .
 It is well documented that Heller was the reason Cube and Dre left NWA . But it later emerged Jerry Heller was stealing from Eazy E . This is an account from BG Knocc Out moments before Eazy headed to hospital . `` The last time I went into the hallway the man was in there by himself sittin ' on the floor wheezing , like terribly . And I was like , `` You alright ? '' I sat down next to him , and he was tryin ' to talk , and he had this big manila envelope in his hand , pulling out these faxes and all this stuff . He had records from where money was missing from the label - millions of dollars that he said Jerry was stealing from him . And Jerry was sending him idle threats - faxes and stuff like that . `` That night he took Eazy to hospital for the last time . Anyone who is a fan of Eazy E or NWA DO N'T BUY THIS BOOK .
 I was very disappointed in this book -- so much so that I returned it which is something I rarely do . It just seemed superficial and glib to me and I was very surprised that it received such good reviews from professionals whose opinion I respect .
 do n't get me wrong , i love michael lutin . i read his horoscopes every day and have even bought forecasts from his website . but this book is very superficial . first of all , i thought this was a book about the nodes but it only talks about sun signs . the nice thing is that he goes through those signs degree by degree ; unfortunately the descriptions are n't very profound or interesting.the second portion of the book is even more non-specific . there are sections on things like wealth , relationships , etc and he talks about ` finding your true north ' and ` where things go south ' ... but as far as i could tell this advice was not tailored to any given planet or node placements . not enough astrology , too many platitudes .
 I was excited to read this book , but was quickly disappointed . I rarely return books , but after reading some of this book I could n't continue because , try as I might , I could n't relate to the majority of what I read . The author holds zealously negative views of people , it seems . I am very introspective , feel confident admitting my faults and make a life 's work of searching for how to be a better person , including learning of more faults . I was born on the cusp , gemini/cancer , but am gemini . The description of gemini was so off the mark that I read cancer , but was almost as disappointed . As I continued reading specifics for birth year under each sign I gave up . It seems this author confidently sees the world as a place chock full of extremely problemed people with little going for them -LRB- or at least all geminis and cancers -RRB- . Too bad .
 All though I was n't crazy about the author first novel , it was o.k. . I was thinking that her writing skills will get better over time . But the last two books got worse . Her writing stayed the same , the author just changed the main characters . The storyline was about the same , all the way down to the same words used in the love scences . I to support AA authors , granted some are better than other , but I will still hang in there and buy books even if I do n't think the author is that good of a story teller , BUT Mrs. Lee is a different story . I wo n't give up on her yet , but I 'll just check her future books out at the library , so I wo n't feel like I wasted my money by buying her books .
 Having read Ms. Lee 's first two novels , I had hopes that this book would be more mature in writing style than the others , but nothing has changed . This book , and its other prequels , belong in a teeny-bopper 's book club instead of being marketed to a mature audience . As I read , I could easily predict the story
 I read this book because it was mentioned favorably by Cesar Milan in his books . However , this book is not nearly as readable or informative as Milan 's books so if you prefer simplicity and direct information rather than high handed , lofty academic writing , you will not like this book.Mr . Coren first of all , talks down to his audience and treats dogs more like scientific experiments than beloved pets and companions . A typical sentence by Croren may start out like this `` John Deefledorph , professor of psycopsychologyd boo-bahness at the University of the Grand Poobah and author of the Book `` His Grandness Load of BS '' and . . ... '' On and on like that . It takes a paragraph sometimes for Coren to get to the part where the grand pooh bah conducted a study of some sort . I 've always wondered why academics rely on studies to the exclusion of plain common sense . Guys like this will cite to a study before they go the bathroom.Moreover , Coren has a very high handed arrogant and smug writing style I do n't particularly care for . In fact , I got little from this book except a lot of information about a lot of studies and truthfully , it was upsetting reading about heartless studies done on dogs by the military.If you are a fan of tedious academic writing and studies and clinical writing that lacks warmth and insight , you will like this book . I myself got nothing out of it and that is purely my fault I 'm sure . Coren keeps himself and his subject at a distance and lacks a real warmth both towards dogs and dog owners.This is a soulless book on a soulful subject .
 Stanley Coren is aparently an `` expert '' on dog behavior , but I think he 's the only one calling himself that , particluarly when it comes to discussing the history and behavior of `` bull and terrier '' breeds.Coren states in the early parts of his book that any dog -LRB- of any breed -RRB- that exhibited aggressiveness towards humans were culled , which is correct . Later in the book , in a chapter titled `` Creating Monsters '' , he discusses how `` pit bull '' type dogs were developed , and how selective breeding has created dogs that are more aggressive . And this is where things go south.Coren goes into great detail about how dogs - specifically American Pit Bull Terriers and `` American Staffordshire bull terriers '' , along with Staffordshire Bull Terriers and any other bully breed - bred to fight other dogs are also inherently aggressive towards humans . Not only is this a damaging assumption on Coren ' part , but it is also very incorrect - bully breeds were bred to be DOG aggressive , and any dog that showed unacceptable behavior towards people was immediately killed . `` Bull and Terrier '' type dogs were - and remain - very intelligent , very stable , and very people-friendly . It takes a great deal of painful , fear-inducing `` training '' to cause a bully breed to be aggressive towards humans . Think something along the lines of inserting gun powder into a dog 's anus just as a stranger approaches.His anecdotes are irrelevant - like the one about the woman who slipped and fell , only to be attacked by her Staffie while trying to get up - and since they can not be proven or disproven , they only provide more of a misunderstanding , fueling the general public 's hysteria.He even provides a handy chart at the end of the book , letting readers know which dogs are `` dominant '' -LRB- suggestive the possibility for aggressiveness -RRB- , which have a high `` Intelligence/learning ability '' -LRB- suggesting that some breeds a `` stupid '' -RRB- , which are `` emotionally reactive '' or `` social '' , and what each breed 's energy levels are . The information contained in this chart is completely incorrect , and anyone who has ever owned a dog will be able to tell you that.I have been studying dogs for over a decade . I have spent the last 10 years of my life studying behavior , learning throries , intelligence , social structures , and training methods . At the end of the day , Stanley Coren is human psychologist , and spends most of this book discussing human psychology and how it might apply to dogs , but probably does n't . I found this book to be a confusing , dull read - there is a lot of personal stories , anecdotes , and mis-used information -LRB- any dog `` expert '' knows that CDC dog bite statistics are n't accurate or unbiased -RRB- , and Coren contradicts himself more than a few times . The only thing worse than Coren is Millan!There are other , better books available on dog behavior . Do n't waste your money on this one !
 Helen Thomas is an embarrasment . Plain and simple . She is no national treasure . She is no pillar of the press . She is however , a symbol of what the White House Press Corps has become ... a drumbeat for the Left , a wing of the DNC and an irrelevancy in the journalistic history of the Republic . Their bias against the current administration is so great that they have lost credibility with main stream America . For far too many years , Ms. Thomas considered herself the pom pom girl of the press corps.At eighty-six and relegated to the back of the room and mostly ignored she has raised the only voice she has left to once more vilify Bush and castigate the other members of the press corps for not being even more outrageous than they already are.The Lefties here apparently love the book . Let them waste their money on it . Save yours .
 This book sorely disappointed me for two reasons . I strongly agree with the thesis of the title , that the media largely abandoned their important duty as watchdogs of democracy in the run-up to the War in Iraq , HOWEVER , this issue amounts to a grand total of ONE chapter in her entire book . The rest is a bunch of anecdotes tied loosely together . In fact , it reads more like an anthology than a unified work.The second thing that disappointed me was also something of a shock
 Perhaps I wanted the wrong thing out of this book . I was hoping for some probing assertions and introspection about the role of the media , its relationship with the public and the government , and its future . There was some of that , but it was incoherent and tied more to specific examples than to an overarching idea.Page after page were tenuously connected stories where she tried to tie together a theme , but ended up completely disorganized . When she did hit on a major theme like conglomoration of the media into only a few corporate hands , she automatically assumed that would lead to a narrowing of the viewpoint without explaining how the proposed bias would actually accomplish that . From someone with an inside track , I hoped for more than just assumptions.Similarly , her discussion of protection of source confidentiality was completely one-sided , with not even a mention of the ways it can be abused -LRB- aside from its over use -RRB- . The perfect example even looked her in the face , and after pages writing about the Plame incident she still had no comment how , for example , confidential leaks can be used for political gain and disinformation.I was frustrated after about 30 pages , but stuck it out through most of this book . If you are new to liberalism or have n't heard the horrors of the Bush administration then it might be useful . Otherwise , it 's not worth reading .
 This book was clearly written for profit . Many sections of the book are only weakly connected back to the main theme and nowhere does Helen Thomas make her case-in-chief directly . Instead , the reader is treated to a series of vignettes which all too frequently bear only a tenuous relationship to one another and which make no effort to maintain continuity . While each chapter has a reasonably strong cohesion -LRB- though those boundaries frequently intersect in a way which would make any Venn diagram lover proud -RRB- , they work together not as a fine Swiss watch , but instead more like a Rube Goldberg machine.There is one theme which appears time-and-again
 The author , Mr. Newberg , seems to jump back and forth at times , as if unclear what the final point is he is hoping to make . His book seems at times a new age spiritual reflection yet ends up a soft science . This disappointing read is a re-hash of other prominent and earlier books in the field . The author seems to have jumped on the band wagon of `` cognition , '' yet adds nothing new to the study . The style of writing is chopping , and unfortunately , makes for a disappointing read .
 Somewhat hard to follow ... Had its good and bad moments . Hated that Rapp jumped around , talking about his fame during Rent , his childhood and then back to Rent . Went into graphic details about his sexual life . Very touching moments about his mother and her battle with cancer and the tragic sudden death of Jonathan Larson .
 Great read for all of the Rent Heads out there . This book tells the personal side of Anthony Rapp as well as his interaction with the Rent cast , including Johnathan Larson .
 This is the executive summary 64 pages . NOT the one reviewed below that is out of print . I checked it out of the library and found it very good , but wanted to finish it in detail on a long business trip . Was very disappointed when I saw a small flimsy pamphlet like book , not the good one . Amazon need to make this clearer to people . Watch the buy 3 get one free promos - there is a reason those books are sitting .
 There is no 2 year plan that will lead you to a million in real estate laid out in this book . It is an imperfect tale of real estate basics and a few stories worked in for flavor . Its more of a cheerleading book for real estate investment but im thinking when you get to the point where you are buying real estate books on amazon you need some real meat and potatos ... buying this book wont be the worst mistake you ever made ... but there are many that cover similar material in a much better way . Personally i stay away from the Donald Trump , Carlton Sheets , infomercial real estate types , and go with authors that have a long term , realistic , and workable approach to real estate .
 I should have known better than to buy a real estate book that was published in 2006 . This book was obviously written right at the absolute peak of the real estate market and the author 's experience and examples are from 2002-2005 , which were arguably the best times in history to be in real estate . If you 're picking up this book today , you 'll immediately see a lot of advice that just does n't make sense in today 's economy and real estate market.That is n't to say there is n't any good information in the book , because there is . Some of the advice surrounding being a property investor and landlord still apply today , and many of the basic tactics involved in analyzing markets and buying properties remain true . But aside from this information you 're more or less reading about the experience of someone who made it big during the best boom years in real estate by using a lot of leverage and taking advantage of incredible short-term appreciation to amass his wealth . If you tried to mimic everything in the book today , you 'd be nowhere near as successful . These days you do n't go out and buy a property with little money down , realize 10-20 % equity gains in a single year and then tap into that equity to finance your next deal , and so on.This book is mainly trying to sell the dream . Just based on the title alone you can tell it was marketed toward people at the peak of the real estate boom and wanted to quit their job and get rich just buying up property . That 's still the dream of many today , but this book wo n't give you all the answers to accomplish that in today 's economy . I 'd suggest a more recent book if you want to get a better idea of what it takes to make it in the business these days . Probably the best book out there isInvesting in Real Estate , which I also just finished reading .
 Thought I 'd get a bit of advice on the present situation in the real estate market . Author touched on it briefly in one of his latter chapters . I did notice that his 3 first deals , in which he said he made his million , were noticably scant on financials . I would recommend however , `` The unofficial guide to real estate investing '' A much better buy.Mike
 Overall it 's a good book but he does give some rather shady advice such as how to obtain financing for down payments . He says things like `` family and friends '' `` private investors '' `` hard money lenders '' The only real way to obtain money is really to just work 2 jobs while living at your parents house for a year or two making huge sacrifices , but he does n't say this ... Also , this book was written in 2006 before the big real estate crash . Would his leveraging plan still have worked ? I do n't know . . Maybe I 'll have to read his new book.All in all , it 's only 10 dollars . There are a lot of good things he does say . Good explanation on CAP rates . And he does make a strong argument on why owning multi-family houses/apartments is better than owning multiple condos or single family homes .
 The book follows the author on his path to success through real estate management/investment . When I reached the point in the book where the author made his first real estate investment purchase in the summer of 2002 I paused to consider the housing market he succeeded in . With a copyright of 2006 , the author must have generated the bulk of his successes between 2002 and late 2005/early 2006 - heady times for the real estate market . His claim that the book will '' ... teach you how to duplicate my achievements ... '' is questionable given the present housing market . If he were starting out today would he have achieved so much so fast?The book is easy to read and I like the way points are summarized at the end of each chapter . I 'm just concerned that someone whose advice is based upon an experience gained during very favorable housing market conditions might not hold up under tougher times .
 Unfortunately for the reader , Mr. Martinez gained all of his real estate knowledge during the housing bubble of the early 2000 's . His story and tactics all revolve around using equity in current properties or the sale of current properties to finance the purchase of additional real estate . During the housing bubble when real estate prices were increasing at 20 % ,30 % ,40 % + per year and lenders were giving out loans with little or no down payment , this approach could work wonders . However , now that home prices have flattened out or even plummeted and lenders are requiring 20 % down with verifiable income and perfect credit , Martinez 's methods of property procurement are completely out of date and virtually worthless.Martinez also briefly describes how to effectively manage income producing properties . While not entirely out of date , I found the material to be extremely general and with no real substance for someone who is actually trying to be a landlord.Don ' t be fooled by the title . If you are interested in spending your hard earned money and valuable time getting into rental properties , look for books with more substance and more current information.On the plus side , it is a quick read , has some inspirational quotes and hidden amongst the fluff are a very few interesting tips . Pick it up at the library if you are still interested .
 This book is terribly outdated and short on details . I would not recommend it and there are much better real estate investment books out there . I do recommend the series by robert Kiyosaki . I 've actually used his techniques and they work .
 Hi all , I just returned this book after reading it through twice . This author 's description of his rise to real estate wealth is shaky at best . The timeline , as written , does not work . I find the financials he describes highly questionable . Purchasing several appartment buildings using one secured line of credit off a condo ? I do n't think so.As mentioned in other reviews , this is not a credible system for puchasing investment/revenue real estate , but rather a story about an individual who either got very , very lucky -LRB- of which there are many in real estate -RRB- or is padding his jacket.There are many , many better books out there . This author is trying cash in with a catchy title and some cheerleading . Nothing of substance . See Keller 's new book
 It 's true . It is full of mistakes . I quit after the first chapter in frustration over the errors . McGraw Hill does not offer an errata for the book . Shame on you McGraw Hill . Either quit selling it , or give us a comprehensive errata so we may fix our already purchased copies . I will be very slow to trust all future books by this publishing company .
 As other reviewers have stated , this book is a great idea , however the execution is just pathetic . The first worked out examples have ADDITION and SUBTRACTION errors ! Literally every other example is wrong and the errata only lists about two thirds of the errors.Avoid this book .
 I bought this book after reading tons of positive reviews praising it . It was meant for a preview to my Linear Algebra and Applications class and as an alternative reference . I read through about half of the book before the semester began , but we pretty much learned everything I read from this within two weeks . I gave up on it and it was just sitting there until I decided to further clarify to myself the concept of kernel and image , and all the proof questions associated with them . And guess what , this book does n't even address these concepts . Now I have no reason to even open this book because real college level courses go well beyond this depth and relying on the information in here for tests is just an academic suicide ...
 I tried using this book as a review , but stopped reading after a few dozen pages . Almost immediately , you start running into major , non-obvious typos , so downloading the errata is essential . On top of that , many of the examples used to illustrate even simple concepts were unnecessarily complicated and poorly explained . I do n't recommend this book .
 I am not the greatest at math , so I thought a nice review would help . Because I am not the greatest at math when I got one of the questions ` wrong ' in the first quiz I assumed I had messed up , so I did it again and got the same ` wrong ' answer , so I picked up a calculator which got , guess what , the same ` wrong ' answer . After about 20 minutes of thinking I was an idiot , I realized that the answer key was wrong . This made me feel better about myself and lousy about my purchase ...
 Although the author may know his stuff , it 's too bad that McGraw-Hill did n't have an editor review his work or at least have a couple of math majors read through his book and provide him with feedback before they rushed to get it published.For example , on PAGE 5 , the author states that the coefficient matrix is the element at row i , column j -LRB- Fig 1-2 -RRB- . As a beginning student , I stared at that for a few minutes before giving up on what the author was trying to communicate . It was only when I turned to PAGE 6 did I see the matrix that he stated was on PAGE 5 . A similar error appeared on PAGE 8 when the author breaks up the discussion on PIVOTS with Figure 1-3 which is a discussion of the upper and lower triangular matrices . But then he continues the PIVOTS discussion on PAGE 9 ane NEVER refers to the Figure 1-3 -LRB- because it was actually part of the previous section -RRB- ! The next error pops up on PAGE 13 when the number 13 in the sample matrix mysteriously turns into the number 19 . And this error is carried through the next page -LRB- 14 -RRB- . At this point I gave up on the book with it errors and inconsistencies . Luckily , I had borrowed it from the library.The only reason I gave this book ONE STAR is because Amazon would not let me give it ZERO STARS.However , the library also had copies of Schaum 's Outline to Linear Algebra and 3,000 Solved Problems in Linear Algebra . These two books were very good and worth buying .
 Firs , the book has quite a few mistakes in formulas and solutions . It may teach you a few basis things about matrixes -LRB- addition , subtraction , multiplication -RRB- , but in do n't explain any meaning of these operations . There is no geometric or any other interpretation of anything . It already assumes you know what vectors are ?????? It mentions material in the beginning of the book that is explained at the end of it . Definitely not enough solved examples . At the end of each chapter it has a quiz that supposed to have solutions at the end of the book , but only 1/2 of the excesses -LRB- the easier ones -RRB- have solutions . for the other have the author rudely tells you to follow the path of some other exercise . I find it unacceptable laziness on his part . I know what I need to follow , but I also need to know the answer so I can check myself and see if I followed it correctly . Do n't buy it .
 Exactly as stated in the title ... should have purchased one of the `` Dummy '' books .
 ... just terrible . I agree with the reviewer that praised the idea behind the book and also with one of the author 's stated goals -- to provide a quick review for graduate students about to take a more advanced course in linear algebra -- but the execution is awful.This book is replete with errors ! Listing them from least to most serious , I found 1 -RRB- spelling , grammatical and typographical errors 2 -RRB- MANY computational errors -LRB- approximately half of the problems have them -RRB- 3 -RRB- imprecise usage of vocabulary -LRB- in a very vocabulary-driven branch of mathematics -RRB- 4 -RRB- SERIOUS errors in definitions and descriptions of procedures -LRB- the exposition of one of the most famous algorithms in mathematics , Cramer 's Rule -LRB- p. 64 -RRB- , IS WRONG ! -RRB- . Also , the few proofs given are worthless except as examples of begging the question , the book in general is poorly written , and -- as one reviewer wrote -- the answers to the quizzes are incomplete or not given , period.I am a long-time Amazon customer who orders quite regularly , but this is the first time ever that I have been prompted to write a review . That 's how bad this book is . I 'm very disappointed ; I planned a quick review of linear algebra this summer and do not have time for a textbook-type treatment of the material.NOTE
 There are so many typos in the examples that I find the book useless . For example , on page 13 , the number 13 in the matrix suddenly becomes a 19 , and remains the same throughout most of the example . On the top of page 25 , the matrix multiplication has three typos ! I can not recommend this book to anyone . The author should have taken more time to check his work .
 The author seems confident in his abilities.So confident that he leaves out steps in arriving atcertain solutions in the early part of the book.This is ok after you have grasped the material bygoing over simpler examples first . The flow is wrong in the beginning of the book . I can see how this would frustrate most people refreshing theirmath skills.My college level book was easier to get into than this `` DeMystified '' publication.I am very dissapointed and wish I could get my money back .
 Thoroughly disappointed by this book , hard to believe McGraw-Hill 's name is on it . What little practical information it contains is organized and prioritized poorly . The author wastes precious pages decribing atomic theory -LRB- doping , lattice , valence electrons -RRB- and obsolete mechanical control systems -LRB- cams -RRB- . Then he glosses over integrated circuits in a single paragraph , saying they are to numerous to detail and how they could fill a book all by themselves.Precisely . THAT 'S the book I wanted , not this one .
 the basics seem to be omitted . There is no `` quick start '' chapter on how to get moving . The minutiae are well covered . The practical hands on explanations are deeply buried . The included DVD is almost completely useless and does not even play properly on my Mac G5 - not a good sign for `` the DVD guy ''
 This book is very dissapointing . Sure , this book is full of information , but does not know how to teach . This book is not completely written in step by step method . Before you actually start touch your project , you are fed up with information . I even found a couple of mistakes in earlier chapter . DVD comes with this book , but this DVD is not a lesson project like Apple Pro Training Series . Not useful.If you are beginner and start studying DVD Studio Pro 4 , do n't by this book ! You 're going to waste your money . Buy the one from Apple Pro Training Series , which is much better , easy to understand .
 Table of contents IS NOT interactive . You must page through hundreds of pages to find anything .
 Nothing wrong with the product , but the Kindle search engines as found n a variety of products make the dictionary all but unusable . Buy the print version or do without .
 If you are getting this to learn anything new , do n't waste you 're time . Everything in this book a small child probably already knows . The most basic of language is in this book . This book should be labeled very differently , I gave it the low score because its basically of no use to the majority of people that will buy it to use for writing . Its a good book if you do n't know a lot of English , like someone who speaks Spanish and is trying to learn English . Remember , buyer beware .
 I do n't know if this is the case for anyone else , but there are literally 20 or so pages absent from my copy of this book . -LRB- Pages 533-552 -RRB- That in itself is disappointing , but on top of that , many of the other criticisms are spot on -- the book has 24,000 entries , but you have to page through hundreds of variations of the same phrase to find anything meaningful . If you are getting this reference tool for writing , search elsewhere .
 Dashing , one-dimensional , yet able to survive war AND a dysfunctional family , Starbuck guides us through the civil war . The action is gripping , fast and frequent -LRB- okay , even well written at times -RRB- ; however , it is n't enough to offset wooden characters and dialogue . The history and facts seem accurate and real ; but the story is mind-candy . One is reminded of a TV-movie like `` War and Remembrance '' in which the character 's superficial romances and personal tragedies serve as a rest stop between `` Important Events . '' I nominate Chuck Norris for the TV-movie version of this book and series . A `` 4 '' for historical accuracy and above average action .
 I only give one star to this book for its very dramatic , realistic , and wonderfully written battle scenes . In all four books of the Starbuck Chronicles , Cornwell offers these great scenes to the reader that can not be found in any other Civil War Novel . In this alone do I wish that the Starbuck Chronicles continue -LRB- for the last book stops short of the battle of Fredricksburg < sic > -RRB- . However , the plots , characters , and historical value are not to be desired by a serious reader of historical fiction . First of all in the battle scenes Starbuck , an officer is seen fighting among his men with a musket and without rank insignia on his collar . There is no proof that an officer would behave this way except in one or two instances when an officer would pick up a rifle on the field . I believe that Cornwell was trying to make the Starbuck and Confederate officer figure look more edgy and above military tradition and ritual . However , this is not from historical fact.Also Cornwell does little to give the reader understanding of what Starbuck and indeed all the South is fighting for . The cause is always victory , victory , victory . For what though ? For the northerners in the book , however he delicately outlines the cause of freeing the slave . In fact , in one scene , Starbuck asks his free black friend , Lucifer , why he wants to fight the `` people who want to free him . '' However , this too is historically inaccurate . Not only was all the Starbuck Chronicles based before the Emancipation Proclamation was issued but also even after it was issued , the primary cause of the Union soldier was to keep the Southern states in the Union . Historical data reflects that very few Northerners favored the destruction of slavery . When the Civil War ended , 19 of 24 Northern states did not allow blacks to vote . Nowhere did they serve on juries before 1860 . However , as wonderful as Cornwell wanted to paint the Northerners , he could now leave out the fact that General Pope of the Union army issued an order that would not hold Northern soldiers accountable for sacking and destroying Southern homes and raping their women . So to disguise this black moment in Northern history , Cornwell uses Billy Blythe , a native of the South wearing blue to do all this dirty work promoted by General Pope . It is sad that the only way for Cornwell to show Northern brutality against Southern citizens was to use a Southern man wearing the blue coat.For all the good in these chronicles I am saddened that it stenches of the same politically correct and fairy tail lies that have ruined North and South and other wise good Civil War fiction .
 As I said to my father when we were discussing the Starbuck series , `` Ah well , at least we can rely on Bernard to give us a good battle '' . The Starbuck books are good , and had anyone else 's name appeared on the cover they might even qualify for an excellent rating . But they 're not worthy of Bernard Cornwell . The problem really is Nate , the lead character . Or maybe it 's with me and my dear old dad
 Cornwell 's terribly disappointing Civil War series -LRB- Rebel , Copperhead -RRB- here continues the trials and triumphs of Nathaniel Starbuck , Northerner turned Confederate rebel . The story here concerns Nate 's rise in the ranks , along with the stunning transformation of the drunkard Col. Swindon , while his old best friend Adam finds refuge in a Yankee cavalry unit . The battle sequences-most notably Cedar Mountain and the second Manassas-are typical Cornwell , blood , guts , smoke , terror , and mayhem everywhere . But ultimately the series falls flat because the characters are n't very compelling , and thus we do n't really care about them . Some readers seem to find Starbuck a wonderful creation , a troubled soul , struggling with his Northern heritage , God , morality , and soforth . I personally do n't get it , Starbuck is a spoiled teenager turned soldier mostly as an act of reflexive rebellion against his father , and there 's little to recommend him as a hero-he 's certainly no Sharpe.Another problem is that characters from previous books seem to wax and wane to the point of inconsistency . For example , Nate 's archnemesis , Gen. Faulconer all but disappears from this book , as does Nate 's Sgt. Harper substitute Sgt. Treadwell , not to mention any of the ladies who figured so prominently in the two previous books . Meanwhile , Nate 's father gets a much more prominent role , and new characters are introduced , like the black servant Lucifer , and the nasty Billy Blythe , who is a virtual reincarnation of Sgt. Obediah Hakeswill from Cornwell 's Sharpe series . One the whole Cornwell 's writing is just a bit sloppier and more careless in this series . For example , in all three books he 's had Starbuck spy a young soldier in battle reloading an unfired rifle and stop him , giving him a dead soldier 's rifle instead . I mean ... come on!In any event , the series is far below Cornwell 's Sharpe series , but I suppose I 'll keep reading just to see if it improves .
 I 've read a number of Higgin 's works -- On Dangerous Grounds , Drink With the Devil , The Eagle Has Landed and A Season In Hell to name a few . This short novel however , did not share the depth and intrigue that I found in his other efforts . The boy meets girl ; boy gets girl plot was shallow and the storyline had an ending that was predictable after the first three chapters . Needless to say , I was disappointed in this most recent effort . It was almost like the author was behind in a deadline to get a book out and this was it . I can say however , that I do have a better understanding of the origins of the Protestant/Catholic conflict in Northern Ireland .
 I could not believe Jack Higgins actually wrote this insipid book . I kept looking at the cover to verify the author . I am glad to find out this was first written in 1963 therefore should not be an indication of author 's current abilities . The plot was shallow . Boy meets girl . . everything works out rosy . Seemed more like a cheesy romance novel . I have read numerous Jack Higgins works and loved them all ... until this one . Take my advice and skip it .
 Clay Fitzgerald , a survivor of the US Civil War returns to Ireland to find peace . Instead , he gets embroiled in the feud between the stereotypical English lord and the noble Irish peasentry . Clay is not only a CSA cavalry combat veteran but a trained surgeon . He 's the type of hero who ca n't be kept down by mere beatings or gunshot wounds . He takes a licking and keeps on ticking . It also does n't help that all the book 's action is compressed into a few days . All Clay seems to do is fly about the countryside on the back of his faithful steed from one confrontation to another.One of the other reviews mentioned that this story was originally written in 1963 . In fact , after getting halfway through the book I checked the copyright date because the story gave me the impression of being written by a rather green author . However , the copyright on my book only shows 1999 . Perhaps it 's one of Higgen 's earlier stories that sat in a drawer for 30 years.In any event , I do n't think the book measures up to some of the author 's other works . Unless all you want is a time filler I 'd suggest a pass on this book .
 I agree with several of the reviewers that said that you could easily predict this plot . The only thing that saved this book is the underlying theme of the mistreatment of the Irish by the British during the 1860 's . The character of Joanna is a mystery as to why she helps Clay even before she knows him . Why she hates what her uncle does but still supports him is another mystery . How she shows up in the neck of time at the beginning of the book to save Clay a couple of times and then becomes a hinderance to him the rest of the book is grating . The romance between them is very awkwardly written.Clay is very reckless am seems to have Indiana Jones 's luck for getting out of tight spots . He becomes the legendary Captain Swing and it takes quite awhile for anyone to figure out that Captain Swing is him -LRB- really ? -RRB- . Even though he has the best horse around , nobody can figure out it is him from his horse . That is like accepting that no one can see that Clark Kent is Superman.Clay has a servant named Joshua . We are not sure if Joshua was a slave or what and why he stays with Clay . Some of the dialog exchanges are very stereotypical and annoying.It seems like the author saw The Scarecrow of Rumney Marsh , Batman , Zorro , Indiana Jones , and the Green Hornet and then tried to combine all the plots and make a book.This is my introduction to Higgins and I understand that some of his other titles are more superior . I do not know what he was thinking when he wrote this one though .
 I was very disappointed in this book , as the story seemed stolen from a Disney movie -LRB- `` Zorro '' or `` Scarecrow '' -RRB- . It was rushed at best and made no attempt to explore the history of the English occupation of Ireland . Nor did it deal at all with the Finnians in North America -LRB- their attempt to invade and capture Canada , and negotiate with England for its exchange for Ireland -RRB- . I only noted one interesting fact , and that was that an acre of land planted with potatoes can feed many more people than if planted with wheat . If a potential reader is a fan of Sean Dillon , he/she may better spend their time elsewhere .
 Take another stereotypical Confederate gentleman soldier , honorable to the point of ridiculousness , his black valet who is treated with respect and affection and you have just one more bit of unbelievable historical adventure . Higgins takes this hoary old convention and moves it to Ireland where our hero finds himself taking the side of the Irish versus their English oppressors . From the predictable culture clashes to the even more hilarious `` masked rider '' bit , -LRB- Zorro , anyone , or perhaps Dr. Syn , The Scarecrow -RRB- this book moves briskly from one clich&eacute; to another . Higgins has written some fine thrillers , but this is almost their exact opposite .
 I was very disappointed in this book -- unlike most of the Higgins ' novels , it read like a cheesy romance paperback . The hero arrives in rural Ireland , where everyone knows everyone else 's business , and becomes a Zorro-like secret hero . Really , now , how gullible do you think we are ? No one puts two and two together , when Clay 's -LRB- famous blood line -RRB- horse is part of the action ?
 After reading the back cover I thought this soundd like a good read . I 'm a fan of Clive Cussler and this sounded like it as in the same vein . After the first 30 pages I realized that this guy ca n't write anything that comes close to Clive Cussler . I like my novels long and heavy on detail in both the history and the action . This deliverd on neither . The Historical backgourd for the prologue and within the body of the story itself pales in comparison to Cussler . The action sequences were not all that well written either and the dialogue felt stiff and forced . I may borrow another one of Higgins ' novels from my Grandfather-in-law who gave me this one and give him another chance but I 'm not going to hold my breath.If you are a fan of Cussler I strongly recommend skipping this book . If you are looking for a fast read without a whole lot of background to get bogged down in then this is for you .
 I 've enjoyed several of Robin Cooks ' previous medical thrillers , but Marker is a medical yawn . The dialogue is ridiculous and almost embarrassing to read . The plot is even worse and everything about it is entirely predictable.Cook , for example , gives a coy leadup to an important development in the life of the protagonist . Or I guess he probably thought it was coy , but the development is entirely obvious from the beginning . And when a character -LRB- a trained medical professional , presumably -RRB- develops sharp abdominal pains in the `` lower right quadrant '' I immediately thought `` ectopic pregancy , '' and I 'm just a computer programmer.At the climax , a character falls victim to the Bad Guys although this character does n't fit the profile of the other victims -- and this profile is central to the plot 's development . The whole premise underlying the story falls way beyond my ability to suspend disbelief for the novel -- there simply is no way to predict the costs that can be recovered by eliminating the risks , because the risks still ca n't be measured in spite of what Cook attempts to explain . I do n't doubt there can be evil actuaries involved in health care , but I do n't see how they can gain with the methods described in Marker .
 I picked this book up because it was a guaranteed read . I figured that if the publisher was going to guarantee it , it must be good . They were wrong !! It was too long & too predictable . If you 've read all or most of Robin Cook 's novels as I have , you 'll know what I mean . He has written too many novels where the managed care , insurance companies , or else the pharmaceutical companies are the bad guys . It 's time for some new subject matter . I also had a hard time believing that a medical examiner could figure out that there was a serial killer on the loose after only doing two victim 's autopsies and seeing that there was a pattern . I love the early Robin Cook novels , and everytime a new one comes out I buy it hoping that his writing has gotten back to like it used to be , and then I 'm disappointed that it 's not . Maybe in the future I need to just save my money .
 Here 's a snippet of dialog from the African-American Warren character , who is `` a powerfully built , gifted athlete as well as the de facto leader of the local gang . '' -LRB- p 91 -RRB- The main character asked who might be expected to show up for a neighborhood basketball game . Warren replied : `` We got rained out last night , so thewhole gang is going to show up . So getyour kicks and get that white XXX ofyours out here on the double . Otherwise , you 'll be standing around holding yourXXXX . Catch my drift ? '' `` Get your kicks '' ? `` On the double '' ? `` Catch my drift '' ? `` The gang '' ? Is this Happy Days or McHale 's Navy ? The Jack character answers that in the next line ; `` Jack flashed back a thumbs-up . ''
 Terrible , terrible book . Awful writing ; stilted dialogue , descriptions that emphasize absurd unneccesary details . As another reviewer said , if you notice the writing you know it 's bad . So many examples to choose from ... '' ` That one , ' he said , using his index finger to point to the item in question . '' -LRB- that 's a paraphrase ; as I 'm listening to the audiobook , I do n't have the text . -RRB- Using his index finger ? As opposed to what , his knee ? Who cares ? Or a description of a detective putting on his tie by putting the loop on over his head , since `` he had n't untied it before when he undressed . '' No point , has nothing to do with anything , goes nowhere , just breaks the -LRB- not very smooth anyway -RRB- flow of the story . Or characters saying `` My word ! '' Do you know anyone who says that ?? There 's more than one in this book . These are minor examples , but are characteristic of the awful , amateurish writing . And since Robin Cook is anything but an amateur , surprising ! The audio version is read by George Guidall ; I know that he is a popular reader , but not with me . He makes the characters even more unbelievable than they would be anyway , and often sounds rather condescending . Particularly the way he reads women 's voices , with a kind of simper . Predictable but unbelievable story , badly written , badly read .
 This book was very predictable if you have read Coma . Nothing new . I can not imagine how the heroes did not suspect Potassium in the deaths.What medical examiners office would not notice a pattern in so many deaths?What physician would ignore the classic signs of ectopic pregnancy?How stupid did the Hero have to be to leave the Heroine alone in a suspect murder hospital?I know people need to make these decisions so an actual story can exist but please do not insult your readers this way.Sometimes I like it when an author lets me figure out who did it way before the Hero figures it out but this time it was too predictable and 300 pages too long .
 Once upon a time , I was a HUGE fan of Cook 's medical thrillers . But how thrilling can a book be when 50 pages in you can figure out every detail of who dunnit and why ? The characterizations in this story are ultra-thin stereotypes as well . Formula writing does n't work . Mr. Cook needs to take a breather and write something completely different , as have James Patterson and John Grisham . Heck ... * I * could have written this book , it 's so predictable !
 Well , I 'm off of Cook permanently I think . I adored his earlier books-Coma was a benchmark for medical thrillers . But I ca n't possibly imagine anyone talking as his characters -LRB- Jack , Laurie and all the rest -RRB- do . His characters , while likable , are totally one dimensional . It falls into the thriller category only because we knew who the murder was , but not sure of how the individual would be caught . Otherwise I 'd just consider it dull .
 `` Marker '' is the first Robin Cook I 've ever read and I must say I was sadly disappointed . For a medical `` thriller '' this book was almost devoid of any suspense.The book is almost 500 pages long , but by page 60 I had already worked out the entire plot , except for a few minor uninteresting details.As soon as the reader is told that the main protaganist has a certain `` marker '' and you realise that young , otherwise healthy people are dying under a new healthcare programme , it does n't take a genius to figure out the plot.I was hoping against hope that there was some sort of twist towards the end , sadly it never came.Add to that some very one-dimensional characters who take forever to spring into action , stilted dialogue and a strangely dated feel , and `` Marker '' becomes a very tedious read.And one more thing , did we have to be told about Laurie Stapledon 's issues with male authority figures every 3 pages ?
 The author is pushing Hillarycare -LRB- government controlled health care -RRB- solution . He absolutely makes no sense . Here are the reasons
 I picked this book up because the cover claimed that this author was `` the master of the medical thriller . '' He may have been the master at one time but this is CLEARLY no longer the case.I am a board-certified genetic counselor and have seen hundreds of patients for cancer risk counseling and testing . Dr. Cook 's portrayal of this process in this book is horribly inaccurate and patronizing to boot . He makes no mention of genetic counseling and his portrayal of the process of counseling and testing is inaccurate as is his description of the lab test -LRB- no one uses a microarray or SNPs for BRCA testing -RRB- . When I find obvious mistakes in a book , I always wonder what other inaccuracies the book contains.In addition to the inaccuracies , this book is simply too long . The editor could easily have chopped off one hundred pages . I would suggest that they start chopping the seriously ridiculous dialogue ! THe characters are trite and self-absorbed and some of the subplotting is absurd -LRB- a medical doctor abdominal pain would n't think of an ectopic pregnancy ?!? -RRB- . All in all , I found this book a huge disappointment and wo n't be buying any other books by this author .
 I was really excited when I picked up this book , as I 've enjoyed his books in the past , and really like medical thrillers . The sheer heft of it also did n't dissuade me , as you can read just about any length if it keeps your interest -LRB- the new Harry Potter at 600 + pages is a good example -RRB- . However , I was 4 or 5 chapters into it -LRB- the Robin Cook , not Harry Potter -RRB- , and kept telling myself , `` It 's got to pick up '' . When it did n't , I skipped to the end , hoping to entice myself into keep reading . No such luck.Maybe when I finish the book I 'm currently reading & ca n't put down , I 'll try this one again . It 's just kinda unfortunate to take up time with one that 's not `` stay-up-until-all-hours-of-the-night '' good when there are so many out there , including many of his previous books , that are .
 Darn , it felt like it never got off the ground and predictable characters with little or no surprise . It just seemed to go on and on and on and well , I put it up . The intertwining forensic info was great-but it just seemed to go on and on and on . You can skip this one .
 I like the main character Laurie and I can empathize with her . I was thrown out of the story repeatedly though because of Dr. Cook 's misinformation regarding fertility . Google fertility statistics for 43 year olds to see how improbable it is to conceive at this age without the help of fertility treatments and donor eggs . SPOILER ALERT
 Why every book he wrote has to be with a Medicare problem ? Maybe RC had some problems with them and stopped practicing and started writing . But reading too many books with Medicare problems is boring . Mind that I had read all of his books .
 This was a pretty slow read ~ maybe it failed to hold my attention because the essentials of the plot have already been used as a story line by other writers . There were also just too many words that did little beyond fill space ... tighter writing and editing would have improved the punch .
 Complacent with the wealth engendered by his early and generally good novels , Robin Cook has contented himself with turning out some real duds . This one fits the pattern of his last dozen or so stories and is a most careless and tiresome effort . One has the impression that Dr. Cook simply started typing aimlessly and continued until an idea ocurred to him . Indeed , it takes nearly a hundred pages for something resembling a plot to emerge . However , the faint flicker of a story line is quickly extinguised by plodding prose , banal , ridiculous dialogue and largely irrelevant action which speeds along at a glacial pace culminating in a childishly predictable conclusion.This novel is not worth the effort it takes to lift it .
 I usually like a book to start out with something that makes me want to turn the page ... to continue reading . This book almost gets your interest , but is just too easy to put down . So if you like a thrilling read , turn to The Innocent by Harlan Coben , and put this book down .
 I would 've asked for a refund , if that had been the case.I 've read a couple of Cook 's works before , and I enjoyed them enough to trust that I 'd have a good time when I picked up Marker . Unfortunately , between now and the last time I read something of his , he 'd apparently been crippled of his ability to write a page worth reading.I read this book from cover to cover , and the long and insipid ride from front to back was one filled with redundancy , tedium , a dearth of emotionally-gripping scenes , a predictable plot line , and , most annoying of all , having characterization shoved into my face and up my nose every other paragraph , to the point that I 'll probably be sneezing poorly-written , tell-don ` t-show prose for about a month after having finished the bloody thing.Cook has the amazing power to repeat characterization information about a page after you 'd already read it , to the point where it 's just a daisy-chain of redundancy that drills soullesslly into your skull . I 've read a lot of books , and this happens to be the only one that I can say I actively despise.The plot was dragging , the characters were paper-thin , and the plot twist ? Predictable . I got the whole thing pieced out by page three hundred , and was rolling my eyes and bitter satisfaction when it was so thoroughly confirmed in the last five or six pages -LRB- which is another point of contention
 -LSB- CAUTION -- arguably a spoiler in this review -RSB- This could have been a really enjoyable book , but instead it was maddening to me . Why would an author title the book `` Marker '' and then not expect the readers to figure out from first chapter that the mysterious deaths were because of markers ?? This entirely ruined the aura of mystery to me and made the book frustrating to read . And , as if we 're not already unable to put one and one together , the author also begins the very first page with a description of the fertilization of the egg of the heroine , and then drags out her `` revelation '' to herself and the readers that she ... hold on to your hats ... is pregnant ! Who would have guessed ! I do n't get it . Why would the author pretend to hold out events in this book as mysteries to be solved when he tells the reader right out front what 's going on?Had this not ruined the book for me , it would have gotten 4 stars .
 I 've read all of Robin Cook 's books over the years . Each new novel gets more and more tedious and difficult to make my way through . Too much descriptive prose , not enough action . Dr. Cook has lost his way and his cutting-edge talent.I stopped reading this one after the first hundred pages . What a waste of time and effort !
 I have to say I was excited when I found this book in the library , Dr. Cook had fallen off my reading radar and this on-going series of medical examiners Laurie Montgomery and Jack Stapleton were my favorite of the author 's works.Needless to say , I was disappointed in this novel . The plot was too predictable and the characters and villians one dimensional .
 I 've read all of Robin Cook 's books and usually enjoy them but this one drug on for FOREVER . I just wanted to get to the end to confirm what I already knew halfway through the book . It seems like he layed out all of the information that would keep you interested pretty early on . The he must have just kept writing and relized 200 pages later that the story had ended some time ago so he writes a lame ending and calls it a day . The most excitement happens in the last 10 pages . This book was a big dissapointment .
 I am a Robin Cook fan and own all of his books in hard cover . But this last book may turn me away for good.I agree with other reviewers that the book was way too long and it was hard to slug through it to the end . But what bothers me the most was the terrible dialog between the characters . I do n't know where he lives but in my 50 years I have never heard people actually talk to each other in such an unrealistic way . I think that even Shakespeare would have thought the dialog to be pretentious and unbelievable.I 'm sorry Dr. Cook but I think you need to listen to REAL people converse before you publish your next book .
 Other reviewers have noted the frequent editing mistakes and unnecessary length of Marker , both of which are very valid concerns about this book . But the most disappointing aspect of Cook 's latest is that the book was a protracted political statement about genomics , managed care and nursing shortages . It 's fine , even encouraged , for a novel to touch on political and social issues of our time , but not in such a transparent and predictable way , just like Clancy 's and Crichton 's latest novels . Cook even thought to add an author 's note explaining his views on genomics and managed care , just like Crichton did about global warming in `` State of Fear '' . You could tell about 100 pages into the book who was going to end up facing the killer , how they would end up in the situation , who would save the day , and that everyone would end up living happily ever after . Hardly a thriller in the spirit of his earlier novels in that you could see where he was going from the start , yet you had to endure an extra 100-200 pages of character-building romance writing to make us feel for Jack and Laurie . And the discovery of who was ultimately behind the killings was far-fetched and poorly explained .
 Not quite sure how so many positive reviews came about for this book . It took me about two weeks to slug through this snooze-fest ! With the title called Marker anyone who could n't figure out that the plot was going to be based on something found in genetics and that somehow insurance companies were going to turn around and use this against us must be asleep at the wheel . How could anyone say this book had any suspense ??? I could have easily read Robin Cooks commentary at the end to figure out the entire plot . He basically wrote a 500 page cure for insomniacs.Needless to say this is one author I have officially given up on .
 I 've enjoyed quite a few of Cook 's novels , but primarily his earlier works , which were tight , inventive , and original medical thrillers . None of those adjectives define this book.First of all , the mechanism which drives the final plot twists is so very easy to figure out very , very early in the book , with about thirty seconds of thought . So , there 's no surprising denoument in the end.This story is 538 pages in the hardcover edition -LRB- not including his Afterword -RRB- . Easily a hundred of these pages , and probably more , should have been edited out of this book . I found myself skimming pages at a time as I was looking for the story to pick back up again after wading through the interminable -LRB- and boring -RRB- angst of the two lead characters plumbing their relationship in excruciatingly mind-numbing and repetitive detail.And every plot twist is depicted repetitively as each of three or four characters try to deduce the nature of the goings-on at a hospital stalked by a serial killer.In all honesty , I was barely able to finish this book . It was more out of curiousity about whether I 'd correctly predicted the ending - which I had . It 's almost literally a no-brainer . I simply ca n't recommend this one .
 I have n't read a Robin Cook novel for some time , although I did enjoy many of his early works . Marker disappointed me.Good writers show you their characters -- like peeling an onion . Cook cheats by telling you . For example , rather than show you a character 's cynicism through actions or dialogue , Cook will simply say , `` Mary was always cynical . '' Great . So interesting.In addition to lack of characterization , the dialogue is stilted . Cook too often refuses to use contractions . Thus , `` I 'll '' comes out `` I will . '' And his characters simply do n't talk like normal humans . My view on dialogue is that , if you stop to notice it , it 's probably bad . And his is.The plot is okay . However , managed care as bad guys has been done -LRB- by him -RRB- over & over . It would be refreshing to see a book that looks at both sides of the health care cost dilemma rather than always demonizing one side.The book is n't a total wash -- it was enjoyable in spurts . However , overall , it was too long , not very well written , and entirely predictable . Get it at the library or a rummage sale -- do n't pay full price .
 This novel is ... unfortunate . It 's not just that it has the exact same plot as every second Robin Cook novel that precedes it . It 's just that : -LRB- 1 -RRB- It 's at least 100 pages longer than it needs to be . Arguably 200 . I gave up around page 250 and skimmed the rest , encountering no surprises . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The dialogue is atrocious . -LRB- 3 -RRB- The murder weapon , which is revealed early on to be the same substance that is used to stop hearts in state-sanctioned lethal injections , would in real life have been considered immediately by any medical examiner worth her , um , salt , once she were as convinced as our heroine that things just did n't add up.Cook 's concerns are socially relevant , to be sure , but he simply is n't a good enough writer to drive the point home .
 I remember Robin Cook from the good old days of his early novels . I have to wonder if he even wrote this book ! It reads like something a 12 year old child would write ; the plot is ridiculous , the characters wooden , cliches are everywhere . There is absolutely no hint of a `` medical thriller '' if you ask me . I 'd stay clear of this book ... I can not stop wondering ` where is the REAL Robin Cook !?!? '
 Picked up an old copy during a hurricane power failure . The power was n't the only thing that failed . Clumsy exposition , unbelievable dialog and characters that simply do not ring true . Next blackout , I look for a deck of cards .
 Although Cook writes well enough to get you caught up in the story , Marker should have been a novella . The narrative is extended with irrelevent verbal confrontations , petty arguments and an unbelievable amount of medical jargon . Where was the editor ?
 I 've been reading Robin Cook 's novels for quite a few years , beginning in the 1980s when I was attending college . I guess as I 've grown , my tastes have matured a bit , but I hope that has n't made me into a snob . I enjoy pulp fiction as much as the next guy . I do n't ask for much
 This book could have been a really good book if it stuck to it 's premise of being a bio terrorism thriller . The science behind the virus and the way it was deployed was great . Then there are WAY too many subplots . Did we really need about twenty pages dedicated to the psych of a divorced child ? We know more about how the kid hates her parents than what happens on the ground once the virus is released . I wanted to know what was happening to the people stuck in Manhattan . Nothing but a passing mention . I want to know how Florida is breaking down . I want to know what the state government is doing . I want a death toll . I want more about the riots . Instead way too many subplots . More time spent on a loading dock in Montana than where the virus breaks out . I want to know how the world is dealing with a global suspension of air traffic . Instead the teenage daughter of divorce is mad . Really mad . Loves the power she has to make her mother mad . Ugh ... Such a disappointment . A complete waste.Even though the author takes this book where it should n't have gone I would seriously check out a future novel .
 Not a bad book , just not what I was expecting given the other reviews . I was hopeing for less action and more insight into the `` killer virus '' . Could have used a more medical twist .
 Talk about information overload . . this book could have been half its length . The plot is great ; people start experiencing flu-like symptoms but unlike the flu they convulse , bleed out and die . Beck Casey , the central character , is called on by the President to help deal with the unprecedented emergency . The virus , much like the Spanish Flu , has hit Florida and Moscow . Russian President Putin orders the gassing of people in his affected area . The death toll will be in the hundreds of thousands . I read so many positive reviews for this book so I was pretty disappointed when I read it .
 The book 's premise , while interesting , failed to come to fruition . There were too many contradictions , too many characters and subplots that were introduced and then never seemed to go anywhere ; they disappeared or were simply explained away by some glib twist . The ending was incredibly pat ... sort of in the order of , `` Wow , how amazing . The situation is magically resolved , and Beck is once again a hero . '' The writing style was sophomoric , the dialogue stilted , and the structure disorganized . I found it to be an unsatisfying waster of time .
 I am a medical thriller fiend . This is the worst book I 've ever read . What a complete waste of time and money . Very poor writing . Not an attention grabber by any stretch of the imagination .
 Final EpidemicWarning-detailed and book ending information belowFinal Epidemic involves an uninspired plot in which long dead Spanish flu victims are dug up in Siberia and a lung sample taken to make a genetically altered Spanish flu for bio-terrorist purposes . A Japanese cult , Aum , which released the Tokyo subway nerve gas released this altered flu in Ft Walton Beach Florida and Russia and later their surrogate releases it in New York City to `` trigger a worldwide religious uprising '' . How this altered Spanish Flu would lead to a religious uprising was never explained . And why start with Florida and Russia when there are larger more concentrated world population centers was never explained either . Predictably , the Aum recruits clich&eacute;d unintelligent hillbilly American militia members named Cappie , Orin and Dickee with girlfriends named Lubella to help them.Predictably , Florida is quarantined and predictably 2 teens escape one of who is the daughter of a U.S. Center of Disease Control official named Beck who is a not a medical doctor but has a doctorate in history/sociology . Inexplicably , this fake doctor Beck is the lead character tracking the virus/bio terrorists . Beck was once tortured and has sympathy for anyone being tortured by a clich&eacute;d Russian spy who is running around Russia and the U.S. torturing/killing bio-terrorists for information on this virus . His antics are sanctioned by both the U.S. and Russia and he is allowed to return to Russia when the medical crisis is over.The president has 3 choices :1 -RRB- Release of a VIX close cousin flu developed by the U.S. years earlier that triggers an immune response against the bioterrorist Spanish flu and will stop the spread because VIX infected people can not get the altered Spanish and VIX will help those already infected . However , VIX kills around 5 % of the population -LRB- three hundred million people -RRB- due to compromised immune system such as the very sick , very young and very old .2 -RRB- Release a newly found vaccine that can not help those already infected but will prevent infections . However , it still kills about thirty million people because the same risks apply to immune compromised populations and allows the already infected to die .3 -RRB- Release bothA predictably clich&eacute;d U.S. president hypocritically wrings his hands in horror at the thought his U.S. government tinkered with the Spanish Flu years earlier to even have the VIX in stockpile to release and yet he condones a Russian spy torturing/killing U.S. citizens and non citizens alike.Even more lackluster is that Beck goes back to his wearisome ex wife and perfect daughter and the sequel will be them getting another divorce . YAWN !
 I enjoy Suzanne Forster 's books but each time I read one , especially like Angel Face , I wish she put a little more into them . Her plot -LRB- s -RRB- seem to be solid , such as Angel Face 's was . Serial killer in doubt ; a single gorgeous rich doctor tracks her down in Mexico out of intrigue . OK I could buy the plot , but I just feel as if the writing does n't get beneath the surface of the plot to make me believe in it . I mean I totally thought Angela Lowe was off her rocker when she had Jordon all tied up and was `` torturing '' him . I mean you look at that , and some books make you believe that even the impossible can come true , but it seemed too much like a male fantasy and not what a skittish , amnesiac female would do . And what was with the fruit juice ??? I just could n't buy that Jordon could love Angela , maybe lust after her body , but not love her -- she seemed like such a nut case and most people make wide leeway for crazy people , especially hunky single doctors -LRB- the saw-bones ones anyway -RRB- . I thought Blush had excellent potential but even that did not live up to the expectation that I thought it could have ... but then Suzanne is a published author and I am not.I like Suzanne Forster , I just wish she had more ink on the paper . I hope to read something excellent from her soon and recount my beliefs on her stories .
 I have enjoyed Suzanne Forster 's books in the past , so I was thrilled to see this in the store . However , it 's convoluted plot was so unbelievable that I had trouble turning the pages . The whole Mexico scenario was absurd . This book has made me place Ms. Forster 's future novels on my `` checkout from the library '' list - rather than buying her products from the store . Save your money !
 This is my first and last book by Suzanne Forster . Had heard good things about past books and thought that I would give this one a try.Bizarre characterizations and an absurdly convuluted plot made this book painful to read . It just kept getting worse!If I could give zero stars , I would .
 An embarrassing misfire from Suzanne Forster who gave us sexually-charged read like her Blush and Innocence . ANGEL FACE as her latest work involves Dr. Jordan Carpenter who gets entangled with a killer Angel Face . He is informed by CIA agent Edwin Truitt that he is deemed the next target by the lust murderer who has slained off other doctors . She is rumoured to be disturbed from her abused past and entices her prey with her innocence . Angela Lowe works at SmartTech a researching company who specializes in its invention of a system that taps into the mind of violent serial killer . Haunted by fragments of her pasts , she decides to piece them out through Jordan who is cautious of her begiling identity as Angel Face ... ANGEL FACE lacks the credibility to fuel its suspense . Her knowledge of clinical psychology explodes and bombards the reader , taking him to several unnecessary plot twists . Though erotically titillating at times with the jungle scene between Jordan and Angela , the plot tends to be confusing and ends up in a sputtering mess even to the point when the explanation is done . As such the reader is busy figuring out the plot rather than focusing his attention on Jordan and Angela.It tries to be avant-garde but the contrived twists make ANGEL FACE confusing and absurd to even consider this read angelic . Forster 's penchance for building erotic tension is thus a wasted effort here to bolster the romance . ANGEL FACE could have been so much more .
 Do n't bother reading this book . I thought it was a waste of time . Had lots of potential , but ended up being a terrible read . It appears that Forster wanted to throw her readers off in terms of figuring out who the serial killer was , but ended up just completely ruining the development of her characters . Very confusing . Plotline consisted of a couple main events haphardzardly thrown together . Ending seemed abrupt and definitely not expected , in a bad way . This novel needs some serious revisions .
 Richard Clarke , former White House counter-terrorism official , has produced an interesting novel . He has taken some of the sobering subtexts of current Middle Eastern politics , moved them a few geopolitical steps into the future , and stirred the mix to provide a chilling view of how we might find ourselves on the brink of world war a few years hence . Historical momentum aside , the course of Clarke 's future is determined through individual acts of heroism , and for that his readers can breathe a sigh of relief.The monarchs have been deposed in Saudi Arabia , and it now is an unstable Islamic republic . American presence and influence in the region is limited to a few of the small Gulf states . China has emerged as a major purchaser of oil from the region , and a military ally of the new regime . Iran , with a nuclear arsenal , threatens to play the spoiler with imperial ambitions . American policy is determined by a Defense Secretary who wants to reestablish America 's pipeline to Saudi oil by reinstalling the deposed regime . He is willing to go to extreme - and criminal -- lengths to accomplish this objective , supported by a President who thinks he 's doing a heckuva job . So much for the bad guys . The heroes of the story are intelligence analysts , on-the-ground spies , military officers upholding the Constitution , journalists , and former terrorists who grasp the true potential of nation-building . The reader has much to think about and reflect upon as the story grinds forward.The mix is part LeCarre , part Tom Clancy , and part Ian Fleming . Unfortunately , the parts do n't mesh . More unfortunately , Clarke is not a very good writer . As a consequence this ends up being a not very good book . It is disjointed and uneven in texture , which bespeaks the inexperience of its author and the rush to market of its editors . Much of Clarke 's vision may well come true , but if it does the facts will no doubt make for a far more interesting tale than the fiction that presaged it .
 Clarke , Richard , Scorpion 's Gate . 2005This novel is part of a contemporary wave of fiction attempted to be written by real world public figures . Clarke was head of Counter-terrorism under Presidents Clinton and Bush II until he was fired for being pessimistic about the U.S. adventure in Iraq . His novel , cast ten years in the future , posits a post-revolutionary Saudi Arabia fencing with the mullahs of Iran and calling upon China for nuclear assistance . It 's really all about oil . The point appears to be that a corrupt Secretary of Defense -LRB- Rumsfeld 10 years from now -RRB- tries to make the new Arabian state , Ismalya , the scapegoat for all the nefarious activities of this country and the other two . Unfortunately , Clarke is no fiction writer . His prose is laden with Code letters and symbols , unexplained , and his chapters all end with a bang -- as though written by a student from a writers ' program or a TV show pilot . His characters are Tom Cruise types -- tough and one-dimensional . I got lost midway through the thick plotting but plodded through to the end , only to see if the Rumsfeld-type got his comeuppance . It was n't worth the wait .
 The Scorpion 's Gate is an exercise in polemics . Richard Clarke 's latest book presents a series of contrived scenarios as the vehicle to convey his frustrations , fears , misgivings and opions about the way government works and does not on a global scale . While the plot lines are reasonably charted , the scenarios they describe are simply not believable . Ludlum and Carre ` need not lose any sleep worrying about Clarke as a competitor.After working in Nixon 's White House , participating in Pentagon briefings and war gaming exercises , lobbying in Congress and writing speeches for Senators and Congressmen , I find the scenarios he depicts and dialogue he presents to be both contrived and stilted . None of the people I ever met while in government service conversed in the way he has suggested.The most disappointing thing about Clarke 's book is that this golden opportunity to examine what is really likely has been squandered in exchange for a collection of scenarios that sacrifice credibility for hyperbole . While the action sequences are carefully crafted to comport with consumer expectations in the typical Hollywood action-adventure mode , the premises that spawn them are not believable . Had the novel been constructed around a series of more credible events , it would have both informed and entertained us in a far more satisfying way.As it is , all Clarke has accomplished by the writing and publing of this book is to perpetuate the didactic Neo-conservative warning that we should all `` Be Afraid ! Be Very Afraid ! '' It would have been useful to have been supplied with a clear understanding of what it is we are really supposed to be afraid of so we can take reasonable steps to do something meaningful about it.As an action-adventure book , this piece of work provides a kind of mindless entertainment that ought to appeal to those who are content to read such things without the need for critical analysis . I was disappointed that Clarke did not rise to the occasion by sharing what he really knows in a way that really talks . In my way of thinking , that 's not just fiction , that 's a fundamental failure of nerve .
 Nobody can challenge Richard Clarke 's terrorism and mid-East expertise - however , `` The Scorpion 's Gate '' does him a disservice . It is difficult to follow , sometimes just spiteful -LRB- eg . taking a brief dig at opponents of Global Warming -RRB- and eventually boring . However it does raise some alarming plausible future scenaries.These include a coup-d-tat in Saudi Arabia , top American political leaders under Saudi financial influence , strong Chinese interest in the middle-East -LRB- as well as their becoming a strong naval power , and moving to establish a nuclear force in the former Saudi territory -RRB- , Iran getting `` the bomb '' and striving to become a controlling factor throughout the region , Iraq largely following Iran 's lead , and terrorism -LRB- sponsored by Iran or disgruntled Iraqis -RRB- against the U.S. Navy using a very large pirated CNG tanker.Please , Mr. Clarke - go back to non-fiction !
 Richard Clarke does not write good fiction . No matter how interesting his premise , I just could n't get over his wooden writing style . His characters are lifeless , and never engage the reader . He also has a tin ear for dialogue , which is sometimes so bad if made my stomach lurch.The last straw was an obvious typo
 So much detail , so many acronyms , too much technical detail and rhetoric , not much action.Bill Kurry
 While the overall scenario could be imagined , Mr Clark fails at plotting either the characters nor the story the way a Clancy or a Forsyth would , the only purpose it serves is to become more afraid of American politics
 I have read Mr. Clarke 's prior non-fiction works and I was impressed . I jumped in with great anticipation when I saw this book released . Regrettably , it is not up to expectations.The Saudi government is overthrown . A progressive faction within the revolutionaries gains control of the security services and armed forces . They want to insure equality for all - men and women , free and fair elections , and a government by law . However , the bad guys are out there . The Iranians are planning an invasion , the Chinese are planning an invasion , the US Secretary of Defense is planning a huge training exercise which is the cover for an invasion . A US Intel bureaucrat and a British station chief get the info that these things are going on . Everything goes right for our heroes . Everything goes wrong for the bad guys . The planned invasions by all three nations fail or are called off . That is the book in a nutshell.The only level at which this book works is as an allegorical expos&eacute; of the US invasion of Iraq . A megalomaniac Secretary of Defense and his Under Secretary henchman plan to invade an Islamic state - even in the face of evidence that an invasion is not warranted . Sound familiar ?
 There is so much wrong with this book it is hard to know where to begin . The only people who would like this book are those who would like it 's anti-American political statements . There is NO CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT whatsoever , there are too many characters to keep them straight , and the prose is about third-grade level . I did n't care about any of the characters . This book is n't even close to the quality of a Clancy novel . The plotting is so dull , it is difficult to sustain one 's attention on the story -LRB- you 'll find yourself thinking about tomorrow 's tasks , today 's problems ... anything but the story -RRB- . I ca n't believe I finished the thing . What a waste of time .
 I must say I expected more than this self-serving fantasy wherein the protagonist -LRB- a persecuted and thinly disguised idealized view of the author -RRB- pursues the truth that democracy is suddenly blooming in Suadi Arabia while the rest of the U.S. Government gets it all wrong . A waste of time .
 As Patrick Clawson observed , no one has ever accused Clarke of being lacking in the ego department . He became a key player in both the Clinton and Bush White Houses precisely because he was so hard-charging -- a real make-it-happen kind of guy . Since leaving office in 2003 , he has hardly been shy about criticizing the Bush administration for not paying enough attention to the counterterrorism issues on which he worked . So when one picks up his novel about horrific setbacks for the United States in the Middle East , the natural assumption is that his barely hidden agenda will be to blast the Bush team for leaving America vulnerable to catastrophic terrorism.Perhaps that was his intention , but in fact when Clarke had to paint how things could go to hell for U.S. interests in the Middle East , he came up with a story in which shadowy Al-Qaeda-like terrorists play a distinctly faint second fiddle to the classic problems of evil states , especially to meddling outside powers . Indeed , at every twist in the plot , the new dangers that loom come from governments , not from networks of individuals . Ideological fanatics abound in The Scorpion 's Gate , but they do not pose any great threat to U.S. interests until they have a state behind them . That is an intriguing development from someone who has criticized recent administrations for not understanding that in the new globalized world , with its instant communications and easy travel , loosely associated small groups can pose as deadly a threat as any great power.Clarke 's story is a good read for those who enjoy the action genre with colorfully painted characters . He puts to good use his intimate knowledge of life inside the circles of power . Yet even in these details , he displays all the usual attitudes of recent U.S. governments . The Saudis , for all their dislike of America 's ways , prove in the end to be strong geopolitical partners with the United States -- and this despite the overthrow of the House of Saud by religious radicals . The Iranians are evil conspirators who weave intricate webs to trap America . Of course , the British are clever and brave , coming to America 's rescue . Perhaps most surprisingly , the actors are defined by their visions of their respective national interests more than by trans-national ideology.In all , The Scorpion 's Gate has more in common with Cold War suspense fiction than with religiously motivated adventure stories such as the rapture series or Muslim anti-Western thrillers . Perhaps his years in the corridors of power have made Clarke realize how much more dangerous are those with a state behind them .
 I was expecting too much when I got this book since it was authored by Richard Clarke . He is a newbie story teller . His writing is not suited to tell stories . It is more like a status report . I found that the story lacked depth and did not really have any interesting plot . The point Mr. Clarke stresses in this book is that America is the bad guy .
 This book is without a serious plot line . It is filled with undeveloped characters and has no drama whatsoever . It is simply a one-note political viewpoint disguised as a novel Was not worth the time and definitely not the money .
 Clarke opens this book stating that he hopes it will , `` cause readers to think . '' In reality this book is nothing more than an anti-US diatribe wrapped around fictional schlock . Here the US is the bad guy , and the Arabs are the good guys who only want democracy . Clarke conveniently forgets that every terrorist on 9-11 was Arab . He also ignores the basic structure of US government in composing this fantasy.Clarke must be very bitter after losing his position in the US government where he was the failed National Coordinator for Security and Counter-terrorism . This book is the result of that bitterness . Pure pap .
 So this is the prediction of the near future Middle East the sage of the 9/11 commission brings us ? Rest Assured , none of it will actually happen.Be equally assured to see the author on Al-PBS , AL-MSNBC , Al-CBS or Al-jizera anytime there is a mild dust up in the Royal Kingdom.The book was just so much self serving slop . Read it for a laugh if nothing else .
 The premise is interesting , but if you care about a good `` read '' this book is n't for you . It is just BAD , BAD , BAD writing . This book got published ONLY because Mr. Clarke is a well-recognized figure and the publishers figured they could make a quick buck . It 's just amazing so many basic writing problems and amateurish mistakes got by an editor . No self-respecting literary agent would have taken it on otherwise . There 's lots of interesting and authentic `` insider '' government lingo , but almost no narrative tension and not a single memorable turn of phrase in the entire book . The characters are cardboard cutouts , and you wo n't care about any of them . At best , it is written at a sixth-grade level . A few examples
 I avoided the Pink Carnation for a long time because it was a `` popular '' book , and my preferences rarely run with the crowd . Still , people assure me that popular books are popular for a reason , and so I picked it up and mostly enjoyed it.This book was a watered down version of the Pink Carnation story , and I regret that I wasted my time actually finishing it . The main characters are both cartoonish and ridiculous , and I felt as if I were being dragged through a fluffy romance novel with no semblance of a plot whatsoever . By the end of the book I was sticking with it just for the hope of a decent sex scene , but even that was ruined by the totally out of character behavior of our proper English girl , who brazenly encouraged behavior that , while normal in our times , would have been somewhat deviant back then.The book was fluffy , the spy intrigue was an afterthought , and the sex was out of character and boring to boot . Skip this one , or borrow it if you must , but do n't waste your money .
 If you have trouble sleeping you may become fond of this book . Instead of taking a sleeping pill , keep it handy on the night table . Read two or three pages , four or five at most ; your eyelids will get heavy - and it 's time to turn out the light and fall asleep .
 This is the first of the Eloise Kelly books I 've read , and it was a complete waste of time . I picked the book up from the library , expecting a historical mystery with spies battling their wits . Instead , I got a third-rate romance full of clich&eacute;.Almost all of the plot devices have been used and reused in hundreds if not thousands of other romance stories that I found myself frequently rolling my eyes as I flipped through the pages . The characters , both the main ones and the supporting ones , are shallow and immature . For the present-day couple , Eloise is utterly pathetic as she fantasizes and drools over Colin , a man who in all appearances dislikes her . Does the woman have any self-respect ? How many stories have there been where a couple initially hate each other but eventually fall in love ? For the historical couple , Henrietta borders on being irritating and obnoxious while Miles often behaves like a fool . Again , how many stories have there been where a couple in fact love each other but mistakenly believe that the other person does not return the affection?The spy part of the book is laughable , as if it was thrown in as an afterthought . The so-called `` spies '' are merely men and women of high society playing roles in a childish game . They would n't survive for five seconds in the real world . Perhaps the author should stick to romantic stories and not misrepresent her books as anything else .
 I started out reading what I thought was a mediocre mystery/spy novel that was trying too hard to be Possession , and then I was surprised when it turned into soft-core porn . Be warned ! This book would be more accurately described as a romance novel than historical fiction , so unless you want to read constant references to bulges in knee-britches and breasts popping out of bodices , I would recommend passing this one by .
 Because of the author 's academic credentials , I expected a really substantive `` historical mystery . `` Instead , it 's a coy , saccharine Harlequin romance.Rather revolting , actually .
 I read the pink carnation and found it entertaining albeit hard to believe . Almost too cartoonish . This second book is just a recycling of themes and does n't really bring any interesting characters to boot . I wo n't be continuing the series .
 Were they lighthearted drollities rather than stomping elephants ? O dear . Having read many detective novels , historical and otherwise , and possesed of a passion for Georgette Heyer , this reader looked foward to what promised to be a diverting read . But alas , while I was glued to the book for the evening -LRB- one I have lost and shall never recover -RRB- , it was in awe struck horror , and a masochistic desire to see just how bad it could be . And it was very bad . The author 's bio notes that she is studying both history and law at Havard - how ? have they read her books ? - I have quite lost my respect for that august institution if this is the calibre of work they produce . The author obviously feels that teen romance pulp is the height of literature , and reproduces it with little or no difference between time periods or characters . This is the history of the world as acted by your college 's sororities -LRB- with the one frat guy playing all the love-interest parts -RRB- . I pass over the scenes set in France - Mon Dieu - with closed eyes and a shudder , the lack of historical -LRB- or life -RRB- verisimilitude , and close with the earnest wish that given the author obviously had a fetish for strong , masculine hands , perhaps someone could use theirs to strangle her .
 David McCallum of `` The Man from U.N.C.L.E. '' fame could not save this story no matter how many voices and accents he tried . The people are uninteresting . I cared not whether they lived or died . The plot twists were pretty much out of the `` Very Big Book of Spy Story Elements '' reference . I 've heard it all before , and it was n't really worth listening to the first time in other stories
 I have read and enjoyed Nance 's previous books , his knowledge of the aircraft industry has contributed greatly to his writing . However this book is trashy . The premise is so weak and the political plot line so boring , that I could not finish the book . I hope Nance regains his style before writing any more books .
 I made it as far as I can - chapter 31 . But I just ca n't take the excruciatingly pedestrian writing style , the shallow , stereotypical characters , and the inaccurate , out-of-place aviation references sprinkled throughout . I put a lot of blame for this waste of paper on his editor/publisher . This book should never have been released.I do n't know if this is Nance 's first book , but he is NOT a good writer . Indeed , he would be an average writer for the High School level . Granted , he 's got a great idea - very intriguing . But -LRB- and let this be a lesson to you future writers out there -RRB- sometimes you need to let someone who has actual writing talent take your great idea and go with it.This is what Mr. Nance should have done .
 If you like a book that is low taxing on the brain then this is for you . Basically , we are dealing with a Jack Bauer type pilot flying all around the place to protect an ex-president . There just happens to be a tour group of ex-marines on board and some of the dialogue that is spouted out to protect their former commander-in-chief just makes you cringe . Also , the interaction between the pilot and co-pilot -LRB- who is portrayed as an English twit -RRB- is truly awful.Our legal ` mastermind ' that is hired by the ex-president spots problems in the case that everyone else conveniently misses -LRB- this is not a spoiler ! -RRB- . A very poor conclusion to a case that supposedly had dozens of layers working on it.One line from the book mentions a lawyer from Ireland and says about him that `` he does n't drink , not even Guinness '' . This is one of the most idiotic sentences that I 've ever read in a book.This book was sold without any quotes of recommendation on the cover from newspaper critics . After reading the book , it 's easy to see why . Do yourself a favour and avoid this book .
 I was not a fan . It was n't very aviation-oriented . I suppose if you 're into `` Law and Order '' style antics onboard a moving vehicle , this might be a good read -LRB- I 'm not really into those kind of books -RRB- . For me , this novel left me sitting there and wondering when anything remotely exciting would happen and why the only exciting events seemed `` forced '' -LRB- read the trip to Denver and the dash from Ireland to Maine and you 'll understand exactly what I 'm saying -RRB- .
 I have read a number of Nance 's books , and was looking forward to another enjoyable read . This one just did n't do it for me.Why ? Because I felt the story line was just a little too far-fetched to be believable and for me , it just did n't move . I recommend reading some of his other stuff before this one.Yes , Mr. Nance has a great knowledge of aviation , and is able to demonstrate that , this just is n't his best showing.Also , as I have come to really appreciate the number of starts a book has as a gage of whether to pick up a book or not , I feel as if the 4.5 stars this title currently has is over rated.Thanks , MR
 I 'm a big fan of John Nance books but I was disappointed with Headwind . A former U.S. President is set to be arrested on an international warrant while travelling in Europe . Fast paced and interesting story premise that is ruined by the transparency of the character 's actions . The story constantly ignores the ability to use other obvious and simple ways for the President to get of the problem . Also , throughtout the book the characters are constantly amazed out how other characters can anticipate their only obvious option . Sorry , but I was disappointed .
 Headwind - yet another aviation term for John J Nance to hang on to his latest thriller.A former American President is chased on a whirlwind hunt from country to country aboard a 737 commanded by a patriotic fellow countryman . The Peruvian government is seeking the President 's arrest through Interpol in response to a botched CIA raid on a Peruvian drugs factory.Our President has a choice - face certain death from a kangaroo court in Lima or take his chances with the 737 crew and try to make it back to American -LRB- or American sympathising soil -RRB- ... Being a Nance novel we knew that we could count on this latest offering to have a fast-flowing plot , strong dialogue and intriguing characters caught up in fantastically detailed aeronautical situations leading to a narrowly avoided disaster of apocolyptic proportions.Wrong . Headwind fails on almost all these counts . It seems that Nance has chosen to move away from the fly low , fast , furious formula that made previous thrillers such as Final Approach , Medusa 's Child and Pandora 's Clock an absolutely riveting read.The characters are weak and unconvincing.We get to learn little about so many of the potentially interesting characters that crop up throughout the book . Nance literally wastes the opportunity to develop our sympathy with the President or his followers . We find the premise of extradition to Lima weak , especially given the usual global scope of a Nance novel.We learn little about the 737 's commander , apart from that he is willing to have his pilot 's licence revoked over a questionable hunch over his former President 's status as a wanted man.The flying sequences are short , undescriptive and very , very tame in comparison to those that had us on the edge of our seat in previous Nance outings . Much of the narrative is spent in courtrooms , on telephones , in briefing rooms ... This is not a Nance novel . We 've come to expect spine-tingling aviation related thrillers . We want the good guys to win . We want the bad guys to buy the farm . We want 747-400 's upside down in mid-air , with the good guys hanging on the tailfin.But Headwind is sadly little more a courtroom drama that gets bogged down in international legal red tape . By the end we do n't care who wins , who gets extradited , who ends up in the dock or anything else . I was more worried about whether I 'd left the iron on.Nance is a fantastic fiction writer . He needs to get out of the courtroom and back in the flight deck for his next outing . Leave the law to the professionals John . Write us books about planes !
 When Peru issues an arrest warrant for an ex-president of the United States claiming his responsibility -LRB- by proxy -RRB- for the torture and slaughter of Peruvian employees inside a biological weapons factory , it falls upon the shoulders of Pilot Craig Dayton and former Texas judge -LRB- recently re-instated from suspension international attorney -RRB- Jay Reinhart to save the day and keep the ex-president from being sent to almost certain conviction in the Peruvian courts . It 's hard to decide what the focus of this novel was supposed to be . Is it a political statement concerning making national leaders responsible for the orders they issue to murder the civilians of the places they invade ? Or maybe it 's an observation about how legislation of any kind in any venue can be manipulated to serve the purpose of whatever villain comes along . Or maybe the purpose is to portray the ways in which lawyers really do n't care whether they win or lose ; what they care about is who becomes Master of the Game with the best overall legal strategy . In other words , it 's all just a game of chess for sophisticated legal minds . Then again , it could be about men who have monumental egos and the women who love them . This novel had good potential with such multifaceted possibilities . Unfortunately it did n't really deliver on any of them . The characters were not very well drawn , especially the chief troublemaker , Sir Stuart Campbell . He 's somewhat of a cross between Donald Trump and Johnny Cochran only without the humility . And when all of these components are set for the most part aboard a Boeing 747 , it all becomes ... well , rather silly .
 I 'm a big fan of John Nance books but I was disappointed with Headwind . A former U.S. President is set to be arrested on an international warrant while travelling in Europe . Fast paced and interesting story premise that is ruined by the transparency of the character 's actions . The story constantly ignores the ability to use other obvious and simple ways for the President to get of the problem . Also , throughtout the book the characters are constantly amazed out how other characters can anticipate their only obvious option . Sorry , but I was disappointed .
 This book has every potential to be one of my favorite book ; the gothic atmosphere , a cute hero , a strong heroine , the reincarnation and the ghost ! I wonder how it turned out to be one of the most dissapointment book on my shelf.Don ' t get me wrong , this book is an entertaining read with an interesting and engaging storyline plus a lot of good humours . In fact , I enjoyed this book very much until the last 20 pages and in the end I felt like throwing the book away ! What a poor conclusion !!! It seemed to me that Nora had wrote this book carefully until page 365 and then realized that she had only 30 minutes to go before the deadline so she had to finish the story within the next 20 pages . That 's why every thing she wrote toward the end seemed like they 're just thrown together and none of them made any sense !! I like Declan and Angelina for almost of the book just to hate them both in the end!This book left me a hundred questions without any explaination . The author built up a dozen events and characters that related to the mystery just to keep me reading and waiting for a grand final and then managed to finished it in the lamest way.To Nora , I can tell from my experience of reading a lot of ghost stories , those torture ghosts in your book , after haunting in the house for more than a century , should n't give in and gone that easy by just a silly conversation between two people . Ca n't believe you 're the same author who wrote one of my favorite book of all time `` Honest illustion '' . I wo n't recommend this book to anyone unless you do n't care much about the clear , complete ending . It 's entertaining anyway .
 Nora Roberts is one of my favorite writers . She 's written such wonderful & suspenseful stories thru the years that everytime any of her copies hit the shelves , I 'm among those who get a copy immediately . My main problem w / this book is that it 's anti-climatic . The story is pretty good , but the ending was so horrible . I do n't understand how such a good book could end so disastrously . I expected more from this book I guess .
 I really did n't like Lena , the lead female character at all . I thought her cajun was cheesy and she just came across as being totally unworthy of Declan the main character who I really liked . I thought the book was slow , repetitive and came to a very unsatisfying finish . Not one of NR 's best ! Would n't recommend it .
 Ghost stories can be fun and exciting . This was boring and weird . I admitt I do n't understand re-encarnation at all and find stories where the hero and heroine are `` reborn '' or take over other people 's bodies rather creepy . But I thought if anyone could sale me on the story it would be Nora Roberts . Unfortunately , she was n't able to . First off the good/twin bad twin seemed like too low of a cliche for Nora Roberts to stoop too . All thrown together maded for a very boring and weird story .
 Nora Roberts is a great romance writer , but this is not one of her great works . She enters the realm of the pre-Katrina New Orleans with this romance/mystery novel but as an outsider to that society she is unable to capture its actual nature -LRB- believe me , as an insider to the pre-Katrina New Orleans , I know about that lifestyle -RRB- . She makes horrible mistakes in her New Orleans geography and lifestyle then compounds those errors with the fact that in this novel at least she seems to forget about the basic differences between men and women ! Considering her fame as a romance writer I find some her writing not only bad , but actually bizarre ! I realize that a ghost story is somewhat bizarre by nature but she takes it to an absurd point ! As you can tell I found this novel disappointing and do not recommend this book . Nora Roberts should leave this sort of writing alone and let Anne Rice write about the haunted houses in New Orleans .
 This book was disappointing but I guess that 's redundant once you look at the star rating . Perhaps it was the worn out story line , good twin/bad twin evil mother or the patronizing and cliche ' lines spouted by Declan regarding child birth and rape , -LRB- these scenes were almost offensive as he `` comes back '' and can now instantly identify with the pain and degradation -RRB- . Declan 's angst is annoying . Or maybe it was the lack of plot or sizzle between the main characters . Whatever it was this book certainly was n't even in the ball park to Ms Robert 's usual level of writing .
 I have been buying her books since she started out with the monthly paperbacks ; I pick up her hardcovers frequently . I think the book was an insult to her normal writing ; usually her suspence is excellent and when you start to read a book , you do n't want to put it down . The ending was rediculous ; men having babies ; do n't think so . Would like to see a revision , with a new ending . Wrote a short note on this book in January ; forgot to rate ; deninitely did n't want any misunderstanding . It is n't worth even a l.
 I have read a ton of Nora Roberts ' books , and I had high hopes that this one would be as great as some of her previous works . While I do find her books a bit formulaic , they are still entertaining . However , this one was just not as good as her previous books in the same romance/suspense genre , such as Sanctuary and River 's End . Her female character was rather flat and undeveloped throughout the novel . The entire book seemed like a remix of various stock characters from earlier novels , mixed and matched to provide a new story . The ending lacked her usual unexpected twist , and if you have seen the movie `` Dead Again '' you will guess it long before it occurs . I really expected a little more originality from Nora on this one , but that was expecting too much .
 I have spent a small fortune on Nora Roberts books , but if this is a sample of what I have to look forward to after all the years of loyalty I have shown her , I will say good-bye now . I have never been so disappointed in one book as I have been in this one . The storyline is so unbelievable , even for a supernatural tale , that it was extremely difficult for me to continue reading this rediculously written novel . `` Ick '' is all I can say . I think about all the time I spent on this book , and it truly makes me angry . What a silly concept - as I said before , `` Nora , what were you thinking ? '' If anyone out there wants to read a real romance , pick up The Color of Revenge by Millicent Hart . Do n't waste you time with Midnight Bayou . Spend it doing something you like - not reading this trivial junk !
 This story had a lot of promise but somewhere in the last quarter of the book it took a sharp wrong turn . If you read a lot of Nora Roberts you know that usually she has an interesting twist at the end , however this time this was a very convoluted twist . That twist made it impossible for me to relate to the characters anymore and made the book really the worst I have ever read from her collection . I highly recommend skipping it .
 This book was too similar to the `` In the Garden '' trilogy in which the house is being haunted and the people that live in the houses are trying to figure out the pasts of the ghosts that are in the houses , blah , blah , blah
 I have read the majority of Nora Roberts books and looked forward to this one because I had a weeks vacation and could take the time to enjoy it . I did find the premise interesting but it got a little weird toward the middle and relly strange at the end . I still do n't understand what happened to Lena 's mother and kind of thought that she would have been the troublemaker at the wedding . It just seems to have fizzled out . I could n't believe it when all of a sudden the hero became the heroine . If Lena was the hero , and I was Declan or whoever he was supposed to be , I would have wished her/him/it a fond farewell without a backward glance . I hope Ms. Roberts slows down with the next book and writes out a COMPLETE rough draft . I felt like I needed cliff notes for this one .
 This is the first Nora Roberts I 've read in a long time that I really just did n't like . The ending was just a really big letdown ; there 's all this suspense and mystery that leads up to ... nothing . Nothing actually seriously happened with the `` haunted '' house ; nobody was ever in any actual real danger or threatened by anything . Furthermore , I thought the romance was just messed up ; first , they sleep together after their first date , and secondly , it 's like the `` past '' relationship/people got mixed up with the present , which just did n't seem romantic . I did n't like the whole reincarnation thing , that was just weird , and I did n't much care for Lena , who was just abrasive and kind of slutty , although I absolutely loved Declan and Miss Odette , who were really the redeeming characters of the story . Honestly , from the suspense * where nothing happens * to the romance * which just did n't feel romantic * , I just really did n't like this one . Probably the first Nora Roberts book I actively disliked ; not worth buying or reading .
 I 've read and enjoyed almost all of Nora Robert 's books . Midnight Bayou , however , was a huge disappointment . I loved the book up until about the last 20 pages . Then it seemed as if Nora handed the manuscript to someone else and said `` here , you finish it '' , someone who did n't understand the characters ' personalities or the depth of the story.Hopefully this is not a sign of things to come with Mrs. Roberts .
 I did enjoy this book up to a point but when I reached the end I was very disappointed !
 I have been a Nora Roberts fan for years and have read everything she and JD Robb write . This book is not her best . The charactors were not interesting , only her attention to detail made the book acceptable.I say wait until paperback or it hits the used list .
 I usually love her books . But this one , it fell short of her usually high standerds . I could swallow the gender switching ghosts , but for Abby & Julian to just `` rest in peace '' after all that . It left me kind of annoyed !! She put so much of them into the story that I expected more in the ending . As for the relationship between Dec & Lena , well it seemed that they go through this `` spiritual cleansing '' toward the end , then everything is just peachy ?!?! What was that all about ??? I will still read her books , as I think she is a gifted story teller . But I am sorry to say that this one just did not do it for me .
 This was my first Nora Roberts . I gave it a try because the `` haunted New Orleans '' aspect sounded fascinating . Here are some reasons I 'm sorry I picked it up :1 . Rape scene
 For years now , long before she was famous , Nora Roberts has been my favorite author . I read all her books and never has a reprint been a new story for me . I also read J.D. Robb and enjoy that series . I am very unhappy and disappointed with the direction she is now taking . In a very recent book , she wrote of magic , and as a Christian , I found it offensive . In Midnight Bayou , she has turned to reincarnation and the occult , which for those who study the Bible is offensive again . What 's with this ? I have always purchased Nora Roberts ' books , sight unseen as soon as they are released . I wo n't be doing that anymore . It appears that I must check her books out now before purchasing them to determine content . I fear this has happened because she has made it big and is just spitting them out as fast as possible . Come on Nora , be true to yourself , and your loyal fans . This rating of 1 is a gift ; I would have given it a zero .
 This is my first 2 star review . I always go higher , usually way higher . I am an enthusiastic and voracious reader . I can read almost anything . Or so I thought . I have recently developed a taste for romance and have enjoyed discovering new and gifted writers in this genre . In my zest , I thought , why not read the big names ... like Nora Roberts . I mean , if the lesser known writers have impressed and entertained me so well , Nora Roberts will send me over the top . Right?Wrong . The first chapter was intriguing . It is about star-crossed love that defies class structure and results in a murder in an old mansion in the bayou . But it is a short chapter and the story is all downhill from there.As soon as I met the supposed modern-day hero , Declan , I got queasy . Ugh . He 's just a dork , plain and simple . And his infatuation , Lena , is a stereotypical bad girl/siren that is unbelievable too ... and horribly cringe-evoking . I limped along with these lame characters in order to get back to the historic gothic part . But in the end , I did n't have the stomach for it . I gave up half way through , and honestly , I 've never done that before . I 've at least skimmed the rest of a book . Are all of Nora Roberts heroes this goofy ?
 This story takes place in the present , but also in the past . Delcan Fitzgerald is drawn to a house in New Orleans called Manet Hall , but he really does n't understand why . He just knows that since he first saw it in college , he would own it someday . He gets strange vibes from the house , and when he meets Angelina , they intensify . Together they go on the 100 year old journey to find the answers to the strange happenings within Manet Hall.While I generally like ghost stories with the paranormal added to the mix , this went beyond the scope of what I can take . The rebirth and reincarnation of characters was just too far out in left field for me . I normally like Nora Roberts books , but this is one I could n't get into .
 will be very short ; Nora Roberts is one of my favorite writers ; have never been as disappointed as i was with Midnight Bayou.The ending was not believable and left you unsatisfied ; hopefully this is a fluke because i buy a lot of her hardcover books . prior to the ending , the plot and story were enjoyable ; but with a bad ending , it leaves a bad taste .
 I almost always give a book a three star rating even when I think it is really bad . I guess I just think that all books deserve at least that . So , when I gave this one a one star rating -LRB- and I would have given it a zero if possible -RRB- you know I really disliked it . I do n't mind the reincarnation aspect but the gender change just totally ruined the entire book for me and badly enough to give it a one star . I love all of this author 's other books and have most of them . The last few have been on a downhill slide . I just hope this trend does n't continue for her . Like the others that were disappointed in this book , I know I will be checking her book jackets for the scoop before I buy another one of her books .
 I am a huge Nora Roberts fan . I think I own practically every book she has written and have loved almost all of them . However , I found this book to be a HUGE disappointment . It is so incredibly boring that I could n't wait for it to just be over.There is no suspense to the story as the plot is obvious in the first 40 pages . This follows her rather annoying second in a series paperback book about the 3 witches . I do hope this is n't a trend for her , because one more of this vein and I wo n't be buying her books again .
 My first question is ... How on earth did this woman get published ? This book started out great and I was excited to see the story unfold . As I kept reading , I got more and more frustrated . My friend was reading one of her series and told me that the men in those books were all pizza eating , beer drinking card board cut outs too . Declan got on my nerves.Then the big twist , which I wo n't spoil if someone is desperate enough to read this , made me shake my head and scoff . Its hard for me to leave books unfinished , so I kept with this one until the very last page ... Then I wondered why I had just wasted so much of my life , when I could have been reading something worth my time . Maybe because I hate romance novels , I ca n't stand Nora Roberts . I ca n't stand Nick Sparks either .
 I normally do not read this type of book , therefore , I hesitate to give it a rating.I do not like stories about ghost , haunted houses , reincarnation , etc. . I rated the book based solely on the way it was written . In my opinion , the story was boring , the characters were not well described and much of it was repitious without adding anything to the situation ; for example , clocks chiming , doors slambing , baby crying . The same situation kept happening over and over without any variety to it.This book is the 13th one I have read by the author . I loved all her other books but this one was a dud .
 This is the second Nora Roberts book I 've read , and I enjoyed the first , so was excited to have another to read . Well , this is absolutely the most stupid book I have ever read . I do n't know if I 'll read another , since I felt like it was such a waste of my time .
 I had high expectations when I purchased this overpriced hardcover book , that was n't worth the discount price I got it for . Usually I only buy paperbacks . The characters of Lena and Declan were awful . Declan was weak and Lena had this fake `` bad girl '' attitude . What 's with the overuse of the word `` cher '' ? Lena just got to be annoying . Declan was just pathetic . I could n't get into the last half of the book and found myself flipping through the pages just to finish it . The overall storyline was n't that bad . The whole ghost and reincarnation aspect was pretty interesting and different , but these characters were awful and unbelievable . It got a 2 stars -LRB- instead of a 1 -RRB- because of the potential with the storyline . ...
 Bored , burned out , yuppie lawyer Declan Fitzgerald quits his cushy life in Boston and purchases a decrepit mansion outside New Orleans . He saw the place while in college and has dreamt of restoring it for years . Of course , the house is not just fashioned of wood and plaster ... it has many stories to tell ... and ghosts to tell them.Declan hooks up with a mysterious local woman with stories of her own . Together they try to unravel the mysteries of Manet Hall and finally put the ghosts to rest.I liked the characters and the way the stories from the past ran concurrently with the present , but I figured out the ` twist ' too early.I 'm not sure where Ms. Roberts grew up , but I can almost bet it was not Louisiana . Writers find the bayous and their surroundings full of possible plot lines , but unless they 've lived there -LRB- or have a research assistant who did -RRB- , their work usually leaves me a little disappointed . However , I continue to buy their books hoping `` This one will have gotten it right '' . I 'm almost always disappointed.Leave Louisiana stories to the natives who have grown up with Spanish moss , bayous , rich roux , wonderful oral traditions , and just a touch of magic . They 're the ones who can weave a spell just by saying : `` Cher , have you heard the story about that crazy Yankee lawyer who finally solved the mystery of Manet Hall ? No ? Well , just sit yourself down and let me tell you ... ''
 I found this book a truly disapointment !! When i started the book , the story of Abby and Lucian was so intense , so passionate that i thought i was going to love it . Then the book advances to this days with the story of Declan and Lena , and it was ugelly disapointing !! They do n't have anything in commun with Abby and Lucian !! Lena and Declan , they do n't work as a couple in love ; to me they was no chemestry or anything between them . I only read the book till the end because i wanted to know how it was going to end with Abby and Lucian , but that too was a little beyond what i thought it was going to be , they deserv a better ending , i do n't now how but that was not what i expected !!
 I am an avid Nora Roberts fan and have every single one of her books including the ones she writes under `` JD Robb . '' By far , this is my least favorite of ALL her books and she has written many . I was very disappointed with this . I felt the characters were rather dull and cliche and I did not care for the `` ghost '' theme . However , everyone has an `` off '' day , and I am anxiously awaiting her next novel ...
 This was one of THE WORST books that I have read all year . It had got my attention because of my love of New Orleans and period piece books , but this was just awful . The first seven pages had me in disbelief that a well known author could write something soawful . It was like she woke up and decided to write about southern plantation life and reincarnation-without doing any research . Everything was so obvious in the first chapter , she included the typical idea of people of the south are usually portrayed ; with balls and slaves ! I would n't recommend this book , if you want to read a romace stick to Daniel Steel !
 I have read and enjoyed many of Coulter 's books . Her imaginative stories and interesting fully developed characters were intriguing with only the slightest hint of political bias . Now the depth of character and plot have dimenished drastically and the political self-righteousness has taken over . If I could give it less than one star I would .
 This is advertised as an FBI thriller , but I was not thrilled . I like most books that I read , so it is a rare experience to find one that seems to have no redeeming value . What will you find if you read this story ? First , you will not find a plot . Someone murders an Associate Justice of the US Supreme Court , but nothing much happens until the author gives us a dull , improbable ending . Second , the dialog is unbelievable . Listen to people in conversation around you . Each person 's speech has a distinctive voice . Most writers spend huge amounts of time learning to write exciting dialog . Not so with this book . The characters all sound the same . Finally , the author throws in an extra story , a sappy tale about ghosts that appears to have no connection to the main story . This is the first of Coulter 's books that I have read . Perhaps her other books are wonderful , but until someone persuades me that they are , this will be the last one that I read . There are far too many fascinating authors out there .
 THROUGH THE YEARS I 'VE READ , RE READ AND KEPT SEVERAL OF C.C. BOOKS FOR THE ENJOYMENT I RECEIVED IN READING THEM . LATELY THOUGH , I 'VE HAD A HARD TIME REMEMBERING I EVEN READ SOME OF HER LAST BOOKS.I 'VE JUST ORDERED BLINDSIDE , FORGETTING I 'VE ALREADY READ IT . NEEDLESS TO SAY , IT WAS NOT ONE I KEPT FOR RE READING.BLOW OUT FALLS IN THE SAME CATEGORY . GOOD CRIME SCENES , BUT NOT ANY REASON FOR THE MURDERS OF THE JUDGE AND HIS STAFF.AND ONCE AGAIN ANY -LSB- ... -RSB- COULD HAVE READ THIS BOOK WITH OUT THE WORRY OF EVEN SIMPLE SEX SCENES . THERE WAS NO SEX . NOT BETWEEN THE MARRIED FBI AGENTS NOR THE SINGLE D.C. AGENT AND THE FEMALE REPORTER . -LRB- THE JUDGES STEP DAUGHTER -RRB- AND I COULD NOT GET PAST THE REASONS FOR HER TAGGING ALONG WITH THE FBI AGENTS AS THEY DID THEIR JOBS . UNLESS IT WAS TO DODGE BULLETS AND HAVE LIMPID CONVERSATIONS WITH HER `` LOVE INTEREST `` IF YOU PAY MORE THAN A DOLLAR FOR THIS BOOK , YOU ARE PAYING MORE THAN YOU SHOULD.LETS HOPE C.C. WILL RECAPTURE THE ROMANCE -LRB- ANY WOULD HELP -RRB- AND BRING BACK HER EARLIER WRITING SKILLS .
 As many other reviewers said this plot could be much better exploited . The haunted part of the book is so pathetic that you can skip it just when you start reading it . It does n't have any sense and it was written just to fill more pages in the book.When you read a spies ' book and the FBI does n't had any lead to the killer and the killer just give up because he thinks that he does n't have to live anymore is pathetic , and more if this killer is an expert sniper and turned down the FBI twice before.The plot is interesting and will keep you reading until the end , but at the end you 'll be so disappointed that you 'd have thought that you 'd never have read this book . I think you can skip this one and look for other FBI or spies ' books from other writers for example : ` Dead Ringer ' by JASMINE CRERSSWELLor ` Blind Run ' by PATRICIA LEWINamong others .
 In addition to many comma splices throughout the book , this was the worst written book by ANY author I have ever read . If your house was shot up by a gun-toting maniac , would you rush to the kitchen for paper towels to mop up a coffee spill ? The characters ' dialogue is stilted , inappropriate at times , and totally inane . FBI agents sobbing in each others ' arms ? I think not -- agents have nails and gunpowder for breakfast . It seemed as if Coulter did little or no research in order to bring credibility to her characters . While promoting her book , Coulter touted her book as being better then Dan Brown 's DaVinci Code ; she can only wish it were . A total flop .
 `` Blow Out '' is , without a doubt , the worst murder mystery I 've ever read.I genuinely thought it was the work product of a non - `` in-group '' 16 year old girl trying unsuccessfully to seem hip.Two separate , distinct & out-of-balance plots
 This is a poorly crafted excuse for an F.B.I. story . It reads more like a Disney story written for teens and tweens , with the implausibly snappy dialogue completely inappropriate to this genre ... or to any book an adult might read.I struggled to chapter 3 , but the goofy character interactions and dialogue have defeated me . I 'd rather read any of the beautifully written John Sanford books I 've already read than subject myself to another paragraph of this book 's nonsense .
 This book reads like the first rambling efforts of a high school girl . The mixing of romantic patter between the main characters while they conduct an FBI investigation into brutal murders clearly does not work . Skip it .
 One of the worst books I have ever read . If I could have awarded it a zero star rating , I would have.The initial premise is interesting
 I am a Catherine Coulter fan but I have to say this is one of the worst books I have ever listened to . The plot and characters were so underdeveloped . The dialogue was weak and the story line lame . Do n't even read it from the public library , it just is n't worth it.The ending was beyond horrible . There was n't a true ending.THE COVE by Catherine coulter I really enjoyed gave it a 4 starLYON 'S GATE by Catherine Coulter was ok gave it a 3 starLets hope the author recaptures the romance again and bring back her earlier writing skillsI 'd definitely skip this one if I were you
 This was the first book from CC I ever read , and I wo n't be looking for another one . The plot is thin and there is simply no actual problem solving . The protagonists come to decisions simply `` because '' . The use of the MAX computer to find the murder - OMG , what a cheesy resource ... The ending is also probably one of the weakest I have ever seen , unexpected in a bad way , disconnected to all the previous threads she mentions througout the book . In short
 I wo n't buy Coulter books any more . The dialog is incredibly bad the plot lines are non-existant . What was with the `` ghost '' ? Why title the book `` blowout '' when the story revolves around the murder of the Supreme Court Justice . And if the author was trying to throw in a romance between the reporter and the cop , she failed miserably . Not even worth checking out for free at the library .
 This may be the most tedious book I 've ever read . The plot meandered through unnecessary people and events until almost the last page . I could n't even really tell who the main characters were . I suspect they were Carrie and Ben but the total lack of character development left me wondering . In the past , Catherine Coulter has kept me on the edge of my seat with her plot and character development . This book had me struggling to stay awake . `` Blow Out '' is just that , a blow out .
 I was very disappointed in Coulter 's latest work . She took a potentially complex story and `` shrink wrapped '' it . How naive does she think we are ? Then to add the paranormal story was just too much . It was almost embarassing . Are the editors reading this stuff before they publish it ; or do they believe that we will read anything by certain authors ? It is insulting . I was expecting much better from a very good author . But lately many of these popular authors have been just going through the motions and not really trying to give something new . They just need to bring out a new book every year . Do us a favor and take your time .
 I told myself if someone `` fanned their hands in front of themselves '' one more time , I would quit . This happened 3 times by page 57 . The plot is dumb , I could n't stay focused ; the dialogue is terrible ; I do n't know that I will ever try another by this author . -LRB- Do n't think that I am a literary snob , I read nearly everyone
 Where to start ? This book is a mess . A total mess . I ca n't decide what was more disappointing , the poorly conceived plot and subplot , the random events that ca n't pass as `` plot twists '' the underdeveloped characters , or the stilted dialogue . There was no flow or cohesiveness to the story , the writing itself was disjointed , and the characters make incredible leaps in logic that are unexplained and unbelievable.The Story & Characters
 After reading Riptide a while back I thought I would enjoy another Coulter book . My mistake . The entire plot of this book is so unbelievable I had to continue reading it just to see how senseless the ending would be . The two story lines never come together . The ending is not only predictable , but lame . I have nothing intellgent to say about this book because it was soooo bad .
 Talk about a huge waste of time . There are basically two separate plots in the book
 Very disappointing . I was looking forward to this book because I buy all of her books . It took me a minute to get into the book , and besides that I was very easily interrupted . It did not capture my imagination . I could not believe that they brought a person who is on a hit list into their home even though they have a son they love so much . The book was all over the place . All of a sudden , MAX came up with the name of the murderer , just like that . It was just so out there . I liked the Samantha Barrister secondary plot line better than the main plot . Maybe that should have been the main plot . It was hard to believe that the judge was having an affair . The way everyone described him as being private and waiting patiently to marry his wife , does not jibe with him being an adulterer . Instead of paying your hard earned money , I would go to the library and check it out .
 The whole time I read this book I was thinking , `` Are they kidding ? They actually think we 'd BELIEVE this stuff ? Did the Publishers and Editors actually read the book before releasing it ? '' So many things wrong with this book that I do n't think I have the space to write them all down . Here are a couple ... 1 -RRB- The dialog is so unbelievable that I was laughing . The characters are too long winded . 2 -RRB- The main plot-line was horrible . You could n't even GUESS who did it because they just picked the bad guy out of thin air at the end ! And the reason why he did it was laughable . 3 -RRB- CC needs to research police policies ... no Cop would EVER , I mean EVER blurt out every single detail of the investigation to a reporter , victim family members , and other suspects in the case . I mean , PLEASE!Readers , do yourself a favor , skip this one .
 I am a huge Catherine Coulter fan and have read most of her books but I have to say this is one of the worst books I have ever read . The ending was beyond horrible . There was n't a true ending . The plot and characters were so underdeveloped . I could not find any reason for Callie and Ben to get together . Suddenly they were in love . This book was just horrible . If you must read it borrow it do not buy it . It is n't worth the money .
 I borrowed this book from the public library . I ca n't believe someone can find a serious publisher to print such a poorly written book and that people will pay real money to buy it .
 I have read all of Coulter 's books , some more than once . Her Regency-era romances were usually witty and fun and her early FBI thrillers were actually good . This one is just bad . It had good primeses but bad characterization , bad dialogue , no plot , stupid cops and a spectacularly bad ending . She should never have let this one go to print.By the way , I checked the other reviews written by the three people who have given this book a five-star rating . Who 's paying these people ? Two of the three have written dozens of reviews , giving nearly every book a five . Either they have no taste or they are shills .
 I shudder when I think of why this alleged `` author '' even wrote this pile of C *** . What a premise ! Murder at the Supreme Court ; one Justice killed , his legal clerks are getting bumped off ... . ahhhh ! how a real who-dunit writer could have developed such a great idea.But what we have here is saccharine-sweet garbage , badly edited at that . No idea about police work , FBI agents crying like babies , and a ridiculouds construct as an end ... Do n't even read it from the public library ; it ai n't worth it.I had to give it one star because Amazon would not have accepted it otherwise ; also , because Coulter abstained from graphic descriptions of sex , as it seems to be mandated now for woman writers.Otherwise ... Gahhhh !
 I listened to the audio CD of this book . I have never read anything by Catherine Coulter , but the plot sounded interesting . After listening to this , I will never listen to -LRB- or read -RRB- another book by Catherine Coulter . I must agree with some of the other reviewers that the dialogue is , at times , cringe-inducing . Who talks like that ? I think if I heard the terms `` moron , '' `` jerk , '' or `` Crown Vic '' one more time , I would scream . And , what man in this day and age would think that what he really wanted to was `` neck '' with his date . It 's not that I think vulgar dialogue would have been better , but `` neck '' ? I think it was even worse to hear it out loud rather than in your own mind -LRB- thus , my preference to hear nails on a chalkboard -RRB- . The actions of some of the characters were totally unbelievable . Callie has just broken up with her `` jerk '' of a boyfriend and finds out her stepfather is brutally murdered and , within days , two more murders follow . Yet , she is flirting with the detective on the case she has only just met . Where is the grief and fear here ? A supposedly top FBI agent interviews a witness on two occasions , thinks the witness is a great gal , and when she enters the witness ' home shortly after she is killed , touches the victim and cries into her face . Gee , is n't this a crime scene ? Bullets are flying into a home and Callie is on the carpet and when asked if she is `` sucking '' carpet , remarks that the carpet wo n't have to be vacuumed for a week . Who jokes at a time like that ? A very interesting plot dumbed down by really poor writing . I 'd definitely skip this one if I were you .
 Many years ago an English professor told a class I attended that we needed to read some really bad books ; otherwise , we 'd never be able appreciate the good ones . I found that strange at the time and did n't quite subscribe to it . But I realize now that it 's valid . And this novel certainly qualifies as a bad book , if only for the sake of comparison with a good thriller , `` Day of the Jackal , '' for example.To begin with , the plot of `` Blowout '' is preposterous . Both plots , actually , and they never mesh -- the ghost of a murdered woman in the Poconos and the murdered justice of the Supreme Court along with his staff . I did n't believe in either one of the plots -- especially the ghost of the murdered woman and the `` explanation '' for her . There 's no point in going into all the wearisome details , except to say that both killers give unbelievable explanations and confessions when a simplr denial would have sufficed.The writing is clumsy , uniformly bad -- malaprops , dangling participles , cliches , etc. . I can only wonder at the editors who blue penciled this -- or did n't bother . They should have cleaned up some of the mess , albeit a Herculean task . The dialogue is stiff and silly , and it 's not always certain who is talking -- or that it matters . The characters are shallow , posturing , standard issue for this sort of work . Even the justices are bed hopping . There 's no real atmosphere . Both solutions are letdowns . I could cite specific examples of all these criticisms , but it 's just not worth it.Other reviewers have pointed out that some of the author 's other books are better . I do hope so . This is the first book I 've read by Ms. Coulter . It is also my last .
 I always forget what a poor writer Coulter is and shame on me - I did it again . She comes up with interesting scenarios but that 's as far as she can take a story . Bleah ... I tried listening to the audiobook and found the reader -LRB- s -RRB- as awful as the writer . Needless to say , the book was returned to the library for the most part unread .
 i 've never read a book with such banal chit-chat -- the dialogue was just plain bad ! if she 'd have cut out about 200 pages of dialogue maybe i 'd have muddled through it . as it was , i dis n't care who killed who .
 I 've never given a bad review before , but I feel compelled to this time . Judging from the others , I 'm not the only one who was disappointed . I expected more creativity from Ms Coulter , especially since the story was about the killing of a Justice of the Supreme Court . Unbelievable subplots and an anti-climatic ending made for an extremely disappointing conclusion . Sorry , Ms. Coulter . I expected much more from you .
 This is a typical Catherine Coulter book featuring Sherlock & Savich . It follows the usual outline , with the two murders to be solved introduced in the first 2-3 chapters . The two new characters who will eventually fall into bed and then marry are also introduced within the first few chapters . Ms. Coulter is a good writer , but the pattern is getting tiring . Glad I downloaded it as a library book and did not buy .
 Even though I love the Savich/Sherlock series -- this one was terrible . The romance/flirting between the 2 sub-characters was so lame . The dailogue was cheesy . And the plot left you wishing there had been one . The sub plot was hardly mentioned throughout the horribly long interviewing of suspects and then when it did come up again in the end , it was wrapped up quickly and with no substance . The main plot was a huge let down .
 ELEVENTH HOUR by Catherine Coulter was the subject of the third review that I wrote for Amazon -LRB- 8/28/02 -RRB- , and while my five star rating might be a little generous by my current standards I enjoyed the book immensely . Despite mixed reviews , its bestseller status indicated that many other readers shared my opinion . It made me want to learn more about the adventures of -LRB- Dillon -RRB- Savich and -LRB- Lacey -RRB- Sherlock , the husband and wife team who are the two main characters in Coulter?s ? FBI Thriller Series ? . I was especially intrigued by the ? two for one ? aspect of the story ; there were two mysteries to be solved that were cleverly woven together as an integral element of the plot . Therefore , I eagerly awaited the next entry in the series , BLINDSIDE -LRB- review 7/28/03 -RRB- ; unfortunately , while it bore superficial resemblance to the earlier book , the storytelling and the editing were very disappointing and the second mystery was seemingly included as an afterthought . Much to my disappointment , BLOW OUT , the latest installment in the series is even more poorly written and edited . It appears that the author and her publisher have decided that Sherlock and Savich have such a loyal fan club that a peremptory effort at telling a story and the continuation of the two-for-one mystery format will be sufficient inducement for her loyal readers . Well , I am officially going on strike with regard to the purchase of future books in this series until I read some glowing reviews by reviewers whose judgment I trust . I will instead content myself by reading some of Coulter?s much more highly praised earlier stories.As my review title indicates , my greatest disappointment with regard to this story is that with a little additional effort and a lot better job of editing this could have been a first rate book . For some reason , perhaps to grab the reader?s interest , the book opens with a riveting action sequence which turns out to part of an interesting but totally peripheral plot . Savich encounters an apparition and gets involved in an unsolved murder that occurred thirty years ago . It almost seems that perhaps this story began as the author?s primary interest but she wasn?t sure that she could turn it into a believable full length novel so threw it in as a twofer that provides some interesting asides and gives us readers more for our money . Suddenly , the action switches to DC , where the brutal murder of a Supreme Court Justice inexplicably occurs within the library of the Court itself despite the incredibly tight security that prevails . When additional murders occur , it appears that a very bold and fiendishly clever murderer has an agenda to fulfill . Additional characters are introduced including Ben Raven , the liaison from the DC Metro Police , and Callie Markham , the stepdaughter of the murdered Justice , who in a totally unbelievable fashion is teamed with Ben in order to utilize her unique insights into the case and her analytical skills honed as an investigative reporter for THE WASHINGTON POST . And for fans of the series , MAX , Dillon?s computer sidekick , provides invaluable help before the chase is over . Unfortunately , much of the dialog is totally inappropriate and becomes almost laughable at times . Furthermore , the paragraph breaks often make it unintelligible who is actually speaking . There are on occasion paragraph breaks in the middle of comments by the same speaker ; at times , the narrative perspective seems to suddenly change . Finally , the romantic subplot is so predictable it lacks any interest at all.In summary , a potentially interesting villain and a plot with great potential have been sacrificed to the apparent desire to keep to a publishing schedule of a book each summer . I only generously rounded my rating up because there are two aspects of the book which certain readers will enjoy . First , there is some minimal further character development for the truly devoted fans of Savich and Sherlock ; the true series addicts will probably enjoy this element . Second , the plot?s potential is interesting although unrealized . Very surprisingly , the distribution of the ratings of this book by the seventeen previous reviewers exhibits a wide dispersion of opinion . The average of three stars to date derives from an entirely level distribution ? three readers each rated it one , three or five stars , four readers each rated it two or four stars . I believe that this difference of opinion reflects how different types of readers relate to the various factors that I mention in this review . Someone who is perhaps a speed reader and primarily interested in a plot -LRB- or two -RRB- with some interesting twists might easily overlook many of the features that I consider to be very significant flaws . Much of my interest in reading derives from the subtleties of character development , the intricate details which clever writers weave into the fabric of their stories , and the careful construction of the narrative and a wonderful use of language . By definition , any subjective rating system incorporates how an individual reader balances all these diverse factors when deciding which books provide a pleasurable and worthwhile experience . The strengths of this book no where near compensated me for the severe weaknesses with regard to any of those factors.Tucker Andersen
 Let 's see , my stepfather was just murdered and , within less than twenty four hours , I am wildly flirting with the police officer . The only way that any fact can be explained to the reader is through stilted dialogue -- `` I am going to see so-and-so . '' `` Oh , is n't she your sister ? '' `` Yes , she is my sister . '' It 's a murder mystery , actually two murders , completely unrelated to each other , both of them `` solved '' at the last minute through long-winded confessions in the bad old James Bond style , `` now that I 've got you , the good guy , pinned down and could kill you just by pulling the trigger , let me explain to you in long-winded fashion why I 've done this . '' And spiced with right-wing fantasy throughout -LRB- the liberal Supreme Court Justice is a horrible person , the Black law clerk is labelled an affirmative action whiner for no discernible reason , the `` good '' beer is Coors , and so on -RRB- . Worst . Book . Ever .
 The title of the novel refers to the strange experience familiar character Dillon Savich has on a lonely , snowy road one dark night . Alas , it is hardly developed at all in the book until the last 40 pages or so , and I really ca n't see , hard as the author tried , how it is linked up with the supposed hero and heroine of this book , Ben Raven and the daughter of a murdered supreme court justice . The motive for the murders as the body pile mounts up is absolutely absurd , and the twist at the end totally falls flat . I felt really cheated by this book . It was nice to see Sherlock and Dillon and their little boy , but the whole relationship between Ben and his lady love is a wet squib and the macho posturing in the living room of Savich 's home is just absurd . A real let down . Neither romantic , nor suspenseful .
 I have read many of Catherine Couleter 's FBI books and enjoyed them thoroughly along with the characters of Savich and Sherlock . But this book had a silly unrealistic plot . The main premise what that a Supreme Court Justice could be murdered by someone clubbing a Federal Guard , changing clothes with him , and gee , going back into the building to commit the murder . I guess the building was just open to anyone . The characters were one dementional and even in very stressful times the dialogue was `` very cute '' and supposedly witty . The final resolution was as unrealistic as the plot and character development . Honestly , I would have to say that this book was written by someone else who just took the name of Catherine Coulter . I regret the money I paid for the book and it was so poorly written than anything in excess of five minutes a page would have been too much . Instead of finding an old friend who gave me a few hours of wonderful reading , I found an imposter . I do n't believe the Catherine Coulter I have read previously would have even sent this out as a first draft for review .
 I have read all the other Sherlock and Savich books and have noticed that they get worse and worse . The first one was great , but this last one `` Blow Out '' , was a total let down . The plot was so unbelievable and the ending was anti-climatic . When I finished it I was like , That 's it ? That was supposed to be a suspensful book ? Do n't waste your time with this one .
 A terrible read . A computer determined who the killer was , from out of the blue , with no explanation to the reader . Likewise I was waiting for a tie-in between the supernatural portion of the story which appeared at the beginning of the book but there was no relationship between the ghost of the woman Samantha Barrister , her family , and the rest of the story . Very juvenile , not at all thought out in a logical manner . It was a page turner , keeping me in suspense as I waited for some coherence , which , unfortunately , never came .
 As a long time reader of Coulter 's books , I expected a lot more than what this book delivered . First off , the dialogue was really strange -- almost like Coulter herself did n't write it . In her past books she has been pretty good at characterization , but in this book , the characters were stilted , wooden and totally unbelievable as was the plot and the twists . The ending of the story line made absolutely no sense to the rest of the book . The characters -- Ben and Callie had so little chemistry between them that it was almost painful when they finally hooked up ! My advice to anyone contemplating a purchase of Blow Out - is do n't blow your money on buying the book -- look at how uniformly bad these reviews are and then either skip reading it all together , or go to the library and check it out ! This is not a book you will want to keep in your personal library . It is really , really bad !
 Ok , I read Catherine Coulter , and I can not put the books down once I start , but I am ALWAYS left with the `` HUH ? '' look on my face . This was no exception . The subplot involving the ghost could have easily been another rushed book by Coulter . It has NO bearing on the story whatsoever . NONE ! I was stupidly thinking that MAYBE it had something to do with the murder of the Justice , but huh uh . Nope ... Who the murderer is and why he did it is BEYOND STUPID ! It took like a paragraph for him to explain why . It was so unbelievable.At the beginning of her books , Coulter always says something coy like
 This is the most poorly written professionally printed book I have ever encountered
 I 'm a long time Catherine Coulter fan who was sadly disappointed `` again '' with her latest effort . I 'm glad I decided to borrow from the library instead of purchase this book . I see no reason to rehash the plot -LRB- s -RRB- . The pointless plot digressions drove me crazy . In this case `` less '' would have definitely been `` more '' . I found the that the characters dialogue was stilted and boring and you never really felt like you got a grasp on each characters personality . I kept reading thinking that plot and characters had to come together and gel , but unfortunately they did not . I have begun to wonder if the same person is writing these books or if a change in editor is what is ruining her work . I would suggest skipping this book and picking up one of her classics .
 EROS is a high end , very expensive , intensely private and ultra-kinky erotic on-line chat room service . When several normally high frequency users of the service drop off line but continue to allow the almost exorbitant debits to be charged to their bank accounts , Harper Cole , the EROS systems operator , becomes suspicious and worried . As a skilled internet derivatives , commodities and futures trader , he is well aware of the power of money and is justifiably concerned that something has happened to this set of vanishing customers . Further investigation with the help of his colleague , Miles Turner -LRB- a very eccentric geek type with extraordinary computer skills -RRB- morphs these worries into an ironclad certainty that these customers have been murdered by another EROS customer whom they label `` Brahma '' . They also discover that Brahma has murdered a male EROS customer and stolen his on-line EROS persona to trap unwitting victims.When they bring their suspicions to the attention of the authorities , local police and the FBI immediately place him and Miles as # 1 and # 2 on the suspect list for the string of brutal serial killings concentrating their efforts , of course , in this completely wrong direction . Cole and Turner realize that their own freedom , not to mention the lives of other EROS subscribers , depend on their trapping the killer themselves . Concocting an elaborate on-line false identity , they conduct an elaborate ruse to bring the killer into the open but time after time , the brilliant killer sniffs out his pursuers and remains one step ahead of them . They come to realize that they are now targets and , not only have they placed themselves in dire peril , but they 've managed to endanger Cole 's child , the mother of his child and his trusting wife.Greg Iles has created a plot with the potential to sizzle off the page - sex , brutality , blood and guts , computer technology , cat and mouse games with an insanely brilliant and devious killer - but , sadly , `` Mortal Fear '' is actually an overly long , under-edited series of sadly missed opportunities . `` Mortal Fear '' could have delved into the sociological ramifications of on-line sex as a form of infidelity . It did n't . `` Mortal Fear '' could have dug deeply into the legal issues of `` right to privacy '' . It did n't . `` Mortal Fear '' could have discussed the psychological impact of incest on its participants and victims . It did n't . `` Mortal Fear '' could have provided some absolutely fascinating sidebars on the science of transplants , hemophilia and the pineal gland , in particular . It did n't . -LRB- I know , I know ... that came out of left field but if you actually bother to read `` Mortal Fear '' after reading this review , you 'll discover how these things fit into Iles ' plot ! -RRB- `` Mortal Fear '' could have discussed the esoteric art of serial killer profiling in considerably greater detail . It did n't . On top of that , each and every one of his characters were quite flat . There was lots of action , lots of dialogue and lots of movement but none of it really seemed to lift the story off the page into believability.Frankly , a poor effort overall in comparison to some of his other page turners such as `` Turning Angel '' . Not recommended.Paul Weiss
 This is why I do n't like it when people recomend books , films , or music . Everyone has different tastes and you can only tell someone what you like , not what they would like . This is the case with the book Mortal Fear by Greg Iles . It came highly recomended by a good friend of mine and I thought I 'd give it a go . I 've read about 200 pages and to put it simpley I just did n't care how it turned out.First off , I really had trouble suspending my disbelief . Try as I might , I really do n't believe anyone would pay that exorbatant amount of money to be on a sex website . Second , the story tended to drag ... ALOT !! At times I literally forgot what I was reading because nothing integral to the plot was happening . There were a few times where I skipped over entire parts because it just seemed to drone on needlessly . But the worst part is that I had no idea what was going on , who the main characters were , or even what thier names are . The main character is some kind of investor who runs a high priced sex website . There 's six women who have been murdured . The main character is n't compelling at all . So much so that for the first 75 pages I could n't even remember his name . Where Ian Flemming 's James Bond is the world 's greatest spy , Robert Ludlum 's Jason Bourne is the most highly trained goverment agent , and Clive Cussler 's Dirk Pitt is a famous undersea explorer , this guy was just a painfully average shmoe . There 's really nothing special about him that makes you want to see what happens to him . Some may find that appealing but I do n't . The murdurs are n't compelling either . I said `` okay they 're dead ... so what ? ' . Not a good sign.Maybe it 's that I grew up watching James Bond movies or that serial killers hold no fascination for me but this book really did absolutley nothing for me . I expected alot more . And it failed to deliver on just about every level . So much so that I 'm not going to finish it . That 's two in a row .
 Let me start out by saying that I read this book over a four week period . I picked it up to read while on a cross-country flight . On the morning of May 16 , I put it down in order to read the new Michael Connely book . I got around to it again last Friday -LRB- June 3 -RRB- and finished it . This was tough . When I picked it up again , I realized something . I did n't care what happened to any of the characters . In fact , the lead , Harper Cole , may have been better off getting blown away on the first page.OK , it was n't terrible . But the inconsistencies just kept adding together . For example , Miles , the ultimate computer geek , is attempting to fabricate a bogus online personality . He needs to come up with a valid street address that has phone service . For whatever reason , he is unable to hack into the telephone company computer to choose one . So instead he enters Harper Cole 's real address . And of course the bad guy immediately tracks down Cole 's home . Oh come now . Anyone can go into switchboard.com , enter a city & state , then enter a common last name like Smith or Jones and come up with a long list of addresses.Sorry , gang . I did n't like the book and if I had had another one available , I never would have finished it . All is not lost however . There is a local charity that accepts used books for resale . They will benefit from this one .
 Greg Iles is a good writer of the modern-day thriller genre , which is not really saying too much . His characters are usually thinly drawn and speak in unrealistic stilted dialogue . The heroes of his three books that I have read are pretty much interchangeable , all with predictable traits , including self-doubt and the obligatory `` past . '' `` Mortal Fear '' is just plain silly . The idea that people would pay large sums to be in a sex chat room is so ridiculous that my ability to suspend disbelief , which is , of course , necessary in all Greg Iles thrillers , immediately stopped.The heroes of Greg Iles books seem to believe that since they are smarter than the FBI , CIA , and other law enforcement officials , they must withhold vital information , but , of course , they always make the right decisions because they 're the ones who capture the bad guy in the end . Any story about grappling with an internet killer is going to appear out-dated because of how fast this technology advances , and `` Mortal Fear '' is no exception.Note to other reviewers
 I am a Greg Iles fan but was sorely disappointed with this one . I could neither like nor identify with the central character and had almost no interest in the plot , which did not keep me on edge like Iles books normally do . Iles did a terrible job of keeping the sub-plots together with the plot on this one - I looked at the date published and thought
 This was my introduction to Greg Iles , and I found his story interesting . His style however was very long , wordy and cumbersome . The actual plot and storyline were very good , with great suspense and unexpected turns , but to get there one must endure endless rambling of backstory and insignificant babbling about meaningless , pointless nothingness . This book could have been compressed to about 60 % in duration , leaving only that to do with the true story and it would have been 100 % better . Mr. Iles is very descriptive in detail , but carrying on and on about the color of the sky and the splashes of raindrops during a edge of the seat moment in the story is not only distracting , but also very frustrating . Also , at times the main characters were very hard to like , and at some points I found myself rooting for the bad guy.In summation let me say , the story was good but in the future Mr. Iles should contract a professional editor to cut out the myriad duldrums of endless rambling . By the time I finally made it to the end of Tape 15 , I was exuberent to hear what I thought was the best line in the book
 I ca n't believe the number of four star reviews . Iles is probagbly the most in love with his own words of any author I have ever read . Boring , long winded , over done and loaded with technical errors . I read the first 30 % and then the last ten and barely made it through . Maybe if I were into kinky sex
 Mortal Fear has an interesting plot , involving a high tech dating service which is used by a serial killer to find his victims . The main characteris very weak and it is hard to feel sorry for him as he entangles both himself and his family into direct contact with the killer . He useshis knowledge of Eros , the dating service , to alert the police and , consequently the FBI , as to a possible connection between the murder of a famous female Eros member and other female chat members who suddenly dropoff line . After performing this good deed and offering some useful inputto the FBI to identify the killer , the book gets pretty farfetched ashe starts using his sister in law and then himself as bait to catch the maniac . This process is very drawn out and he comes off as a low moralindividual who grossly underestimates the intelligence of the killer.Often , it seems like Greg Iles is trying to write a book that willconvert nicely into a movie , with erotic sex scenes and spectacularconflagrations or accidents that will light up the screen , bringing the book to an unrealistic , but memorable ending .
 I 'm a huge fan of Greg Iles . I absolutely loved SP and BC , and was disappointed with Mortal Fear . First off , the first-person perspective got extremely annoying as I progressed through the book . First person perspective truly limits the development of other characters , since you are in the head of only one . In a novel of that length , I was sick of his character 's whining and pining over his sister-in-law ... please ! His `` bad guy '' was well done as usual , but the story was just another killer-thriller that clogs the fiction shelves of bookstores . I was hoping he could have gone the route of N. Stephenson 's `` Cryptonomicon '' , where high-tech meets history . Guess the money is in this ...
 This story does n't measure up to Greg Iles standard . I got the impression he added fluff to meet a word/page count . I found myself scanning without losing content .
 Hardcover is 563 pages . This whole story could probably been written in 100 pages and been a short story . It is full of nonsensical details and really lacking of a crisp story line . I found as it droned on that I could skim perhaps 10 pages at a time and not loose the story line -LRB- which was silly to start with -RRB- . And oh my , was it really needed to write every back and forth as they traded instant messages on EROS.The best part of the book takes place in the last 30 or so pages . But to tell you the truth , the best part for me when when I closed the back cover and said thank god it 's over.I really enjoy Greg Iles , but this one is a real stinker.I have no idea how some people can rate this book a five , they must have either a very sortid taste , or just want to see themselves in writen form .
 I find it hard to swallow that anyone would pay $ 1000 int . fee and a $ 500 monthly fee for a porn website . And ofcourse the main character is young and wealthy married to a doctor . Lives an a nice big farm . Everything was brandnamed . His computer is always called the Gateway 2000 , he drinks Tab ... and on .
 I ca n't believe I read the whole thing , but I did . 564 pages of plodding prose . Silly at times . I 'll give his others a read . Baywatch reruns would have been a better choice . : -RRB-
 I bought this book based on other recommendations and find that we really are all very different ! I could not finish this book . I did n't care about the characters and even the story line did n't tempt me.I read at least four books a week and ca n't remember the last time I put a book down without finishing it ! I 've also deleted all the other Iles book 's on my wish list .
 This book is awful . Apparantly there are a lot of people who have a high tolerance for the unreadable . It is boring and poorly written . You will not care about any of the characters . The ` Big Secret ' is so inane that you will be insulted by the fact that you are supposed to care . Trust me ... I read lots of books , and this is definitely one to pass on . DO NOT waste your time or money .
 I could not deal with the fuzzy type interspersed throughout this book . Select a standard type style and stick with it . Italics are OK ocassionally but these eyes rebelled to the point I stopped the book and asked a friend to try it.He had the same complaint ! Next time I encounter this style I will return the book for a full refund.As for the story , I will never know if it was any good.Other books I have read by the same author I liked very much.That includes Black Cross and Spandau Phoenix ; they were great reads .
 Jeepers , this was a hard book to stick with . It is not that there was not plenty of action . Iles never disappoints in that area . It just did not make a lot of sense and the characters were not believable . I have read all of Iles early works , then sort of got away from him . This book did not encourage me to find any others .
 this book came to me highly recommended , so it was a little disappointing . after reading it , i ca n't quite figure out why the author threw in the whole eros component . the service itself does n't make much sense -LRB- there 's lots of free internet porn out there , and if you 're living with someone who 's that possesive they 'll probably catch on to you either way -RRB- . it seems like the only people who would really be interested in it are famous people . and i do n't understan why the killer went through such pains to stalk people on eros . surely there 's an easier way for a doctor to get organs . for the first few practice surgeries why not just use homeless people ? it does n't matter if they have aids if it 's only practice . and he did n't use the service to find the real donors anyway . i also did n't have much sympathy for the main characters . all in all , it was n't bad , but i did n't think it was very plausible either .
 I read only one other Greg Isles mystery , 24 Hours , and it was fabulous -- I was listening to it and nearly missed my exit . But this one ? What a waste of pen and ink -LRB- and the narrator 's breath , as I had selected the audio version -RRB- . The characters were n't interesting , the story line was ridiculous , and ... well , it just a not good book .
 I have read most of Coben 's books and particularly enjoyed `` Tell No One '' and `` No Second Chance '' . In fact , I was so excited I ordered an autographed copy immediately upon learning of the book.I made a mistake . This book is very shallow and just not of the caliber of previous efforts.After 50 pages or so , I realized things would not likely get better and that proved to be accurate . In previous books , you can hardly wait to turn the page and hope the book never ends.In this one , you debate whether to turn a page or close the book.Just One Look is a good title , take a look and pass it by .
 This is my first Harlan Coben novel and though it was a page-turner at first it became improbable very quickly.By the end of the novel it seemed as though the author needed to wrap it up but he had forgotten how many sub-plots he had created . I was left confused and unsatisfied . It was almost as if a few pages had been ripped out of the book and I never got a plausible answer as to how everything fit together.It 's so hard to find a good author nowadays !!
 I had to force myself to finish this monstrosity . The storyline involving a strange photograph seemed like a good one at the start , but the nonsense about a riot at a rock concert years ago just did n't grab my attention the way the author intended . Sorry , just did n't work for me . I found the end of the story ridiculous too .
 Before we go any further , can someone please define the current definition of `` best-seller '' ? After the last three or four `` best-sellers '' I 've barely managed to finish , the line is looking a little blurry . Does an editor get to look at any of these books ? I do n't think so , judging from the college-level writing , punctuation and just plain silly plot-lines . Are we to believe that all the foo-fah-rah described in this `` book '' is over a stolen song ? Heartless hench-men paralyzing and killing innocent people ? Frustrated housewives chasing after the aformentioned assassin ? Mafia Dons strutting through the story ? All this for a stolen song ? After fighting my through all the pages of trite dialogue and `` wo n't someone think of the children '' baloney ... a stolen song ? Puh-leeze !
 This was my first Harlan Coben book and it was a page turner in that I was compelled to find out how all the strands of the story fit together . However , the book was frustrating in parts where Coben would digress into the minutiae of some of the characters lives and their thought processes ; I just wanted him to get on with the plot.The opening of the book grabbed my attention , but after a time the introduction of character after character was too much ; I was thankful that Beatrice Smith did n't make an appearance . I felt let down and disappointed when I finished the book . There was this sense of ` Is that it ? Was that all it was about ? '
 Had to put it down after just the first couple of chapters . Will probably throw it away . Typographical , grammatical , and expositional errors were so numerous that they became a complete distraction to enjoying the story . This novel is very poorly written and it appears that it was not edited at all.I do not recommend it , and I hate to give it the one star rating that I gave it .
 I loved the old Myron Bolitar Series . Read `` Deal Breaker '' or `` Drop Shot '' to see Coben at his best . Just my opionion -LRB- and maybe my taste . I hope he brings them back .
 I waited so long for a new book to come out by this author , who is one of my all time favorites . However , I can not begin to tell you how disappointing this book was . No where near the perfection of Coben 's previous novels .
 Harlan Coben is actually one of my favored authors , however , this book was a complete and utter let-down . Just the cover alone becomes annoying with the cutaway partial cover . The story itself was subpar after his past efforts . The characters are not interesting for the most part and everyone in the area seemed to be involved in the storyline . Eric Wu , the torturing villian , is a revisited character from one of his past books . Grace Lawson is your heroine with the character flaw of having a bad leg . Carl Vespa and Cran are the most underdeveloped supporting/main characters in the book -LRB- Coben would ramble on about other people 's backgrounds but left these two virtually without a history -RRB- . Cora , the best friend , is unimaginative as a supporting character . The plot is so convoluted and messy as to be nearly unacceptable . The diversions of guilt were poor , and the police investigators linked everything together too easily . The whole background on the photo , which is the focus of the plot , left the ending stagnant . I felt there were so many problems with this book , that I ca n't recommend it to anyone , which is sad because Coben is a splendid author and normally has some very interesting stories . `` Just One Look '' should be as hidden as the ridiculous plot of the book .
 I have a feeling that Coben 's high school creative writing teacher told him that you MUST have someone disappear and reappear as someone else or disappear and eventually come back as yourself . I have read the last 4 of Coben 's books and am surely seeing a trend.A pack of Photomat pictures has an extra one inserted from many years ago . Husband disappears on the night wife shows him the photo . Nice premise . However , this one fails to deliver.It hearkens back to a rock concert from 15 years ago when 18 young people were killed in a stampede caused by a gunshot . Who did what , when , where , and why is too mind-boggling . After finishing the book , I 'm still not sure what happened . Will probably pass on Coben 's next .
 When I ran across Coben and his Bolitar series , I bought the first three books and read them in sequence . I was hooked . Funny , excellently-plotted , and full of suspense , I even count TELL NO ONE as one of those books that influenced me to become a mystery writer . So it was with great relish that I snagged myself a copy of JUST ONE LOOK in order to , well , take a look.What resulted was an absolutely putrid piece of fiction . I 'm stunned , honestly , that my man Harlan could have written a book this bad . To call it sloppy would be an insult to sloppily-written books . JUST ONE LOOK is more than sloppy
 This book was just too unbelievable . Long married people who know nothing about eachother . A wife who is reluctant to approach her husband when she sees an `` old '' picture of him and another girl in a group of young people . Too many unrealistic subplots with `` surprise '' explanations which make little sense and are way too convenient . An old rock concert where many young people are killed and thier parents are still walking zombies unable to cope with their deaths 15 years later . A mafia `` sugar daddy '' savior who always appears at just the right time . It is all too mundane , like a soap opera , and boring . Harlan Coben has written some good books . I am presently reading `` The Innocent '' . I hope it does not end like `` Just One Look '' .
 Starts off good but then gets muddled in the middle . By the end I did n't really care about the characters or the story . The villain in the book seems infallible until the very end when he proves to be incompetent . Coben is a good author and I 've enjoyed most everything he has written , except this book .
 The plot is kind of thrilling if you can find it because is so long-winded that you can skip several pages in a row and never miss anything important .
 The story is good , the plot a bit overdone , but the manner of the author in speaking/writing about TJMax customers & condominiums , etc tells me he has these one liners he wants to impart on the public ... his own thoughts about the middle class -LRB- who are his readers ? -RRB- I wo n't bother to read him again .
 Here 's the deal . Harlan Coben must have fifty or so friends that give his books 5 star reviews . And any one star reviews , his friends say that they did n't help and it looks like the one star reviewers are wacko.This book blows as much as his other books blow . If you work hard for your money , do n't buy this book . It is not interesting . It is not entertaining . It is not worth the money . The internet allows the common folk to put a hack like Harlan Coben out of business . Do not buy this book , buy a Tom Wolfe book or how bout Nick Hornsby , those are good writers.Harlan Coben blows . Period .
 I 've always liked Harlan Coben 's books , but this one sure started out strange and immediately took off on several tangents.Set in New Jersey and the surrounding area , the main plot revolves around Grace Lawson who picks up a roll of developed film at the local Photomat and discovers an old picture stuck in the middle of the family photos . When her husband , Jack , sees the old photo of five people , he freaks , quickly leaves home and disappears . Grace goes to the police who pretty much dismiss her plea for help since her husband is ` of age ' and can do whatever he wants.Cora is a good friend of Grace 's , and a bit of a computer wizard , who tries to help Grace find Jack via the Internet.Eric Wu , a weird Asian monster , is killing or horribly disabling people with just his hands . Who is the mystery person who has hired him to do this ... and why?Charlaine is the neighbor of a skinny loner , Freddy Sykes , who Wu has left for dead in his bathtub . She suspects something sinister going on , calls the police , and takes off after Wu who ends up shooting her husband.With all the on-going subplots , you begin to wonder where this is all headed . But the author manages to tie everything together at the end . Do you know who you married ?
 I really liked this book and had a hard time putting it down . A break to read a chapter turned into five chapters.The ending , however , left me completely unsatisfied . I would not recommend this book .
 Grace Lawson picks up her developed roll of film only to find a strange 15 year old picture of her husband and friends stuck in the middle of the roll . When she confronts him with it he leaves the house and disappears without a trace . Drama involving bad guys ensues . The remainder can not be easily described because it is completely unbelievable , and not in a shocking suspensful way.This was my second attempt at a Coben book and I have confirmed that I 'm just not a fan . His books are mindless entertainment which is fine with me , but the plots are ridiculous to the point of distraction . Just One Look 's story is so contrived that it makes it difficult to enjoy . I 'm a big fan of the `` whodoneit '' genre , but Coben is not for me .
 After reading several books by Harlan Coben , I may have to nominate the man as the most underachieving writer in the business . Coben does have talent ; his dialogue is sometimes witty , his plots start out as interesting , and he can create a sense of tension that pulls the reader in right at the beginning of the book . Unfortunately , though , it seems that Coben typically runs out of steam after the first 40 or 50 pages of each book because after the initial set-up , his novels typically fall flat on their faces.Just One Look has a lot of the flaws that Coben 's other books share ; the characters are all stereotypes , the plotline seems soap opera-ish , and there 's just too much going on that has nothing to do with the main story line . The plot itself just is n't very interesting ; something happened at a rock concert a long time ago and a bunch of people got killed . It seems like something you 'd find in a young adult book aimed at teenagers , not an adult novel . Tied-in with this plot is the fact that a woman who was injured at the concert but survived now has to deal with the fact that her husband has disappeared . Once again , it just does n't grab us.Coben goes on for nearly 400 pages with long description of mundane topics such as breakfast cereal and video games . Action is going on as well , but it seems to have nothing to do with the main plot . Then , in the final 30 pages or so , Coben dumps about a dozen `` surprises '' on his readers which supposedly explain the whole book but in reality simply make the story far , far too complicated and extremely unbelievable . By the time we reach the end of the book , we neither know nor care what actually happened to these characters.My advice ? Give this book `` Just One Look '' -- a very quick one -- and then move on to something more interesting .
 I was turned off from the very first page of this book by the author throwing his `` Look at me ... I 'm hip with today 's pop-culture '' attitude in my face . It was not only non-original , but insulting.His writing reminded me of one of those parents that has all the answers and loves impressing his kids -LRB- and the neighbors ' -RRB- with every detail about them . Not one page went by without a plug for a current TV show , website -LRB- Did he REALLY just write an entire page on how email works ?! -RRB- , or a stereotypical suburban-housewife tool -LRB- is he getting a commission ? -RRB- . He has turned a modern , popular style of thriller writing -LRB- a la Da Vinci Code -RRB- into a sad and laughable clich&eacute; . I only decided to finish this book to see how bad it could be , and finally , he delivered . I can honestly say this is the worst book I 've ever read and have no idea what the back-cover reviewers were thinking when they decided to -LRB- earn some cash and -RRB- praise it . Sorry folks . Quite frankly , this book condescends the intelligence of the reader and goes to show how anybody can get published if they have the right connections or a few past successes .
 Within the first five pages , this book will have any suspense reader hooked on an intriguing premise - this is Coben 's trademark and one of his strengths as an author . Unfortunately , the rest of the book fails to hold up against the initial setup . Most of the book is a by-the-numbers recount of the heroine 's steps to unravel the mystery that her life has become . The results are surprisingly boring , especially by Coben 's standards . In the end the explanation of it all is buried under a heap of obligatory surprise twists that are as implausible as they are incomprehensible.The book also relies on a lot of Coben 's favorite themes , i.e. the secrets that permeate everone 's lives , family bonds and modern American suburban ennui . However , this time , the treatment of these themes seems like self-plagiarism . His writing is as crisp as ever , which further makes it a shame that the subject matter just is n't there.I highly recommend `` Gone for Good '' by Coben instead . It was an absolute thrill ride that I could n't put down .
 What a frustrating disappointment . I enjoyed Coben 's earlier work , but this one was truly frustrating and a let down . For those of you smokers out there , its like when you are out of smokes and then you find a stale one , you smoke it , and while you are disgusted by the taste you ca n't put it down.It took me over a month to finish this book , while I usually finish these ` novels ' in 2-3 days tops , and on occasion I 've finished entire books on long flights to Europe.The book is frustratingly complex , would it have killed Coben to start the book with a press clipping that describes what the Boston Massacre was all about ? Why make the plot lines so complicated . I 've sworn off the book and put on the bookshelf no less than 5 times , and in the interim I 've read three other books . But I keep coming back to finish it . . The most impressive characters ; CORA the sultry friend , Perlmutter the aloof police captain , and of course Grace . The lamest ; Eric Wu , Vespa , and Jimmy X. . Recommendation ; buyers beware , you will finish the book but you will hate every page of it . .
 I have enjoyed all of Coben 's work but this one certainly had me wondering what kind of changes success is making in his attitudes . I could n't decide who he had more contempt for
 If you 've never read one of Harlan 's books before you 'll enjoy it very much . If you 've read ANY of his books you 'll find it is just the same recycled story every time . Even one story was so close to the other one if you changed some of the names the rest had chapters that were identical .
 If only Harlan would go back to what he does best , that is writing about Myron Bolitar or at least , something clever and amusing . This latest offering by Mr. Coben is the most commercial and uninteresting book yet . He obviously wants to appeal to all the soccer and stay at home moms out there who want to read about one of their own involved in a mystery . However , we really do n't care about her , her husband or her neighbors . That 's what this book is about , with an Asian murderer thrown in . The characters are not worth reading , or caring about . It took me about 4 attempts to finally finish this mess . Do n't get me wrong , I love Harlan Coben books , having read them all , but this one is downright painful to read . Hopefully he will go back to his old style and former characters . However , if people keep clammering for this type of pap , then again , maybe he wo n't .
 Having devoured the past three or four Coben books , I found Just One Look to be extremely disappointing and frankly boring . I kept reading the book in the hope that Coben 's signature surprises and twists/turns would redeem the book . Unfortunately , such was not the case as the storyline is altogether implausible with characters that are hardly compelling . Finally , the story simply does not make sense . Hopefully , Coben 's next book will be return to his previous efforts.If you 're looking for other enjoyable authors pick up anything by Lee Child -LRB- Jack Reacher series -RRB- or Clinton McKinzie -LRB- Antonio Burns series -RRB- .
 Who cares ? Plot twists for their own sake just give you a headache . I good story where you care about the characters and care what happenes and why can benefit from such twists . But here , the twists are just to twist , like in a noose ! I 've read everything Harlan 's written . Looks like he owned his publisher one . Looks like he played games with his plot just to show you he could . Looks like he puts in irrelevant suburban details to add pages to the plot . Looks like you should Tell No One about this book . I hope his talent is n't Gone For Good . After reading this book you may consider No Second Chance . But if you Look Away ! you 'll be grateful . This Fade Shot may be a Deal Braker .
 This book was unbelievably bad . The author is a horrible writer and I have no idea how this made it onto the New York Times bestseller list . One of the things that made it especially frustrating was how he would constantly meander off topic to mention something completely mundane and unrelated to the plot . I specifically remember a dramatic chase scene in a supermarket where the author pauses to inform the reader why a supermarket keeps the milk and eggs at the back of the store.Because I was truly desparate for reading materiel , I finished this book . Trust me , it was not worth it . The characters were shallow and the scary mystery is not so scary after all . Avoid this book .
 I READ AUTHOR 'S OTHER NOVELS , AND PURCHASED THIS WITH ENTHUSIASM . WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT ... COULD NOT EVEN GIVE TO ANOTHER AS A ` FREEBIE ' - PUT INTO TRASH . READ TO THE END , HOPING FOR SOME DECENT SENSE . IT DID N'T MATERIALIZE AT ALL . HOPE AUTHOR TAKES STOCK OF HIS IDEAS , IN THE FUTURE , OR REFRAINS FROM ` HURRY-UP WRITING ' ...
 The plot was interesting , though overly complicated and difficult to untangle even at the the end . Finding out that virtually everyone ended up being guilty of something or other was not a satisfying end to a mystery , either.Perhaps because I listened to the -LRB- abridged -RRB- audio version of the book I felt there were gaps in the story that made it difficult to suspend disbelief . For example , the missing father 's children suffered no anxiety or related behaviors while their dad was missing , a goon was watching over them , and their mother ran around trying to solve the mystery . And that mother seemed to have inordinately long periods of free time to chase kidnappers between taking the kids to school and picking them up . The story was from the perspective of a mom , but written by a man who gives the impression of not knowing or just ignoring the real impact of children on the lives of adults or of disruption on the lives of kids . This made the kids and even the mother seem more like flat plot devices than real elements of a believable story . I had a hard time caring about any of them because they were just puppets.More importantly , I was turned off by the unrelenting , even gratuitous , use of graphically depicted bad-guy torture procedures . I eventually felt used , as a reader , strung along in a posture of cringing disgust at violence used apparently in order to keep the suspense up , when better characters and writing could have carried it instead . A little graphical yuk may be ok , but I was left feeling that what could have been a reasonably enjoyable story had left me unnecessarily worse off than before I started it.This is my first Coben book and I was hoping to have `` discovered '' a satisfying new author . I hope the other stories are written with a more discriminating hand .
 Is this the same Harlan Coben I 've come to know and love ? The Harlan Coben who gave us Myron Bolitar?Ugh.I 'm about halfway through `` Just One Look '' and ready to cast it aside . This reads like the first-draft , fourth-rate , churn - 'em - out dreck that litters bestseller lists -LRB- think Nora Roberts or Danielle Steel -RRB- . Where 's the trademark Coben snappy dialog ? the informed insider 's slant on topics like professional sports ? the twisting yet plausible plots ? the smart cynicism tinged with heart and style ? Where 's Big Cindy when we really need her?Harlan , we hardly knew ye .
 I am a fan of Coben 's Myron Bolitar series - always enjoyed all of them , but this thing is just not up to it . The plot is far-fetched , the main character does not ring true , and accuracy is off-center . The plot
 I enjoyed the writing and I was quickly drawn into the story . I was eager to find out what happened , but I was very disappointed in how the mystery was solved . Perhaps Coben was particularly rushed or uninspired when he was writing the second half of this book . I stayed in it for the pay-off , but there was none.There is actually a scene that reads like an episode of Scooby-Doo , in which the answer to the biggest mystery , solved off-stage , is revealed to the culprit.I do n't mind that the scary guy is Korean , but since people do n't know his name , they -LRB- and therefore , the author -RRB- repeatedly refer to him only as `` the Asian man . '' Gracious.I 'm curious enough to read another Coben book because I enjoy the `` my life is n't what I thought it was '' premise , but I hope I wo n't be wasting my time .
 A lousy book . Having read the three books by Harlen Coben before this , I was relishing digging into this one . Those books kept me on edge -- I literally could n't stop turning the pages.This one , however , was a chore to get through . The continuity was horrible . The characters were n't very likeable . And the plot twists were , well , too twisty , like when you twist a piece of taffy too much and it gets so thin it falls apart . That 's exactly what happens to this plot . It just falls apart.Somebody -LRB- it could n't have possibly been the talented author of the previous novels , could it ? -RRB- overworked this one to death !
 When I was about halfway through this book , I knew something was not right with it . Since Coben is a favorite of mine , I kept wondering
 My first Coben book was a disappointment . The storyline started pretty good for this reader , but somewhere along the middle I got bored and realized I made a bad choice .
 In the end , the characters are just not believable . Enjoyed the first third of the book and had to push myself to finish it . I would n't recommend it to anyone .
 i was really excited starting this book with really high expectionas , but was disappointed . it started off pretty slow , and when i finally thought it was starting to pick up , it did n't go anywhere . finally i put it down , and didnt go back to it .
 This guy needs to go take a creative writing class.The plot is somewhat interesting , but the writing style is rough . Coben constantly interrupts the story , going off on some insanely boring tangent , with no relation to the plot.When he introduces a new character , he buries us with pages of the character 's biography . Throughout the novel , he puts us to sleep by dedicating several paragraphs to minutiae , such as the entire morning routine of a mother that has to feed her children and send them off to school -LRB- 3 pages ! -RRB- . I guess he does n't have enough to say , and has to fill the pages with something.This book could have used a good editor .
 Grace Lawson was just a normal housewife until the day she picked up some pictures at the photo shop and found an old picture of her husband in college with four other co-eds whom Grace does n't know . That night , Grace 's husband , Jack , rushes off without explanation . Grace knows he is in danger and accumulates a group of unlikely allies to assist in the search for Jack against the comically caricature villain of Eric Wu.Really ... that 's it . Coben could n't have been any more clearly writing this with the movie contract foremost in his mind . Between the bad prose , the inane plot , and the tacky corporate product placement , this one is a complete waste of paper .
 I 've loved all 10 of Coben 's previous novels , but this one is utterly AWFUL . It is convoluted and several notches below his usually high standards . Miss it.Maybe , with Connelly & Crais returning to their bread & butter characters , Coben should consider giving us a new Myron Bolitar mystery .
 In my opinion , Harlan Coben 's writting style is , unfortunately , a tad sophomoric . I hate to say it because I respect the fact that he actually wrote a book which is a huge accomplishment . In fact , he has written quite a few books . But honestly , his writing style kept me from getting very far into the book . I do n't know , others might like it , I do n't . Here are some excerps and you can judge for yourself : `` Linda Morgan , the United States attorney , leaned against the back wall trying to give off the ease of Sinatra against a lamppost . Standing behind the prisoner were two beefy , nearly identical prison guards with tree-stump arms and chests like anitque armoires ... Scanlon 's lawyer , a ferret reeking of checkout-counter cologne , rounded out the group . '' `` Scanlon looked like an aging playboy who might have squired a Gabor sister in the fifties ... His graying hair was slicked back , his teeth cigarette yellow , his skin leathery from midday sun and too many long nights in too many dark clubs . '' -LRB- and that 's only 2 pages in -RRB- I think a college professor might give him an `` A '' for his use of metaphors , similes and adjectives . I however found it to be overdone and in the end too destracting to even get through the novel . I think I will stick with the likes of Jeffery Deaver , Patricia Cornwell , David Baldacci , Ken Follett , etc. . Turned out to be not my cup of tea .
 I have read several Bolitar books , and a few of Coben 's stand-alone books . This one falls into his `` middle-class thriller '' genre , where people just like you and me find themselves thrown into mysterious and/or deadly plots . The set-up of the plot is fine , but there are so many red herrings and tangled plot threads that it becomes hard to keep up with where Coben is taking us . At the end you 'll be saying `` huh ? '' or maybe `` duh . `` I got the feeling I was being `` written down to , '' as if he were trying too hard to show that he knows all about what life is like for parents and kids in suburbia . And you 'll note that he makes more than one reference to characters in his Bolitar series . This one is not worth the time you 'll take to read it .
 I do n't know how to start , but I 'll just dive in ... this book is passable at best . This was my first foray into any Coben and it just left me wishing I would either have started with a different book or watched Jersey Shore instead -LRB- yes , it 's that much of a waste of time -RRB- . If you like more than a platoon of characters using more than two sentences to flesh them out is not even necessary -LRB- saying their cardboard cutouts is too generous , cardboard is much too thick -RRB- is your style coupled with pedestrian -LRB- at best -RRB- writing ... I suppose this is the book for you . Saying that there is hardly anything or anyone worth caring about in this books is saying too much . No real story telling at work here either . No doubt you could sit and rip through it , skimming much of it , although I kept my discipline and read every word -LRB- to my chagrin -RRB- , and not find it the time sink I did . Hook ? Not really much of one and once it 's totally revealed you just sit there and say , `` that 's it ? '' . And twist , good Lord , if this is what his audience likes then more power to them . In the end , Just One Look appeared to me to be something that the author just churned out for some contractual obligation . I will say this -- Just One Look , well , that 's one look too many . There 's a lot of self-published stuff better than this .
 I want to start out by saying that I am a HUGE fan of Lupica 's other works , but this one is not one I would ever recomend to anyone . The story is well written and has his signature style , humor , and plot twists ; but was way too disturbing for my tastes . If you want this story watch an episode of Oz . If you want a really good read stick to the Peter Finely or Jack Molloy series .
 Lupica is at the very least consistent . He is consistently bad.Story lacked depth and intrique to keep a reader interested . Recommend if you having trouble with a sleep disorder .
 The basic concept of Lupica 's latest is a strong , i.e. , hazing and murder in a small town . However , Lupica 's execution of the plot is fairly slow-moving and predictable , and his characters are devloped with little depth . They are one-dimensional at best , making it difficult for me to care much about what happened to them . Given the blurbs from two authors I like a lot -LRB- Harlan Coben and Robert Parker -RRB- , I had high expectations for Too Far and had moved it to the top of my `` to-be-read '' list . As you can see , though , from my comments above , my disappoint in this book is obvious and I will not be rushing out any time soon to read another book by Lupica . Do yourself a favor and skip this book .
 The cover blurbs mentioned `` plot twists '' , `` mystery '' , and `` suspense '' . In fact , it 's very linear and -LRB- spoiler alert ? -RRB- everything happens EXACTLY as you think it will . I kept waiting for the twists but they never came . I like books about athletes , athletic team dynamics , and youth sports issues , so this looked appealing . Not a bad read , but pretty ho-hum .
 In Mike Lupica 's latest novel , `` Too Far , '' we are presented with an interesting concept
 I 've now read almost all of the Alan Gregory series , and have liked most of them . This one did n't do it for me . White has said that the next Gregory novel will be the last , and I think that 's a wise choice on his part.I particularly did n't like his character development of the ultimate villain , probably because he chose to develop that character in just a few pages at the end of the book.On a side note , if you 're new to Stephen White , I suggest you try to read this series in order . White has a nasty habit , in his later books , of lengthy references to characters and events from earlier books . Yes , some authors do that , but White seems to do it more than most , and I find it annoying .
 I 'm a reader who enjoys trying to `` put the pieces together '' as I make my way through a good mystery . This book frustrated me by making sudden , jolting turns through the plot and then it pulled the rug out from under me at the end . On the plus side , it 's an easy read and suffices for an afternoon of sheer escapism . Think Grisham with a graduate-level psychology degree .
 Other than that , I found `` Manner of Death '' a dull read . I found the characterization shallow , the interrelationships between the characters unbelievable , and the premise for the murders -- and who the murderer is -- hard to buy into . There is no suspense to speak of , except for a short scene involving a private plane . If it were n't for the fact it is set in Boulder , CO , I would not have finished it .
 If you go to the Q. & A. section of White 's web page you can read about his not really knowing what will happen in one of his books until the characters reveal that to him during his writing . Manner of Death was a good example of that revelation . The first 350 pages offered little in support of the culmination of the novel . If as a reader you hope to be able to put the pieces of the puzzle together along the way , you are out of luck here . There are no pieces to put together until the very end and unfortunately those that do get put together at the end are not at all intriguing or memorable .
 I have read five previous reader reviews and wonder if we all read the same book . I read more than I ever want to about psychology -LRB- the central character 's internship particularily -RRB- and was utterly nauseated by his puppy dog devotion to his earlier lover , Sawyer . Reading about his panting over his upcoming meeting with her after 15 years got tiresome -- what a wuss !! I do n't want to spoil the ending for anyone , but it came out of the blue on page 340 -LRB- out of 350 total pages -RRB- This book was at least 100 pages too long , and most of those involved his mindless devotion to his earlier lover , Sawyer . Get a life !!
 I must admit I 'm only 1/4 of the way through this book but I 'm rooting for the unknown killer to put Gregory out of his -LRB- our -RRB- misery . He is pompous , arrogant , and condescending to his wife . He knows everything about everything and is skeptical of the FBI agents who are trying to tell him something . I would have said , `` fine buddy , you 're on your own '' and let him get fried , drowned , shot or whatever . Like these two FBI agents do n't have better things to do then BEG this pompous ass to let them help him . What a wind-bag ! No wonder Sawyer dumped him .
 I bought this book thinking it was a little different than the average mystery -LRB- Patterson , Cornwell , etc. , although great authors -RRB- , as far as being more toward a `` literature '' nature , from the reviews I have read.The book at first was scary , especially when you first come upon the culprits of the childs ' murders ; it gives you the creeps.But unfortunately , the book sells out and is , indeed , just another mystery off the drugstore bookshelf . There is no irony or profundity that I was expecting . The ending just made me say `` So what ? '' What is so fascinating here ? There was really no element of surprise . It is predictable when you find out who the killers are ; big deal after that . It also is unnessessarily sadistic describing the children 's torture , which does not add anything thrilling to the story , it just makes it , well , sadistic for its own sake . Also , I felt the author was too negative of women
 This book hooked me on the first page , with its description of just what winter is like in Algonquin Bay , Ontario , in what even Canadians call `` the North . '' John Cardinal is a police detective with a Past and a string of murders of adolescents to solve . His partner is Lise Delorme , six years in Special Investigations -LRB- i.e. , political cases and what we in the U.S. would call Internal Affairs -RRB- , whose assignment is to investigate Cardinal , as well as to help solve the murders . So far , so good . Blunt gets you into Cardinal 's mind , into the personality of this frozen little town , into the relationship between the local cops and the RCMP ... and then he blows it completely . One-third of the way into the story , he tells you who the killer is . A serious error on the part of the author . What began as a potentially first-rate murder mystery degenerates into a mediocre thriller . At the two-thirds mark , I gave it up .
 O Canada , your Ontario setting was the only good thing in this novel . Everything else was ... well , blunt . Come on , Canadians ; the stereotype is that you 're rather witty - act like it ! -LRB- D -RRB-
 I read all of the Sookie Stackhouse books in about a week . I thought they were the most original and entertaining work I have read in quite a while . When I ran out of them , I moved on to this series thinking it would be just as good . I am sorry to say I was disappointed . While the characters are more realistic , the plot made no sense . I do n't want to give it away , but I feel like Harris built up a good mystery only to provide a conclusion that had no thought . I 'll probably read the next one just to see if it gets any better just because I liked the vampires so much .
 I read it a week ago , and can hardly remember it . The young woman in this episode seems old . It is totally realistic , and as boring as every day life . I would recommend this book to someone who does not enjoy fantasy .
 Hated it ! Harper is no Sookie and no fun . What a dark dreary , almost uninteresting read . There were no characters you could like . Harper and Tolliver were uncaring and clueless about their true feelings . Will not read any more of this series . Bring back Sookie !
 This was the first Harper story I read and it was dull . I enjoyed the Sookie story series . I wo n't be buying any more stories with this character . She just bored me and was pretty pathetic .
 I was very disapointed in this book . I 've really enjoyed her other books and was looking forward to this one coming out . I kept reading the book hoping it would get better . Was very let down .
 OK - You have read the reviews and know what this book is about . However , I found it rather disturbing , and then when I read something -LRB- you will read below -RRB- I just put it down and I was done . I read ALOT and love mysteries . I kept hearing about this author and requested this book at the library and began to read immediately . As I kept reading , I got more and more disturbed with this character , Harper . Here are some examples.First of all , the relationship she has with her stepbrother is CREEPY ! My husband has a twin sister and I kept reading excerpts from the book to him regarding this relationship . His response was laughter and a WOW . Just one example is - and remember this is her stepbrother ! - `` I loved hugging Tolliver , who was bony and hard and warm . I loved to listen to the air going in and out of his lungs , the swoosh of his heart . '' They call each other honey and really have a creepy relationship in my book.Another thing that bothers me is her nonchalant attitude about the dead . This bothered me - she was talking about her worst dead find , which was a baby . then she said , `` But mostly it 's not so bad , Mostly it 's girls who do n't come home , or older people who run away . Sometimes abducted kids - '' REALLY ! That 's not so bad !!!! She is a freak !!! And here was the part of the book that made me stop reading this garbage.She was jogging and 3 guys in a truck pull up , block her way and get out of the truck . She asks them if they are going to rape her - they say No and this is what she thinks in her head . ` Of course real men should be ready to have any sort of sex , any time . So if they did n't want to rape me , I must not be desirable ' . -LRB- p. 113 -RRB- SERIOUSLY !!!!!!!!!! ????? !!! I wo n't be reading any more of her trash !!
 Let me first state that I really wanted to like this book . Not because I 've enjoyed other series by this author -LRB- although I have -RRB- but because I truly thought the premise behind it was a good one.I can be very forgiving when it comes to books ... I realise that not every book by the same author is going to have the same success as it 's cousin . And every author has an off `` book '' ... where they just ca n't seem to bring it all together.This is Charlaine Harris ' `` off '' book.The book starts off promisingly enough , with a good set-up and an intriguing first few pages . However , shortly after the first 10 pages it goes downhill.Harper is presented as a woman with a gift , who 's had a traumatic upbringing -LRB- riches to rags -RRB- and been sold down the river by her mother . Her step-brother Tolliver is in the same boat , with his father having discovered drink and drug shortly before discovering Harper 's mother . Somehow , we are expected to believe these 2 children single handedly raise their 2 younger sisters -LRB- who are mentioned almost passingly and have no real reason for being as it relates to the story -RRB- and that , when Harper is struck by lightning , Tolliver assumes a paternal/husband type role with her . OK , weird ... but OK , I can forgive this.Then we get into the presentation of their relationship ... we 're supposed to buy that Harper is strong enough to withstand what she sees and be mature enough about herself to be on her own but , throughout the entire book she does nothing but behave as though she were a petulant 7 year old who just had her lollipop taken away . Tolliver , who spends a good majority of the book vascillating between over-bearing husband-figure and self-sacrificing brother who has been saddled with caring for his disabled sister , seems to be more like a handsome plot device than caring sibling-type . It 's almost as though this book were more a giant device for presenting Ms Harris ' ability to work through her own issues than an actual work of fiction that could be accepted as `` viable '' . Again , I really wanted to like this book ... but , by page 50 , I had already picked out the bad guy , worked through my own `` Daddy issues '' along with all the other women in the book and had managed to develop an almost hatred for the inter-reactions of Tolliver and Harper.I 'm going to try another series and see if it appeals to me ... but if not , I at least know Ms Harris does have talent in other series ... and I can always re-read those .
 I really liked the Sookie Stackhouse series so figured this one would be good as well . WRONG . Boring characters , boring plot . It took a lot of effort just to finish this book.This is a terrible series . Of course now that I have gotten through the last few Sookie books , I begin to think the good ones in that series were just a fluke . Charlaine Harris is grossly over-rated and is really a below-average writer .
 I usually enjoy Charlaine Harris so much , and was excited to read a new series . I did finish this book , but I never connected with the characters . The story was n't edgy enough . The characters were n't charming or funny . I had a difficult time making myself finish , secretly hoping something wonderfully exciting would happen and save the story . This one is definately not my favorite Harris book . Do n't waste the time , just re-read one of the Sookie Stackhouse books , it 's much more fun !
 I love Harris 's book but I have to sya that I was very disappointed with this one . I thought it had a very interesting premis but it just did n't pan out . Also the editor did a terrible job going over this book . There were typos in the dialogue , parts of conversations just made no sense .
 Given Harris ' tremendously popular and enjoyable Sookie Stackhouse series , perhaps my expectations were too high when I picked up Grave Sight . This book is completely forgettable , unimaginative , and just one of the many hundreds of mediocre paranormal novels that have been published recently . Definitely not worth purchasing . Grave Sight was impossible to really `` get into '' ; whereas a reader could lose him/herself in the Sookie Stackhouse series , this book was stilted and predictable with stereotypical characters . Three of the main characters -LRB- Tolliver , Harper , and Hollis -RRB- were just plain unlikable . The plot moved at a snail 's pace and involved lots of extraneous and unnecessary scenes . While Ms. Harris had a difficult job trying to create a lead female character distinguishable from Sookie Stackhouse , her efforts fell flat . It is hard to identify with Harper Connelly , much less want to hear more about her . This is one series I wo n't be following.Bottom line
 I am an avid reader and enjoyed the Sookie Stackhouse series . Anxious to find another book or book series to read , I decided to give the Harper Connelly series a go.Wow.I will say that I read all three books with hopes that maybe it was a fluke that the first book was God awful . It was not a fluke . In all three books , the `` bad guy '' is so ridiculously obvious , I had the entire plot line figured out the first page said evil doer was introduced . I kept reading hoping that I was wrong , that it would have some sort of twist , some sort of anything ... It did n't . By book 3 , as painful as it was to keep reading , it was also amusing to see just how quicly and accurately I could sum up the plot line ... since the only plot `` twist '' that we all saw coming from book one.If you want to repeatedly read about the effects of being struck by lightning , criticisms of her `` brothers '' bad complexion -LRB- perhaps related to the copious amounts of fast food and coke they indulge on ? -RRB- , the same traumatic childhood story over and over , and not have one surprise in an entire 3 book series , then this is for you!If you like your books to have a little meat , or if you do n't want to basically read a trashy romance novel with a `` bad guy , I see dead people '' flair to it , then I would skip it !
 After reading the Southern Vampire Novels , I was eager to try Ms. Harris ' new series . I agree with another reviewer who felt the premise of the book was interesting , but the execution was lacking . Yes , Harper Connelly has the ability to find dead bodies since being struck by lightning at the age of 15 . Yes , she makes her living with that talent and travels the country with her stepbrother Tolliver . However , this book did n't deliver the entertainment value I expected.The plot is dull - a mystery anyone could figure out half way through the book . This leaves the reader to slog through the rest of a story that lacks any entertaining characters or action.All we know about Harper Connelly by the end of this book is that she 's sad , lonely , has an unusual talent and a rather creepy , co-dependent relationship with her stepbrother . Unlike Sookie Stackhouse , Ms. Harris gives us nothing about Harper to make her sympathetic or likeable . Harper and her brother spend too much time interacting with each other in the story and there are too few other characters to add much interest.I get the impression that Ms. Harris , like many popular writers , is under pressure to crank out books as fast as possible . It 's a pity because she 's capable of much better than the effort reflected in this story . She simply did n't do Harper Connelly justice .
 This is a very dark book-even darker than the Lily Bard series . I have always enjoyed Ms. Harris ' books-especially the humor and characterizations of the characters . None of that was present in this book-it was populated with deeply negative characters and the storyline itself was negative and depressing.I found the intense-and borderline psychotic-neediness and dependency of Harper to be very unattractive and unsettling . I , like previous reviewers , just do n't like weak , needy women .
 While this book about a woman who can sense dead bodies and see the how they died , is from one of my favorite authors , I have to agree that it did n't keep my attention like her `` Dead '' series . I agree with most reviewers , that I was uncomfortable with the relationship she has with her stepbrother . I know they depend on each other , but I thought at any minute they can jump each other and it gives me the creep out factor . The book was an easy read , but I was n't sure I enjoyed the experience . If this is the beginning of a new series , I 'll probably wait until it comes out on paperback before picking it up . I came away from this book not really caring about the main character , unlike Sookie -LRB- who I ca n't get enough of ! -RRB- . Sorry , just not a great book overall .
 Having read all the Southern Vampire Mystery Books , I considered myself a fan of Charlaine Harris 's writing style . I needed something to fill the void after the latest SVM book , so I moved on to the first book of the Harper Connelly Mysteries.However , after the first five chapters , I found myself bored ; it was obvious to me who the murderer -LRB- s -RRB- were going to be , and the characters seemed really one-dimensional . But , I decided to stick it out because I believe Grave Sight would get better , as the premise was interesting . In my opinion , the book did not.One of the things that I really disliked about the book was the main character , Harper Connelly . I found her manner curt and grating , and she appears weak . Harper 's life just takes up space . I have no idea about her motivations , her hopes , etc. . Also , it really rubbed me the wrong way how much she needed others . Reading about her shaking and crying and wanting to be next to her step-brother was just intolerable.Yes , I understand that Harper 's manner was supposed to be the product of years of abuse and neglect -LRB- so therefore , I do n't fault Ms. Harris for trying -RRB- . But , the character herself was completely unlikable . She gives off so much negative energy , and consequently I could not enjoy the book . I like main characters that I can root for , but I did n't find one in Harper . I regret that I will not be continuing the series .
 I 've read all of Charlaine Harris ' Sookie Stackhouse books and although the first book was a little hard to get through , they continued to get much better and I loved the series as a whole . So I was excited to start on this series even after reading some not-so-great reviews . I was not impressed ... at all . It started out good . I had high hopes . But the bad guy was soooooooooooo obvious right from the beginning . The jail time story line was a page filler at best . This book is not terribly long to begin with and it could have been cut in half without losing any important information . I enjoyed the two main characters , Harper and her brother . I plan to read the next book in this series hoping that they will improve like the sookie stackhouse series did . But this book was a disappointment .
 Easy and quick read , but a very predictable plot . Was hoping for more twists but I guess that I will just have to wait until summer for the next Sookie book !
 I found this book hard to stay with . It was dull , boring , and I had the killer and the plot figured out before I was half way through the book . Such a disappointment after reading the Sookie books .
 This book did not live up to my expectations of the author . I really enjoy the Southern Vampire books , and this was no where near as entertaining . The story is plodding , even the action is monotone , the characters have lots of potential , but are dimly painted and i just could n't care for them , the plot is predictable , the motives obvious but unrealistic , a blatant knockoff of Laurell K Hamilton 's Anita Blake ... all in all this was a sad attempt at mystery writing . This book gave me so little , i ca n't even give more of a review . If you must read it , please borrow from the library .
 Coming with great enthusiasm from the sookie books , I was hoping to find an equally as good series to start reading . Although the book is well-written and interesting to those who enjoy this stuff , this genre just does n't do it for me . It 's more detective story than I expected , and it was slow-goin ' for me . This Sookie fan was disappointed . P.S. - there is nothing romantic about this book . At all . And no sexual tension between the two main characters .
 I think Vicki nailed it in her ` great premise , bad execution ' review . After I saw the story was spinning it 's wheels I skipped to the end and did not miss much . What I did miss was rehashed and the ending was just to obvious .
 I realize that America in general is not becoming a country of wisdom and intellect -- our schools are a prime example of that as we focus more on being able to fill out a bubble sheet correctly than on actual learning . However , to assume that everyone in the country is ignorant really gets my blood boiling . One of the most recent examples of that is the lackadaisical editing found in most of today 's modern novels . Do they really think we 're not going to notice all the errors in the books we read?Case in point
 What a bunch of drivel ... the main character could n't have a drier , more uninteresting personality if she were a soda cracker ! Beyond being totally predictable as a mystery , the rude , dismissive , and completely cold and colorless attitudes of the two &#34; siblings &#34; made this book almost unreadable . Why should the reader care about anything in this book when the humorless main character barely can bring herself to care acout anything but herself ? The characters in this book , with the possible exception of the policeman , are ridiculously flat and self absorbed . I 've never felt the need to write a review before , but I could n't let go of the irritation that felt reading this . The most irritating thing about it is that it could have been executed so much better by an author who even pretended to appreciate her readers by inserting even an ounce of personality into her characters . I felt like I needed to wash the dust off my hands after reading this formulaic and shallow piece of ... work .
 One thing that I have to say is that it is a fast read . Besides that the book is a total letdown . First off , I kept reading it thinking it is going to get more interesting but sadly it did not . The characters are extremely uninteresting and undeveloped . The main character was hit by lightening at a young age and now can sense the dead . Besides that , that is truly all we learn about her . Oh and she has a strange fascination with her brother . Then the book takes place in the most boring town that sets the backdrop for the whole book . And lastly , you know who did it from the very beginning but you keep reading in order to find out why he did it . And the reason on why he did it is not even that plausible . I am truly sad to say that I read this book .
 I am book worm in a readers block . I loved the Sookie Stackhouse Series and enjoyed Twilight . I am an avid reader and have been downloading sample of some books for the last 2 weeks . I decided to give a try to Charline Harries first book of the series Grave Sight . I must say that at the point I reached 50 % exactly on my Kindle I started screaming in frustration . I figured out the answer to the obvious mystery . I would not recommend this book , if you are looking to continue after Sookie or Bella , it 's a very fast pace book with a bunch of filling in between pages . Charlaine is a great writer it 's a fast read and its not a heavy book , but honestly it 's a very weak mystery .
 I really LOVED the Sookie books , but this series was horrible ! Boring was the plot , boring were the characters . And the inconsistencies about drove me nuts ! First Nell was `` under age '' but she was in her last year of highschool . Then the book said she was 16 and a few chapters later , she was 17 -LRB- but no birthday had taken place -RRB- . I love Charlaine Harris but I am very detail oriented and her inconsistencies when she writes drive me crazy ! Then , apparently , a man kills half the town because he finds out that his two kids were having a child together . Come on ! When the book FINALLY ended and I found out the reason for the killings I could not believe how stupid this book was . Very disappointed .
 A lighting strike survivor , Harper Connelly has the unusual ability to find dead people and read their cause of death . She and her partner Tolliver turned it into a business -- traveling on the road as they work cases . Not everyone is accepting of her ability , some thinking her a fraud . The law enforcement cases are the worst -- the cops are more skeptical of her power and the cause of death is more often a horrible foul play.I love the Sookie Sackhouse novels and thought I 'd give Harris ' other series a try . Boy , was I disappointed with this book . Grave Sight started well . At first I was interested and the story was moving along . But then as I got to know the main character Harper she completely got on my nerves . Yes , I understand she came from alcoholic parents so that is supposed to explain why she was so completely unable to do anything for herself and was completely dependent on her stepbrother . Then time and time again , she made ridiculous decisions putting her life in danger . I almost put the book down thinking nobody could be so dumb . But I kept slogging along hoping it would get better . And then would n't you know at the ending , the guy I figured was the bad guy from the very beginning turned out to be the bad guy . How 's that for a mystery ? Sheesh ! I should n't be able to figure it out so quickly . *** EDIT/ADDITION : I went out of town on a trip and someone loaned me book two as an audio book . I was very pleasantly surprised . Harper was much less annoying -- I actually started to like her -- and the book ended up being a good read . So then I went on to book three , which was GREAT ! Tons of twists and turns and a great mystery . If you want to give this series a try , I suggest skipping book one and starting with book two . Book two gives you some catch up anyway , so you wo n't be lost .
 Overall , I liked the book ok , but it certainly was n't on of my favorites . I found myself pretty bored through most of the book until about the last quarter of the book . I never felt any connection to any of the characters in the book . I found Harper to be a little annoying and her personality was very flat . I felt the book really never got into their personalities enough to make me feel anything towards them whatsoever , which made it hard to really get into the book . I actually felt like I had started the series in the middle or something because it never gave any detail about the two main cahracters at all and I felt I was missing something most of the time . There was hardly any background at all.I thoguht I would give these a try after reading the Sookie Stackhouse series . The characters in that series were great and I felt for them , whether I liked them or not . In this book I really could care less about anyone in it . That is what made it not so good for me.I have n't decided yet whether I will read the second book or not .
 I am 63 % of the way through with Charlene Harris ' Grave Sight and I have no interest in finishing the reading of this novel . There is no mystery here ; there is no suspense , no drama , and no romantic interest . All of the characters are duds , just like the supposed heroine , except for her ability to find dead bodies and relive their final moments of life before death claims them . Obviously , Charlene Harris was not struck by lightening when she came up with this bad idea .
 I 've read all of the Sookie series , and love the writers humor , unique wit , and creative style.Unfortunately this seriers is not as fun or uplifting as I 'd hoped . The writing is good , the mystery also is really good , maybe it 's just the subject matter ... finding people who are not lost but dead , beyond hope , most of the people the hero deals with detest them , etc. ... I will finish the series because I bought them , but wo n't buy anymore . Having lost my own child and a husband who deals with exploited/missing children professionally , brought back too many bad feelings .
 I love Charlaine 's Sookie Stackhouse series . Based on the love of that series , I decided to give this series a chance . Sadly , this series is such the same story over and over again , with some small changes here and there . I read 3 books from this series and the last one made me yawn.Not that much fun .
 Like many other reviewers , I 'm a fan of the Sookie Stackhouse series . You get sexy vampires , violent murders , comedy , and Sookie . Sookie is the main reason to enjoy the series ; she 's just such a likable gal , despite everything.Not so Harper , the protagonist of this series . She 's depressed -LRB- or seems to be -RRB- , deeply cynical , and just plain negative . In real life I find these sorts of people draining . OK , so maybe it makes for a well-rounded character of depth , but really , is such a person enjoyable to be around?I think I 'm going to skip the rest of the series and try one of Harris ' other books .
 A fan of Charlaine Harris ' early Southern Vampire mysteries , I thought I would begin another of her series , but by page 2 , I realized I should n't have wasted my time . The characters in Grave Sight are unlikable , unmemorable and unbelievable - particularly the townspeople of Sarne , who are annoyingly one-sided in their negative reactions toward Harper and her brother . I did not engage with Harper , the narrator , because she lacked personality and willpower . Spunky Sookie Stackhouse , in contrast , was honest , ingratiating , charmingly stubborn and the perfect combination of innocence and sensuality.While the general idea - that the protagonist has a special insight into people 's deaths - was intriguing , the plot quickly fizzled into a predictable and anticlimactic finish . The forced relationship between Harper and young cop Hollis had none of the appeal for me that Bill and Sookie 's did - Harris seems to have included it only for convenience 's sake , and as a welcome distraction from the strange -LRB- and at times , uncomfortably touchy-feely -RRB- relationship between Harper and her brother.Harris was obviously in a hurry to introduce a new series with a female protagonist , but Harper Connelly 's first mystery was n't worth the read . Stick with Sookie .
 For anyone who has read as many books of this genre as I have , they may find this book a bit predictable , cliche , and boring . There are a lot of moments where I could n't help but roll my eyes as I 'm sure a lot of other readers will do the same as the author 's only purpose of writing this book was to somehow start a romance between a step-brother and step-sister . She might as well have made it more interesting and made it about a full brother and sister just so the book could be a bit more entertaining . The way the author makes the character feel and for what reason , and how she acts is inconsistent . Harper has a tough as nails exterior and a `` been there/done '' that attitude but she faints at the first murder she finds . She talks about how the way the person dies does n't usually bother her and how she 's seen so many murders , hardly anything surprises her anymore but she faints because she found a body that had been running from a murderer who shot her twice ? Stupid . Wow ... how exciting . And she wakes up to her step brother holding her close to his chest saying , `` oh baby wake up ! '' whatever ... charlaine harris tried way too hard in this book . i was about to keel over with boredom ... i will not pick up another charlaine harris book . And I agree with another reviewer when they said her writing seemed amateur-ish . It 's like she wrote it all in one day and did n't proof-read anything . Bland as white toast . I 've heard a lot of good things about this author , and I 've heard her Sookie Stackhouse books are great . If that 's true , she got lazy on this book .
 Grave Sight is the first book in the Harper Connelly series ; Harper can find dead people and can see their last moments . Her and her brother Tolliver get paid to help people find their dead loved ones or tell them what their last moments where like . Harper is weird and not the good kind of weird . Nothing about her makes sense and I found myself not really caring what happens to her . I could n't connect with her at all , she was dull and at times I thought that she was just plain stupid . Her relationship with her brother Tolliver was just not healthy , he is in the middle of getting it on with some chick and he kicks her out so that he can go sit with his sister during a storm . I know that Harper has problems with storms but really , that 's just not normal . I could n't connect to any of the other characters either and when I got done reading the book my response was what the hell this book was even about . It did n't even take five minutes for me to forget about it . I know that Harris is a good writer , but this book really did not show it .
 After reading Harris ' Sookie and Aurora series , I was excited to meet Harper . I will NOT be reading another Harper book . The plot was lame - through the entire book the reader finds themselves asking `` WHY are you staying in this town ??? '' Then , Harper and her brother finally decide to leave , only to agree to a last meeting with the townsfolk . The meeting is predictably a trap that Harper manages to escape from.If you are dimwitted you will like this book .
 Harper is no Sookie . I love the Sookie Stackhouse books , and was excited to read these , but I had to force my way through Grave Sight . Harper is whiney and moody and all she ever wants to do is `` get out of this town '' . Tolliver , her brother is not any better.These characters definitely do n't have much appeal . I read the 3rd book first and liked it better . Mainly because there was some relationship tension between the 2 characters.I was n't entertained .
 I did n't care much for the book at all . Infact , I ca n't really think of anything I did like about it . I did n't care much for Harper 's character . I found her annoying and her reaction towards her brother 's one night stands are somewhat creepy . Tolliver was n't much better . He travels all over with his sister and picks up waitresses . I got bored with Harper 's story of being struck by lightening repeated again and again and again . I had a difficult time getting into it since I disliked the two main characters and found their overly close relationship rather creepy .
 This author is probably my favorite of the paranormal chick lit sort of genre that I 've been introduced to in the last two years ; her Sookie Stackhouse books are outstanding , well-written and genuine and fun . I love Sookie 's strength and vulnerability , and the way nothing specific defines her ; Sookie is a whole person , and the books explore her working life , her family life , her romantic life , her life as a psychic , as a homeowner , as a Southerner -- everything . No one facet is allowed to dominate , and I really like that . So I was excited about reading a whole new character with a whole new power , and exploring another well-rounded life.I was disappointed . The book was n't bad , because Harris is just a good writer , but everything I liked about Sookie was lacking from Harper . Her vulnerability was annoying , her strength was haphazard and undefined , her relationships with everyone but her brother were shallow and one-dimensional . The story was n't enough to carry me through , though it was n't bad ; it had an interesting twist , but the bad guy was n't set up as bad enough before he started killing , so it felt unbelievable . For Harper , a woman who was struck by lightning and gained the ability to sense the dead and see their last moments , her power , while interesting , barely made an appearance in the story -- she finds the dead people in the town within the first hundred pages , and the rest of the book is sort of about her flailing around the town without much in the way of purpose . She depends on her brother to the point of psychosis , something that I could n't relate to , and it was n't explained enough for me to understand . She has a fling with a sheriff 's deputy , but since it 's basically a one-night stand , there was n't much point to it.I did n't feel like there was much point to the whole thing . But maybe I 'm being too hard on it . But there are a lot of other books I 'm planning on reading before the second book of this series .
 The content of The Virtual is quite interesting , Shields does a nice job historicizing the terms and contributing to the debates on the implications of a shifting relationship between the virtually real and the material . HOWEVER , a huge problem if you 're interested in this book for research
 I have enjoyed one or two of the books from this series and had been anticipating this one . It never grabbed me . The murder at the beginning was much too graphic . Then getting into the mind of such a sadistic killer was more than I want from a book . I read for relaxation and entertainment , not to be reminded of the depravity in the world . The tension and competition between Eve and Roarke is getting tiresome . I have to admit that I did n't finish this book and maybe it improved . I preferred to toss it and go on to something else . Time is too precious . Take a look at Barbara Parker 's series .
 I really love her books , and the characters in this series are wonderful . So do n't get me wrong , I 'm usually a big fan of this series . But ... the ending was a big let down . The bad guy was horrible . Really deserved to get it big time . And then when he was caught so easily in the end , I thought , oh no ! Just wait , he 'll get away and come back after Eve and Roarke and all hell is going to break loose ! But no . He was just caught . The end . And the whole story thread with Roarke being his target was completely dropped . I thought that Roarke would tear him apart when he tried for him . Or Eve would . But Eve and Roarke never even knew that he was a target . And Dr. Mira 's grand-child . I thought that Eve would have some sort of thoughts about children in regard to herself . Even if the thoughts were `` no flippin way ! '' But it was never mentioned again . I was pretty disappointed over all .
 I bought this book as a fairly random choice based on its good reviews . The plot is clever enough and the police procedures are reasonably knowledgeable but ... ! Are n't there supposed to be proof-readers and editors whose job it is to make sure that an author does n't make embarrassing errors ? I 'm an Irishman and I can promise you that the image of Dublin exemplified by one of the main characters just does n't ring true . Roarke 's background would have been difficult enough to justify if he had been born in the 60 's or 70 's but he 's supposed to be from the early 21st century for heaven 's sake and he talks about Dublin as if he had come from a huge slum ! The dialogue he comes out with is just totally incredible and I use that word in its literal form . His phrases and attitudes are not the stuff of an ex-gangland boss from Ireland . But then the dialogue of the entire book is sadly embarrassing . On the last page , one of the two main characters refers to an enemy as `` him and his ... son '' . A half dozen lines later , exactly the same dialogue comes out of the mouth of his wife ! And again , earlier in the book ... `` People ask me why I 'm doing this , why I 'm giving so much of it up . Do you know what I say ? '' You have to turn the page to get the answer from the hard-bitten female cop and the delay adds to the leaden disappointment of what she says ... `` No , what ? '' !!! -LRB- Even if she had said , `` No , but I suppose you 're going to tell me . '' -RRB- Having said all of that , I finished the book to see the end so it `` held '' me in that sense . I do think that Nora needs to get herself some honest proof-readers and/or editor , then her imaginative plots might have a bit more literary and realistic merit .
 I was enjoying my first JD Robb when this horrible factual error showed up and kept beingn repeated . This must have driven any British fans bonkers . Fact Cornwall is the Southern most County in England . Fact residents ie . detectives would not speak with a &#34; Broad Northern Accent &#34; unless they put in for transfer . This obvious error is a horrible distraction and I hope that it is n't true of all JD Robb books or this will be first and last .
 I did n't know she wrote bodice rippers , but it is easy to believe.Really dumb plot
 The new edition of Aboriginal Woman Sacred and Profane by Phyllis Kaberry , introduced by Sandy Toussaint and published by Routledge in 2003 is not quite the same as the original edition published in 1939 . It is stated in the introduction that -LRB- 1 -RRB- `` While in accordance with present-day etiquette some of Karbery 's commentary has not been reproduced in its original form ... '' -LRB- 2 -RRB- `` Following consultations with senior Aboriginal women , several sections of Karbery 's original book have not been reproduced . `` I dont know how much has been modified or left out . To see the full work you need to go to the original edition .
 While reading this book , I enjoyed the suspense and the setting -LRB- San Francisco -RRB- . But in the three weeks -LRB- and several other completed books -RRB- since I finished it , I completely forgot the entire story . Reading the summary brought it back , but not enthusiastically . Being my first Lescroart book , I thought I might pick up another for the setting in SF rather than my attachment to his characters .
 I thought this book was mediocre at best . The characters were presented well and made for an interesting cast ; however , the central mystery of the book is not quite resolved . Lingering questions remain at the end of the book.Additionally , the book takes several detours to explore the family life of some of the characters . Several of the detours work to enhance the novel 's plot , but others seem rather pointless . If I 'm reading a legal thriller , I 'd prefer to read a legal thriller , not an exploration of family life . If I wanted to read an exploration of child-rearing and family life , I 'd be reading that , not a legal thriller .
 This book is just not very good , in my opinion . The story was totally unbelievable , in a way that even most horror stories can not approach . I forced myself to finish it , to see if it ever became interesting , but it never did . Disconnected , implausible storylines fail to mesh throughout the book . Stephen King is not my favorite author , but his horror fiction is certainly always much better than this . If you are interested in Southwestern mystery-type stories , read any of the excellent works by Tony Hillerman . I ca n't recommend this one , and wo n't read any others by Bentley Little .
 I liked the start of the book and some parts in the middle but the characters I did n't like and there were too many of them . Glen and the others just were n't drawn up enough to be believable people . I also could n't stand the nonstop references to the Aztec towns and stuff . Everytime a good part would happen and there was exitment the author would end the chapter and start another one . The ending was terrible too . In spite of all that it was n't a totally bad read and I never had to force myself to keep reading .
 I 'd never read a Bentley Little book before , but after looking through the all too small horror section at Borders ; I thought this one sounded remotely interesting . It actually has a decent premise , or , well , the back of the book makes you think it does , anyway . What ensues is not only one of the worst horror novels I 've ever read , but one of the worst books I 've ever read PERIOD . An afro headed monster . A man who BBQ 's a dead kid . A climatic final battle with a glorified vaccum cleaner . This is what you 're in for if you make the horrible mistake of paying .01 for this book used here , or even worse , full price at the book store.The fact that this book made it into print at all is a fine testimony to the fact that an established writer can get something published , solely because of his name , regardless of the quality . How else would garbage like this make it to the shelf ? I am seriously amazed that this book was even published . I read this book from cover to cover , just to see how terrible it truly was , and sure enough , it got progressively worse.I am not really familiar with Bentley Little , nor have I read any of his other titles . I thought this might be a solid introduction to someone who was supposed to be a giant in the field . I 'm not going to judge the writer himself based off this one book ; but if his other work is anything like this , you 'd do yourself a favor by avoiding him entirely.If you want to read some good horror , go to the L 's and look one shelf down . Pick up HP Lovecraft instead .
 Flat , lifeless imagery . Characters without a trace of personality . Pathetic plot development . And the absolute worst ending I have ever read . If it were within my power , I would not only demand my money back but also insist that Little compensate me for the time wasted reading this tripe . If you want to read something from a writer with actual talent , try Simon Clark .
 The idea behind this book is really creepy , but that 's where it ends . The characters are totally undeveloped and cliche . By the end , I really did n't care whether they lived or died . The climax of the book is totally unbelievable , and not in a good way - it seemed like Little just got them into so much trouble and just could n't come up with a credible way to get them out of it.I love Little 's short stories , but this was the first novel of his that I 've read and it totally put me off .
 This is the first novel I have read by Bentley Little , and it was a disaster . First , the author must have had a morphine drip in his arm while constructing such a long list of uni-dimensional characters who find themselves caught in a struggle with a `` monster '' unleashed after they unearthed some Native American artifacts . There are dancing pottery shards featuring technicolor images of characters that view them , and , of course , there 's that green-haired `` Mongollon Monster '' who is just thrown into the mix like cayenne pepper into a ham and cheese omelet . PLEASE !!!!!!! If you like monsters prowling around old ruins , then try Owl Goingback 's `` Crota . ''
 Bentley Little 's `` The Return '' starts out with a lot of promise , and up until about the halfway point , it 's pretty intense . A good amount of evil doings and supernatural terror invades the lives of Bentley 's -LRB- as usual -RRB- unbelievable , one-dimensional characters , but the story flows along well and fast.Unfortunately , one you pass the halfway mark , the whole thing starts falling apart and Bentley ca n't seem to put it back together again . Too many characters , too many loose ends , too much of an unstoppable evil that , at it 's anti-climatic end , gets disposed of entirely too easily and too conveniently.The tension vanishes , your concern for the main characters vanishes and you 'll find yourself rushing through the last 100 + pages in the sole effort to get the book done and start on something more fulfilling.A few key words and phrases always pop up when you 're talking about Bentley Little :1 . Extremely graphic sex and gore ; 2 . Social commentary with a supernatural twist ; 3 . Predictability ; 4 . One dimensional characters ; 5 . Anti-climatic endings ; 6 . Bad story pacing ; 7 . Plotlines falling apart halfway through the read .8 . Occasionally VERY interesting ideas and storylines . `` The Return '' will offer you all of them .
 The book is built around a great idea , the Mollongonville Monster , but the novel itself is n't very satisfying . The writing is weak and stilted . -LRB- Much like this review , actually . -RRB- The creatures do n't make any sense -- what they are , what they are doing , and how they are defeated the way they are are details never really explained . In fact , pretty much anything interesting is not explained . I gets old after a while . It 's like a book written by a young person , where details are n't provided . Things Just Are . Then there is an embarassingly bad sex scene.As for being scary ... some scenes were effective , others were not . The creatures being described deadpan as having `` afros '' pretty much moved them out of the realm of being scary into being laughable.My favorite line from the book -LRB- which I have memorized -RRB-
 The Return started out as a seemingly very promising horror story . Once I got further into the story I realized that it was turning into a very weak offering from Bentley Little . A mummy with a red afro ?? Come On !! Very unrealistic even for a horror novel!Too many questions were left unanswered . Such as what happened to the town that dissappeared ? What happened to the people that dissappeared ? What exactly was the Mongolon Monster ??? The answers to these questions were very vague in the story.Also the end of The Return seemed to be rushed . The build up to the supposed climax was satisfying enough , however , the climax of the story itself was anything but!Skip this one . Bentley Little has written some excellent horror novels . Try The Store , The Revelation and The Walking .
 I 've read 3 novels by this author `` The Summoning '' , `` Dominion '' , `` The Return '' I think his writing style is very simplistic and a little opportunistic but he is a guilty pleasure nonetheless ! . The first book above was fun , scary , gory and original but seriously flawed . The second book was flawed but was so gory that it kept my interest till the end . `` The Return '' is a confusing mess , it 's absolutely awful , and I wish it would return to the wretched cess pool from which it was spawned . I 'm not giving up on him yet though . Do n't always believe those blurbs you see on the front and back covers of books , Stephen King raves about this guy saying `` He is the best writer working now '' This is not true ...
 Having read every Bentley Little book , including Death Instinct , I can honestly and regretfully say that this is his worst book . After the first hundred or so pages , I could tell that Bentley had lost his inspiration ... . Ridiculous scenes involving dancing pottery killed any horror or suspense that could have built from this complete mess of a story that dragged on and on . I love this author , do n't get me wrong , but this is one to skip . I recommend The Ignored , The Mailman , and The Association .
 Since picking up a copy of The House several years ago , I 've been a Bentley Little fan . Despite the fact that I had several of his earlier novels sitting unread on my bookshelves , I was excited to see The Return hit shelves . I immediately picked it up and started reading . I 'll admit to being mildly interested in the beginning however The Return quickly became tedious - at best.I do n't expect realism in a horror novel - let me get that out of the way upfront . Little , however , has consistently written novels in which normal , everyday people and places have become gradually sinister - haunted houses -LRB- The House -RRB- , homeowners associations -LRB- The Association -RRB- , discount store chains -LRB- The Store -RRB- . Because of this subtlety , I was surprised when The Return featured such blatantly outrageous action . For example , while reading The Association , it was conceivable to me , in the manner in which it was presented , that residents of a community could be terrorized by an evil homeowners association and find themselves with little recourse . Its more difficult for me to believe that , as was the case in The Return , entire towns could be wiped out across the Southwest with little more reaction from the country than a little bit of news coverage.The Return is the least enjoyable of the Little novels I 've read so far . In a shorter format , The Return would have been at home in his recently published collection of short stories , The Collection . Its too bad - many of the short stories collected there would have been far more successful as novels than The Return .
 This is my first -LRB- and last -RRB- experience with Bentley Little 's work and to say I was disappointed would be far too kind . The plot , such as it is , deals with a race of creatures that return from the past and start reverting people to a more primitive state . Why is not entirely clear and I just did n't care enough to figure it out . The characters are so interchangeable that you ca n't tell one from another and the big finish happens so quickly that there is no attempt to build suspense . Not frightening , very predictable and lacking in the basic elements of a good horror novel , THE RETURN definitely does not make me want to check out the rest of this author 's work .
 I have read all of Bentley Little 's books except for `` The Association '' and `` The Policy , '' which probably explains why I stuck with this book until the end . I seriously considered stopping around page 150 because the book was just a random series of events happening to characters that I really did n't care about . `` But , '' I thought , `` Little 's done it before , '' so I kept going , hoping that either a plot would show up or that things would be explained.Well , no plot ever showed up , and things were sort of explained , but it came late and you REALLY had to suspend disbelief to accept it . And at the end , I still did n't care about any of the characters , but by the time I was really set to give up , I only had about 75 pages to go , so I just finished it.If you have n't read Little , read `` The Store '' instead of this .
 This book is stupid . We all know that when it comes to horror and scifi one must have a suspension of disbelief but this is one ridiculous book ! - A `` monster '' of the `` boogie man '' class.-Dancing pottery.-Artifacts that attack people.-Blood and gore , sadism and perversity more comical than shocking.-Main characters for which you develop not the slightest interest or liking because they are narcissistic and juvenile .
 Geez.I 've read a couple of Little 's books , and was mildly entertained with them . I picked this one up , full price , due to a lack of anything else to read at my local mall bookstore and , by the time I finished it -LRB- and it took a * really * long time to wade through the last half -RRB- , was really annoyed that I 'd blown the price of a first-run movie ticket on it.It started out pretty well , and had what looked to be an interesting premise , but by the time Little described the first `` walking '' mortar and pestle , I knew it was going to be a grind . Walking medicine bowls are ridiculous enough , but throw in fast and loose science , amazing events that would 've brought the media -LRB- among others -RRB- en-masse to their neck of the woods , and numerous , nay , infinite plot gaps , holes , and blunders and you have the makings of a throwaway paperback -LRB- tossing a paperback in the garbage is darn near sacrilege -RRB- . Wrap all that up in a neat little package with cool cover art and top it off with an atrocious , laughable ending and too many plot threads that never got off of ground-zero and you 've got terrible fiction that I would n't dare donate to the public library.With apologies to Little fans , do yourself a favor and read Laymon instead .
 I can not believe this book was even able to get published . Although this was the first book I read by Little , I am sorry I did.The book starts out with a man who leaves his life to find a new one . He does by stumbling across a group of college students digging up the remains on some Anasazi Indian culture . First off all , the author used a lot of Native American Indian terms , and if you do n't have a clue into the history of Native Americans , you will be at a lost . The author really needed to explain what some things were in the novel , such as certain artifacts , but instead he decides to draw out a scene where a couple searches for a lost mummy . ... It was like enough already!Also , I know this is a horror book , and horror books are usually far fetched , but this novel I found ridiculous . The way characters reacted to certain scenes was not typical . -LSB- It -RSB- made me feel like I was reading a 10 year old cartoon . ... The author wanted to make it seem like the rest of the U.S. could care less about the west , which was also far fetched . ... Thank you .
 No matter how hard I tried , I could n't absorb myself in this book like I have been able with most of the other books Little has written . By desciption alone , the plot is n't bad , but it 's not terribly interesting to read about . There was just no magic here . I read the events , didnt care about them , didnt care about the characters , and didnt really care about the outcome . This was one of those novels I read for awhile , and kept coming back to after reading another book to finish . I was just bored ... I ca n't put my finger on why exactly , but it 's a truth . The pace would speed up , then slow down again , repeating it 's vicious cycle.My advice ? If you 're wanting to sample Little , try one of his other books instead , like the House of the Revelation .
 This was the first book I 've read by Bentley Little . I purchased it because it sounded interesting . I had to force myself to actually finish it ... sorry . This book did not make me want to rush out and purchase another of his works . The story was just ridiculous to me and at times I was disgusted by things put in this book . This is just my opinion however , others may enjoy it .
 The characters were n't really likable . It did n't tie together all the plots . They just electrocuted the bad monster and that was it ? Could 've ended a little better .
 I picked up this book for five bucks from a half-price bookstore and I 'm upset I even spent that much . There is no resolution to this completely ridiculous , convoluted , mess of a story . The author has plot twists that lead to absolutely nowhere , and seems to forget about characters only to write them in later as an after thought with some ridiculous story once he remembers . The author bases the storyline around some mysterious monsters for which he offers no description or explanation other than being dark with an orange afro , while in contrast spending an inordinate amount of time describing every pit stop the main characters take on their journey , no matter how little relevance it bore to the central storyline . The author then culminated the book with a lackluster `` climax '' and resolution that left me wishing Id never read the book at all . Terrible book
 Bentley Little lives up to his last name with THE RETURN , which provides little in the way of character development , plot line , plausibility or even horror . The collection of other one-star reviews reflect my sentiments , but I wanted to provide another review to vent against a trend among well-known authors who now think it 's enough to create some interesting creatures with an intriguing premise and then ignore presentation of a mythology to explain it all . He 's making up the creatures and the protagonists , is n't he ? Why not invent a mythology to explain their existence?If Little is trying to live on his reputation , a book like this could destroy it . This is the kind of novel that drives me back to nonfiction . The alleged monster sounds more like a clown with an orange Afro as his distinguishing feature . I could n't visualize this thing without laughing aloud and wondering if it also carried a seltzer bottle with a honk box just like Clarabell on the oldThe Howdy Doody Show - 40 Episode CollectionTV Show . Let me repeat for emphasis
 Mr. Little , if this book is anything to go by , you are one of the laziest writers around . You did n't even make the effort to tie up any of the loose ends . And the ending !!! I think the image of the popped balloon zooming around the room was more appropriate to what happend to your brain . If you ca n't think of anything good to write , do n't write !
 I 'm sorry but this story is not one worth finishing . It fails on every level.Characters . Plot . Monsters . All cliche and boring.I found myself reading the first sentences of each paragraph only to keep the story moving . I do n't think I missed anything worth reading .
 I a major Bentley Little fan but must say this was a major disappointment to me . Cant jump on little too harshly however cause every writer is entitled to a howler once in awhile . A prime example of that is Koontzs `` Tick Tock '' and unfortunately `` The Return '' seems to be Littles blunder so far , lets hope his next one will be a major improvement from this . I really enjoy Littles down to earth style of plotting and story advancement , wherein hes always been more interested in furthering a highly entertaining story with thrills and suspense moreso than trying to be poetic or flowery in his prose like certain other horror writer seem to be these days . Cmon folks , this is horror fiction , not poetry or great american literature , lets keep it to the fun , escapism kinda genre its meant to be . NOrmally LIttle does just so , but this time , he rather dumbs it down a bit too much . its just hard to believe or be thrilled by walking and attacking pottery shards or really believe anyone could be so terrified of walking artifacts as some of the characters were in this novel . LIttle stretches it a bit too much this go around , and turns ina surprisingly tough book to try to keep involved with . Needless to say , ill definitely be looking forward to his upcoming novels , still a fan here , but not gon na include `` The REturn '' in my Bentley Little collection . If you want to become a fan , stick with `` The STore '' or `` The Association '' instead .
 Bentley Little is one of my favorite horror authors . I have purchased every one of his books . My favorites being University and The Mailman . I even liked his collection of short stories -LRB- ` The Collection ' -RRB- . This book , in my opinion , just was n't that good or interesting to me . Sorry .
 This starts as a great book but fall flat after couple of pages . There are too many loose threads and very confusing book . Now a days writing confusing horror book is a fashion or what ? I will tell you , if you HAVE to read this book , keep store receipt handy to return this book . Most of the matirial in this book is laughable ! LOL . If someone says ` boo ' to you in day light , in front of 1000 people , telling you that he is going to tell you ` boo ' and if you get scared after that , then you will love this book .
 This is my 4th Bentley Little book I have read . The others were The Association , The Walking and The Store . I was excited to see The Return was now available . His stories can take a little getting use to , but he does a great job of using peoples daily qurkes and turn them into serious and scary issues . The Return at first struck me as similar to The Walking . This is not suprising , as his stories generally carry a familar feel . However , The Return quickly lost track and became distorted , confused and finally a huge disappointment.First of all , he did a very poor job of explaining details . We have the Anazzi Indian story , a story about a guy going through a mid-life chrisis , a story about a monster , towns and people disappear , strange things happen for no rhyme or reason and people apparently start doing things to which we have no clue as to why . I almost got the feeling Mr. Little knew enough about the Anazzi Indians to get the story started , but failed in his research to tie up lose ends or half explain what the heck is going on . I kept asking myself , what the ... ? Where did that come from ? How is this part of the story ? Okay its gross and graphic , but this relates how?The ending was the worse part of all . Your being lead up to Little 's typical fantastic finish , but in The Return the evil , horrible , thousands of years old monster is simply knocked off with so much ease you sit wondering what the heck was the big deal in the first place . I swear Mr. Little had no idea how to end this story or a deadline was approching and so he simply ended it with absolutly no thrill what-so-ever . Like I said the ending was pathetic and this book in general was very poorly done . He needs to go back to his roots and write stories about people and their strange ways . The Association was absolutly awsome . The store was decent -LRB- expect for the hint of incest which has no bearing on the story -RRB- and even the Walking -LRB- whose ending was kinda lame -RRB- were much better books.In the end , this story was horrible . If your looking to start reading Bentley Little 's works , I would highly suggest something else . If your not a huge fan and you still want to read his stuff , read something else . This book was a major put-off . I will await the next one and hope he does a better job , his 3 other books I 've read at least gives him a 2nd chance !
 I have read most of Mr. Little 's books , and found most of them to be entertaining , although some -LRB- Like `` The House '' -RRB- have been mundane at the least . `` The Return '' is perhaps the most ridiculously plotted horror novel I 've read in years . People are introduced -LRB- Like Bonnie and Richard -RRB- and we never hear from them again . The leading characters are as cardboard as they can get . Glen Ridgeway is such a superficial , self-centered loser . Melanie is almost as bad . The professors are dumber than most students , and to top it off , we get a barbecued child -LRB- ? -RRB- ; people going crazy and doing really dumb things , towns disappearing , volcanoes arising out of nowhere , and so much padding , it felt like a Depends . The only scene that was original and quite funny is when the mayor of a town that is preparing to battle another town , walks into his office , finds his secretary -LSB- making love -RSB- on the floor , and tells her to stop it and come take minutes . That is funny.Unfortunately , Little tries to equal the expanse and depth of Stephen King 's `` The Stand '' and `` It '' , and Little just ca n't match the master . This book was ponderous and I had a hard time finishing it , and then kaboom , it 's over -- ... BR > NOT RECOMMENDED . UNLESS YOU NEED A SLEEP INDUCER OR ONE GOOD LAUGH .
 Where to even start?This book turned up in my house a couple of years ago . No one in the family knows where it came from . I thought surely there must be a logical explanation for how it got here , but I knew there was n't . I did n't know how I knew , I just knew.Finally I decided to read it.On a whim . Or was it ? I hated the thought that my reading this book was preordained ... Now , imagine a whole book written exactly like that . The same sentences , the same cliches , themes , repeated over and over again . Every character has at least one moment where they do n't know how they know something , they just know it . Glen dwells on fate throughout the whole story -LRB- only at the end to freak out trying to follow prophecy exactly -RRB- . Nothing is explained , at all.It does n't work in that scary , `` I 'm not sure what this is , I 'll probably never know , but it 's scaring the hell out of me '' sort of way.It just makes you wonder exactly what you read when you finish the book.There are so many loose ends floating around that it 's not even funny . It follows on-the-spot characters for a couple of pages and then just drops their story line completely , never to mention them again , and they were n't even that interesting in the first place.There 's a lengthy plot line developed through the first half of the book regarding Ron -LRB- a photographer -RRB- and his legal troubles . Then you hear nothing else from him , though you assume he 's going to serve some purpose considering a portion of the book involved Glen getting Ron out of jail . But no , Ron just disappears for basically the rest of the book , only to reappear toward the climax for a couple of pages just to disappear again.The whole story is like this . The first half had me interested . I overlooked weak writing because it seemed interesting . I liked how the author gave you the feeling that something just was n't right . I wanted to know why , it pulled me in.Then after a while I realized that the story was just two middle aged love birds riding around the South West chasing monsters with orange afros , never catching up with them until the big finale which turned out to be not big at all but quite shockingly uneventful.I felt ripped off.Disappointed.Where was the horror ? Where was the graphic sex ? Where was the gore ? Why did it not have me freaking out and cringing as I read along ? The only sex I remember was not remotely explicit , the author summing it up by saying `` they made love . '' The only gore was flaccid at best , a face hanging from a tree branch or an arrow through the heart.Only one part in the whole book made me cringe . It involved a little boy in an Elmo shirt.I 'm going to end this review because I could go on and on and on about how boring this book turned out to be.If you read this , then you were entertained more than this book could ever entertain you . I could not make something less entertaining than this book . I could not make something drag by as slowly and without direction as this book.Don ' t waste any more of your precious time by reading The Return , by Bentley Little .
 Once you figure out what the plot is and that none of the bizarre going-ons is going to lead up to anything interesting , this is a book that almost turns you off the author . It 's definitely this author 's worste book . AND I CA N'T BELIEVE I WASTED MY TIME ON IT.What a shame . The premise is interesting . Bizarre killings , archeological artificats that seem to be possessed , a society that just disappeared . BUT OK ALIENS FROM ANOTHER DIMENSION ! AND THEY ARE N'T EVEN EXPLAINED!DON ' T WASTE YOUR MONEY ! BUY DOMINION !
 I was really expecting to be completely scared . Mr. Little has a great reputation for writing great horror stories , but this was not a great horror story . Way too many characters I could care less about , way too many random events taking place that I could care less about , and a `` monster '' that would n't scare my daughter if she saw it . There were so many bizarre , unexplained occurences that I kept expecting to be resolved and never did . And the ending !?!?!?!?!?!? What is up with that ? It was as if Mr. Little ran out of ideas and just gave up . The best part of reading this novel is that I learned what not to do when writing my own tale of hororr/supernatural . Thanks !
 I bought this book on impulse . I like a good horror novel and have grown tired of everyone 's teeth falling out as they do in most Stephen King novels . What 's up with that anyway?The Return starts out well with a mid30 's man who leaves his job in search of something `` new . '' He finds it in Arizona . Strange things are happening with Indian relics that are being uncovered all over Arizona . This was pretty good until people started disappearing in a `` vortex '' and relics start `` walking . '' ... I am still finishing this book and hope it improves . The best I can give this book is a 2 . Maybe it will improve . I just bought The University because I am willing to give Bentley another chance .
 Did not like this book . I was waiting and waiting for some kind of explanation for all the strange occurrences that happen throughout the story . He never draws the story together . I read it to the end thinking that his conclusion would enlighten me as to how everything fit together , but he did n't . What a dissapointing read , I would n't recommend it to anyone .
 I find it hard to believe that anyone could honestly give this book a rating of five . It 's pretty bad . The book drags , does n't make a whole lot of sense , and the ending is definitely a letdown . I would n't have guessed it was written by a professional . It almost seems a good template for how not to write a novel.There are some interesting scenes and details , the book is n't completely without merit , but overall the story is just a wet , sticky mess . Fewer ideas better executed would have made for a better read . There are so many little scenes and ideas and characters in this book and it never really comes together into anything cohesive .
 I read the blurb on the back cover , and thought this book sounded interesting . How wrong I was . The overall plot was pretty confusing , and there were some things that were more ridiculous than scary . I know it is a horror fantasy , but the book does n't even stay true to it 's internal logic . It reads like a first draft rather than a final product . I ca n't understand the people who are giving this thing 4 and five stars . Heed this warning and skip this book .
 I 've read several of Mr. Little 's books and overall am satisfied . His writing is n't as compelling as King , Masterton , Koontz , or Straub but something about the stories he writes I usually like . Not this one . I do have to say that the first 100 pages were most terrifying building up what I thought would be a fantastic read but from there it took a serious descent downhill . The last thrity pages or so were almost too hard to finish it got so boring .
 Sex , sex , and more sex ... where 's the suspense ? Even with the great opening sequence in which Max Jaxon crashes his glider into the side of a mountain , what happens in the rest of this soft-porn farce is tedious , confusing and full of characters it 's hard to like . How can we like our hero , Max ? He thinks with his you know what , and his lack of commitment and his own egotistic desires brands him superficial and super-boring . Kristen is almost as bad , she falls for anything ; Maggie is a Jekyll-Hyde lesbian with more teeth than a comb ; Nicole is a self-centered and murdering golddigger ; Chris Daniel is a cop with no sense of humor and some of the stiffest dialogue ever written.While the ending does pull a good surprise , it 's torture getting there.NOT RECOMMENDED .
 I have read literally every book written on serial and sexually motivated murder and this is by far the worst.This book starts with an admission by the writer that he knows nothing about the subject and has learned everything he knows just like the reader . Bad omen . He then proceeds with the rambling tale of how he thinks he has bumped into two different serial murderers in his life and that seems to be the motivation to write this book.So then , the book begins . He seems antagonistic at best when referencing the work of experts in the field such as the Behavioral Sciences Unit at Quantico , disputing statistics compiled by people who have , by his own admission , more experience than he does.The crime accounts are no better than what you could read in the news reports of these cases . As an example it includes an account of the London Moster who was a man that stabbed women but never killed anyone , which is piquerism not serial homicide . never focused or on track this book is all over the place and a very amatuerish work.I highly recommend that you buy another book such as Hunting Humans , or The Criminal Mind
 I live in the Washington , DC area and remember all the details of the sniper case . I was pregnant at the time and terrified . I found this book to be choppy and repetitive . He says the same things over and over again - in the next sentence , paragaph , page , chapter , over and over again . He often writes in phrases instead of full sentences . It 's the way he might speak , but it does n't read well . There are a few grammatical errors and a mention of a `` Washington Wizards hockey game '' - it 's a basketball team!There were no major secrets revealed about the investigation . Everything had made it out into the press . He does n't even seem to reveal his thoughts as surprises unfolded , saying that it was n't his place at times . To his credit , he does seem honest about his feelings for the most part . I just felt that he left out his unique perspective on the most interesting aspects of the investigation.The chapters alternate between his life and the investigation . It 's effective . The race issue seems to come up in every part of his life , and I 'm sure it is always a factor -LRB- I too am a minority -RRB- but for all of his accomplishments -LRB- which he 's not shy about telling ! -RRB- I would have liked for him to put the racial aspect in a more positive light , than with the bitterness alternating with ambivalence that I found through most of the book .
 Self-serving and , above all else , boring . Moose provides precious little insight into crimes that terrorized a city and the nation . It is hard to imagine someone not being able to tell a compelling story about the shootings , but somehow he does . Moose is as adept an author as he was a public spokesperson during the crisis . Save your time reading `` Three Weeks in October '' and simply pat the former police chief on the back , though you 'll have to wait for him to stop doing it himself - which is all Moose 's 335 pages add up to .
 As someone who was directly affected by the sniper shootings -LRB- I live in Hanover County , Virginia , where the Ashland shooting took place -RRB- I found this book pathetic and Chief Moose even more so . Moose fails to admit fault for just about anything and blames race for everything . Further , it is extremely obvious this book was rushed to print as there were glaring errors in it which a little research would have corrected . First , I had a good laugh when Moose discussed the white , good old boy , southern police here in the Richmond area and how they were prejudiced against a black northern police chief . The Richmond city police department is led by Chief Andre Parker , a black man who was hired from Illinois . In fact , the last 3 police chiefs in Richmond have been black and a white person has not held the position in about 20 years . Sheriff Stewart Cook of Hanover County was the voice of the combined law enforcement effort here in the area , but he worked very closely with Chief Parker as well as the other chiefs in our area to protect the citizenry.Also , Moose says Ashland is south of Richmond . Ashland is about 20 miles north of the city of Richmond.This book is like Moose 's handling of the sniper incident . Full of mistakes , ineptitude and a rewriting of history . Moose bungled the investigation so badly that the police , ATF , and FBI in Virginia had no choice but to try and tackle the task on their own . Moose 's abuse of the media to get his name and face on TV caused deaths rather than prevented them.The worst thing about the book is when anything negative happens to Moose , he constantly screams racism rather than accepting responsibility for his own shortcomings and moving on . Even the back of the book jacket starts off with how he was born a black boy in the segregated South . This from a man with a checkered past of his own on race relations.Chief Moose , get over it and move on . The best thing you did was leave your position so that competent leadership could hopefully prevail .
 This book explains why it took so long to catch the sniper from the last paragraph on page 221 through page 223 . Incompetence . The rest is a lot of whining by Moose . On page 226 he complains about how `` inconvenient '' it is to change out of uniform before going home although that is not required . Later he admits he was stopped for speeding and that his wife has been stopped multiple times ! Great behavior for a chief of police . He is `` victimized '' by racial profiling . Hey so is every black person in this country . On page 288 he says Bush made a congratulatory phone call on the capture of the snipers . Moose whines that Bush should have made a personal visit . He left his job so he could write this book . Maybe that 's a good thing . I must get the Horwitz book now to read the real story .
 I remember those weeks in October very clearly
 Like most people in the Washington DC area , those three weeks in October were an amazing and difficult time for me . When I saw Chief Moose on television during the investigation I had the same initial reaction pretty much everyone else did . While he lacked the smooth slickness of a man accustomed to being in the limelight , he came across as a strong leader and a truly dedicated public servant . Boy , did this guy have me fooled , and would I eventually feel like a sucker for it.It 's pretty clear now that inside this brave and dedicated exterior lies a man full of anger and personal demons . Right up to the very final minutes of the investigation , he either knowingly and deliberately misled the public as to the true nature of the assailants , or he was so blinded by his own personal prejudices that he simply could not face up to the evidence that was plainly in front of his face . In either case , such a man is n't fit to run Mayberry 's police department , much less one of a large suburban county . Some cursory research into his past will show a long history of problems , caused in no small part by a giant racial chip on his shoulder . And in the end , his inability to abide by the rules set by his bosses led this dedicated public servant to dump his entire career in order to make a quick buck , which led to the book you 're reading about here.Don ' t let this con-artist dupe you yet another time . If you absolutely must read it then check it out of the library , but do n't reward this guy financially after what he did .
 Mr. Moose provides a sad reflection on this terrible reign of terror . Possibly if he invested more time in the writing of the book , some meaningful passages and information may have been included within the book 's covers . If only to question his blind response to those first witnesses who reported the dark sedan and it 's passengers leaving the scene of the first shooting , or of the near universal disrespect of his fellow officers.The book is poorly developed and written as shown by its ranking of appr . 7500 on the Amazon list today . Mr. Moose might do well to examinehis inner self , rather than write of his imagined leadership .
 Having lived in the area during the shootings ... this book was terrible.This `` Chief '' did not `` solve '' anything . The suspects were stopped numerous times , but he was too busy focusing on suspects that perhaps looked different , or more what he wanted them to look like.He is extrememly self-serving , and honestly was n't very articulate -LRB- as people often say -RRB- or organized while dealing with the media ... he was hostile and not very likeable actually . Not sure what the big deal with this guy is .
 Reading this book reminded me what it was like raising my hyperactive , hypersensitive nephew - he whined from the day he left the womb and has n't stopped feeling sorry for himself since . Charles A. Moose 's lukewarm regurgitation of the events through which all of us in the DC Metro region suffered , is not only a missed opportunity to redeem himself for his foibles during those tense three weeks , but in addition it serves to insult fellow law enforcement officers , the press , victim 's families and the public at large . It does n't take much research to realize that this is a person with a permanent chip on his shoulder and perhaps someone to be ignored at all costs . A better representation of what these three weeks entailed for people in that region of the country , will probably come from one of the several OTHER books about to be released on this subject . The quality of writing was n't worthy of this Montgomery College student 's time .
 Former Montgomery County police chief Moose may have been the face of the investigation but certainly was n't the brains . Quick to cash in on tragedy and ten deaths , he showed who he really is . I am a Montgomery County Police officer with over 20 years of proud service to my community . My brother and sister officers patrolled the streets during the dangerous days while Moose , a four year MCP officer , hid in front of the cameras assuring residents that they and their children were safe , ignoring credible police information about the Chevy Caprice . We seek no reward and are still here serving the community while Mr. Moose goes around the country peddling his dull , whiny news book.Let us not forget that it was Mr. Moose and his media savy boss who assured the community that their children were safe . That was a few days before the snipers shot a kid in Bowie . Some comfort . The value of the book is that it shows how anyone with an `` opportunity '' as Moose said , the media , blood , death , and tragedy can go from obscurity to fame without substance in the minds of those poor little who need to watch fewer soap operas and get a life .
 This is a racist book written by a black officer who writes about himself and travails . I expected a well written book with insight into the investigation and the events . Instead , I bought one of those `` we are all victims '' books .
 Oh please ! Moose is so full of himself ! He did n't run the investigation , the FBI did . In fact , the FBI had to take it over because he was botching the case . He is trying to make money off of the hardships that we the citizens of the metro underwent last year . I am shocked they even published this book . For shame , Moose .
 Charles Moo $ e disgusted me when he came out against Montgomery County for their repremand over his profiting from the office . This supposed `` civil servant '' used the office to attempt to make himself famous and rich , this book has proven that he fails in both endeavors . The quality of writing shows that Charles Moo $ e not only rushed to churn out a book before the one year anniversary , neglecting his duties as Police Chief during that time , but he also seems to have the grammatical skills of a Montgomery County Middle Schooler . Perhaps this is the `` homework '' that they were sending that poor 13 year-old shot outside Benjamin Tasker while he was hospitalized for a month . I can only be glad that this book will tank in sales , preventing Mr Moo $ e from profiting in his new position . As for me , I made sure to check it out of the Fairfax County Public Library , you are n't getting my dollar .
 If you get your entire perception of police work from tv or the movies then this book is for you . If you believe that a police chief actually runs a criminal investigation then this is for you . If you think that the `` real police '' ... the ones who work the street , talk to nuts on the phone , work 18 hour days watching suspects , hide in bushes on stakeouts , actually are the ones that solve cases then this is one is not for you .
 For all the information about Mr. Moose instead of the sniper killers . Mr. Moose is too hung up on his own accomplishments and racism and only gives out tidbits of information concerning the sniper killers . Again , if this were supposed to be an autobiography , this approach would be fine .
 Thankfully , this horrible , opportunistic , self serving , greed driven gathering of semicoherent thoughts and ego driven , never ending chapters can be put to rest . The previous review seems to say much about this self serving man who tried to take credit for all of the hard working , talented , public service minded Law Enforcement Officers who worked long hours and in dangerous situations to track down and capture the sick individuals who perpetrated these horrendous crimes . This book does n't even deserve to be at the ranking of 11,950 which it is at this time.Precious Thanks are given to those who really solved this crime in their quiet professional ways . As for the book and it 's author , enough said in the title .
 I would have never have purchased this book for myself after watching Moose 's interview on 60 minutes . However , my wife purchased it for me without my knowledge and I must say that every penny spent was truly wasted . This book has very little to do with the sniper killings . It is much more focused on Moose 's life and the trials and triumphs of being a black man in America.Moose gives examples in every other paragraph of how he has been mistreated , harassed , victimized and disrespected because he was an african american.If you would like to learn of details , investigative methods and other inside information on the sniper investigation you 'd be better off of doing a simple query on the internet than purchasing this book.I must admit I had somewhat respect for Moose during the investigation , but am now truly disappointed .
 The title is disengenuous . I worked under Moose in Portland . The book is all about his travails . You might call it a personal saga of one man 's tearful life . That was about all he did well - cry on que . Oh - he could get angry on que also . Blister you up one side and down the other for any conceivable slight that he figured you might be guilty of.He seemed to always carry a chip on his shoulder , and figured that most white guys were prima facie racist.Guy is a walking , simmering stewpot . Ca n't write either . Only reason he made the big time was due to an ultra liberal , white-guilt ridden mayor by the name of Vera Katz .
 I was really looking foward to reading this book . Yet having been glued to the media like everyone else during these three weeks , there was never more I learned about the investigation , profile etc of the snipers . This was more like an autobiography of Chief Moose . At times how he became Chief was interesting but mostly very dry and hard to keep focus jumping back and forth between topics about himself then back to the investigation .
 Time will the show the Charles Moose was completely out of his element as a police chief and would have been more useful handing out parking tickets . He botched the investigation and now he tries to profit from it , this should make anyone nauseous . Charles Moose , as a ploice chief was completely incompetent and a complete buffoon . Do not waste your money and make this con artist richer .
 If you are looking for a well written account of these serial killers and their crimes , do not purchase this book . The vast majority of it is a disorganized and frequently tedious and redundant biography of the author and his forum on racism in U.S. law enforcement . Although both of these topics could make interesting reading , they are not well executed in this book . My interest in Three Weeks in October faded completely about three fourths of the way through the book . It did not deliver the goods .
 If you want to know about what happened , do not read this book . The better book to get would be SNIPER by Horwitz . It is put together well and is not about Mooses life . Ever an officer here in Montgomery County said that SNIPER is better now what does that tell you .
 It 's always irritating when someone in a position of authority uses their involvement in an event of this nature to sell their own story , which is exactly what Charles Moose has done with this book.It 's like calling a movie Titanic , then basing the story around the dramas of just two people when the bigger picture carries so much more gravity than can be expressed through the story of individuals.It 's true that the racial identities of the perps in the case of the Washington Snipers was a key element -LRB- profiling would 've suggested white men , when in fact the guilty men were of African descent -RRB- and that Charles Moose is a black man who has struggled against the prejudice of others , but at least half the book is a very poorly written autobiography which has little relevance to the killings . Without his involvement in the case , it 's unlikely his story would 've interested anyone enough to be published and whether that 's right or wrong , it 's most certainly wrong to use the case as a vehicle to sell his own biography.Also it 's a difficult read
 About the only two things one can conclude from this book are Moose is a racist , and Moose is a moron . It is a tale , told by an idiot , and not much of one at that.It is clear from the book that Moose is not a particularly adept policeman . He displays a penchant for suing people , possesses the aura of an `` angry black man , '' and on top of everything else ca n't write a coherent narrative , even with a co-author 's help.I wonder if Mr. Moose is going to sue Charles Fleming when the critics pan this abysmal book .
 I was fascinated by the manhunt for the snipers and wondering what on earth led the suspects to commit such meaningless crimes . I thought this book would satisfy my curiosity about the snipers and what exactly went on with the investigation . I was sadly disappointed.Moose wrote a great deal about himself , his life , and his racial issues . Moose stated in the book that the first a person notices about another is their color . I do n't feel that this is necessarily true . I know that the first thing I notice about a person is whether they are male or female , then I start paying attention to their other characteristics . This is not a prejudice against males or females , it just dictates how I might communicate with or relate to them.The book was first a chapter about Moose , then a chapter about the case . It continually followed that pattern . This made the book somewhat difficult to read and to keep my interest . Moose is not a particularly good writer , nor is Charles Fleming - unless he wanted the book to come from Moose 's own words.Moose has come very far in his life , and for this he should be proud . Personally , I gather from reading this book that he is a rather cold and distant man . I do n't think I would find it easy to sit down and have a conversation with him . I admire what he has achieved , but I do not admire his racial issues .
 The only reason I am not too mad at my self with this book purchase is that I picked it up on a sale table and spent only a few dollars on it . That happens to also be one of the nicest things I can say about the book . This review is really the tail of two books , the first book is the one I was interested in reading , which covered the Washington DC area sniper case . The second book is a history of the author , which I honestly did not care about . I will give the editor credit , he did keep the two sections in separate chapters , which made it easy as I got into the book to pass by the personal history parts . So on the section I wanted to read , well to say the writing was wooden would unfairly give trees a bad name . I have no idea how these two guys , the police chief and the ghost writer , managed to reduce an exciting and interesting story into a cure for insomnia , but they did it . Pfizer needs to bottle this and call it Sleep Fast because it was brutal to get through . To top off the dullness overload they provided less info then I could get from a single newspaper report of the incident . I bought this book to get all the good inside info , not white washed info that was already provided to the public.The sections of the book that dealt with the personal history of the author actually were written with a bit more spunk then the rest of the book . The only problem was that this guy is the most race aware public figure this side of Al Sharpton . Everything in the world is seen through a white black lens for this guy . It got so old reading about every slight or problem he ever had in his life that he could somehow link to racism . I have no doubt there have been events that he has been disadvantaged due to race , but it got to be too much . I really got the feeling that he was mad at every white man in the country and that he felt there was no way that a white man and black man could come together on any issue . His views on the subject were overbearing and rude . It was so much that he even went out of his way to identify every black person he writes about yet not the race of any of the other people . I have no idea why.So here is a book that I felt was about 50 % bait and switch , I dare you to find on the cover or dust jacket any mention that over half of the book is this guys life story . What disappointed me even more about the content is that the authors could have given us so much more detail of the investigation . No pictures , no reprints of any of the messages , no transcripts of the recorded calls , the lack of detail was very disappointing . Overall I am very disappointed by this book . The author did detail out the case , but in almost a cliff notes fashion . The section of the book that details his life are written with such a chip on his shoulder that it makes this half of the book tiresome and distasteful . Overall I would not recommend this book other then the author says part of the proceeds are sent to a fund for the victims .
 I live literally 5 minutes away from the scence of the second shooting , and my grandmother 's apartment was about 5 yards from the scence of another shooting . This is my home . So I figured that this book could prove interesting . Bah , humbug . Moose makes everytihng out to seem as if he was hero , ignoring the fact that there was no white box van , and the witnesses who described the actual car were ignored . What 's worse is that publication of the book could screw up the sniper trials -LRB- at least in Maryland -RRB- , and he violated every ethics law on the books . He was n't that great of a police chief before the shootings , and he was even worse during and afer them . Buy the book if you want to hear about a man who was n't even liked by his own officers .
 This book dragged so much it was like reading Chief Moose 's daily planner in the early stages of the investigation . I hope a more readable book is published on this investigation .
 Mr. Moose has presented a sad and upsetting essay . That he presents himself , in this poorly written and developed book , as the leader of the investigation invites one to ask why he ignored the eyewitness accounts of the first attacks . I do n't believe the book is worth the investment of time to read or money . It is a grim commentary on his character and literary abilities .
 As a resident of the target area , I had hoped to learn what was going on `` behind the scenes '' as we watched the news reports . Instead the chief 's book seemed to center on his personal life , his disappointments , and his problems with his perceptions of racial bias in this country . I 'm sorry he resigned his job as Chief of Police . He was well liked in the police department . I think he was a much better policeman than an author .
 I lived in this area through these events . My husband works at a car dealership one mile from the middle school shooting . We were afraid to go anywhere . I 'd prefer to let my gas tank run dry than to try to pump gas . I feared my husband would go to work and not come home . I sent my daughter to school and prayed from the time she left the house until I knew she was safe inside the building . This was real . This was terror ! I respected Charles Moose for the way he ran the investigation and for the way he handled the media and presented himself . He did a fantastic job . I still have a lot of gratitude and respect for him . As a result , I was anxious to read his book . I am utterly disappointed . I was not looking for a book about Charles A. Moose . I was looking for details about the sniper shootings . Perhaps I was hoping for a better understanding of what happened during those three weeks . I have not found that in Mr. Moose 's book . I do not think it is well written at all . I feel that Mr. Moose spends far to much time discussing himself and his history as a black officer rising to a powerful position -LRB- every other chapter -RRB- . That is not what the book should have been about . I applaud Mr. Moose 's success , but this was not the place for him to pat himself on the back .
 Here 's to Chief Moose for single-handedly allowing the D.C. / VA/Maryland Snipers to operate for so long . He went on television with his mythical white van driven by the mythical white racist gun-totin ' drivers , meanwhile the real snipers , who just happened to be black AND Muslim , drove around in a Caprice and shot people in the head . Now , he wrote a book in which he tried to justify his poor police work . He was also an enemy of racial profiling -LRB- if they were black -RRB- only to use reverse racial profiling in this case -LRB- which failed , because the snipers were black -RRB- . It 's only in America where we can commend people for being `` heroes '' because they simply do their job . In this case , `` Moose '' did his job poorly , and the public , gratified that it did n't have to worry about the snipers anymore , kissed his butt in true fashion . Amazing how our society rewards poor performance.Get this book if you are a true sucka . I 'm sure Moose will thank you for it . For my money , I 'm gon na invest in a bullet proof vest , just in case this ever happens again . Because I sure as hell ca n't rely on Moose-clones to protect me .
 I could not wait until this book was released . I got it the day it was realesed , I Really do n't Understand Chief Moose 's Comment 's in the book on alot of thing 's . . I do think the man does have alot of anger in him . I was really Susprised about the part in the book about Were the Road 's were marked as Martin Luther King Jr Boulevard . That was a very unfair statement.Travel to Florida Chief Moose I will Asure you that You will be in the best of Area 's here on that street Because most of the street 's run together with his name . Very nice town 's too.I feel as though this book was more on Race Issues then the Sniper Shooting 's . I am Shocked that you have yet to this day never faced the monsters that did the shotting 's on your watch.I 'm Afraid Of PoliceMen too . So I do n't think I would want to be stopped By This One .
 The D.C. sniper case was solved in SPITE of Moose 's incompetence , whose bungling and inaction cost lives . I was one block from one of the shooting locations during this time period , when we were all watching for Moose 's nonexistant `` white van . '' It was a terrible time of fear , and Moose 's inability to handle the case and arrogance on camera were painfully obvious , as were the consequences . This book , unfortunately , does n't tell the real story of how dedicated and unsung law enforcement professionals solved this case.Take the money and donate it to your local fire and police instead of giving it to this moneyseeking man . Or buy a book from Amazon.com about 9/11 and read about real heroes .
 Moose 's incompetence prolonged the investigation and ultimately cost lives . Although the sniper 's were identified early in the ordeal by a witness , Moose -LRB- brought to Montgomery County to combat racial profiling -RRB- insisted on using the racial profile of the snipers as white men in a white truck . Out of the hundreds of law enforcement officers involved Moose is the only one that chose to profit personally for this tragedy .
 This book is awful . I wish I would have spent 3 minutes reading these reviews instead of 4 hours reading the book . I agree with the other one-star reviews below . I ca n't wait to catch a Washington Wizards hockey game south of Richmond in Ashland , VA. . That will set my mind at ease . My favorite part was when he says he does n't talk too much about himself ... in a book about himself . Hilarious . The book should have been titled , `` Three Weeks in October and a Whole Bunch of Weeks in Other Months That Have Nothing to Do with This Story , Three Weeks in October and a Whole Bunch of Weeks in Other Months That Have Nothing to Do with This Story , Three Weeks in October and a Whole Bunch of Weeks in Other Months That Have Nothing to Do with This Story , Three Weeks in October and a Whole Bunch of Weeks in Other Months That Have Nothing to Do with This Story . '' That way the title more accurately describes what you 're going to read and it also gets you ready for reading the same thing over and over , repeatedly , again and again ... twice .
 Greed is what led Chief Moose to write this book . He quit his job as chief of police to write it , because ethics/rules prohibited his writing a book about those terrifying days in October . So , he quit his job . He goes on and on in this book about all his problems and racism , but this man quit his job as chief of police to write this book . Am I missing something here ? A black man who is chief of police in an area near Washington DC , and I 'm supposed to feel sorry for him?It would n't matter the race of this police chief . If they showed such a willingness to throw ethics to the wind , and showed they really did n't care about their job , wrote a book , half about the tragic days in October , half personal whine , that is a huge turn-off . Its no wonder this book is on the bargain tables .
 Mr. Moose has written a pontifical , egocentric tome on a very serious subject . That he could wrap this book around his ego , instead of respecting the victims and their families and the thousands of law enforcement officers that were out there doing the work and finding the perpetrators is a travesty . I would much rather read a book by Bullwinkle !
 I live in Fredericksburg , VA. . I had no intention of buying this book because I did n't want to give Chief Moose 1 penny of my money for writing this book . I think it is completely unethical . When the book came into the library I work at , I checked it out . The writing is nothing short of terrible . I would certainly get the money back from whoever pretended to edit your book . There are punctuation errors , spelling errors . -LRB- Opossum has an `` O '' at the front chief -RRB- . I 'm halfway hrough the book now , and 75 % of it has been irrelevant to anything that happened last October . This flipping back and forth thing is tedious . I have no interest in hearing Chief Moose whine about racial profiling . I 'm not sure what the sniper case has to do with his sister being a lesbian , and his brother being a drugged out junkie . It is laughable that he complains about what he called `` talking heads '' . These were ex police who were on the cable networks during the sniper trial . He said that they were just doing it to get their resume 's out there , for their own self good . Seems like Moose has done the same thing with the writing -LRB- if it can be called that -RRB- and publication of this book .
 Beyond the pathetic writings , it sickens me to think that Moo $ e is being paid for a book that not only HURTS the investigation of the DC Snipers -LRB- tough to find an impartial jury now -RRB- , but also allows him to gain credit for catching the bad guys . See , there was a reason the FBI was called in ; Moo $ e had no idea on how to run a major investigation . White guys in a white box van , huh ? Funny the DC Snipers could n't be further from that description . If anything , Moo $ e needs to apologize to all the hard working people that were taken out of those white box vans at gun point , handcuffed and searched without more than an apology . But then again , Moo $ e likes ignoring good information ... like putting out a look out for a blue Chevy Caprice with two black guys in it .
 I have not read this book because I have no interest in anything Chief Moose has to say about those three weeks in October . The mere fact that a public official , in his line of work , would try to capitalize on the deaths of 10 people in his area is despicable , disgusting and downright tacky . Chief Moose had NOTHING to do with the capture of the snipers . The incompetence of his team and the misinformation that he spewed out on a daily basis , did nothing to apprehend the snipers . If anything , it allowed them to continue terrorizing the area for that much longer.I did respect Chief Moose at one time , but after I heard about him giving up his job , morals and ethics for the almighty dollar , I was -- and remain -- disgusted by him . It is inconceivable to me that any human with half an ounce of dignity would stoop as low as he has . I do n't know how many millions he was paid to put out this garbage , but if he was truly the role model he purports himself to be , he should donate every penny of his proceeds to the families of all of the victims.If I can take any comfort at all , it is the fact that this book is obviously selling very poorly . I am so glad that America is smart enough to see this pathetic banter and garbage for exactly what it is .
 Reading this book reminded me what it was like raising my hyperactive , hypersensitive nephew - he whined from the day he left the womb and has n't stopped feeling sorry for himself since . Charles A. Moose 's lukewarm regurgitation of the events through which all of us in the DC Metro region suffered , is not only a missed opportunity to redeem himself for his foibles during those tense three weeks , but in addition it serves to insult fellow law enforcement officers , the press , victim 's families and the public at large . It does n't take much research to realize that this is a person with a permanent chip on his shoulder and perhaps someone to be ignored at all costs . A better representation of what these three weeks entailed for people in that region of the country , will probably come from one of the several OTHER books about to be released on this subject . The quality of writing was n't worthy of this Montgomery College student 's time.I heard Moose was planning to move to Germantown - I hope that 's not true ! If he comes to my home town , I 'll leave !
 First , Charles Moose resigned his position as Chief of Police not to write this book , but to profit from it . I am a resident of Montgomery County , and the county ethics rules prevent county employees from PROFITING from work done in their official capacity . He could have written his life story up until his work as our Chief of Police , or written the exact same book without taking any money , but he chose neither of those paths , and that says volumes more about him than his book . He also , in a move that shocked even his harshest critics , repeatedly promised to let the prosecutors for the sniper trial review the book before it was published , and then published it without even giving the prosecutors advance notice , much less a chance to comment on whether anything in there would make their jobs more difficult . But most importantly , the man we trusted to uphold and enforce our laws asked to have them twisted like a pretzel when they got in the way of his ego and his wallet.Thankfully , the book is bland and revolves around Moose 's massive ego , rather than any facts . Definitely a must-miss . My only regret is that there is nothing lower than one star .
 God Bless You Chuck for your interesting history and biography . Anytime an unassuming , common-day law enforcement officer can make national headlines , actually capture the terriost and write a book about it , that 's applaudable . Although the book did not give me the meat and potatoes of those three weeks as I had hoped , I respect Mr. Moose for stepping out on faith and doing what he thought he had to do . I believe whatever he does as an infamous black man , he 's going to be attacked on every front . Case in point
 This is some of the worst writing I 've ever encountered , I 've tried to read 3 of them and they ended up in the trash , I offered them to other and they said the same thing .
 JAK was never the most complex author around . We know this . But her latest book has me worrying about the deterioration of her talent ... or what the publishers consider fit to put into hardcover.Was this a book written for adults ? JAK 's sentence structure , while never complex , borders on simplistic in this book . With lines like `` Daria looked very happy '' and `` he could feel the positive energy of happiness in the air '' I was beginning to wonder if she 'd decided to write a novel for twelve year olds and then threw in a few less-than-spicy sex scenes to please the romance fans . She 's also developed this annoying habit of bringing the reader up to date on things that happened only a few pages ago , filling in the gaps of her characters thought patters as if a rational adult could n't think the situation through.The plot is boring , with too many strains to follow and not enough emotion to make me care whether Zoe and Ethan stay together - in fact , the only hint of excitement in the story was the bit concerning Arcadia 's supposedly dead husband , and that was over so quickly you had to wonder why she put it in at all . This novel did n't seem to have a point , save that the preceding book was rather good , and she felt it needed a sequel . But this is n't a sequel . It 's an afterward , at best.Add one star , I guess , if you can get this from the library and not shell out the money for a hard cover . I feel like I 've been burned and certainly wo n't be paying for any of JAK 's future efforts .
 I had never heard of this author before and picked this book on cd up at the library . It moved at a snails pace , the book jacket made it sound like an inriuging mystery - but more time is spent on analyzing every last detail amongst the characters - finally when something does happen by the 8th cd - its anticlimactic . And althought he main character continually talks about being psychic - she never once has a premonition , other than feeling `` spiderwebs '' when she walks in a room . I could n't wait for this book to end , and I will probably never pick up another book by this author , even though other reviewers say she writes good books . I kept wondering if it would be better , if someone who was not monotone was doing the reading on the cd . That did n't help matters .
 I elected to listen to the unabridged audio version of this book . Boy , it was full of fluffy dialogue that had nothing to do with the `` plots '' . A few action scenes squeezed in between boring interaction between the characters . It got painful to listen to every detail the character did while speaking . Do we really need to know that she opened the car door , took the grocery bag out , closed the car door , walked 3 steps to the green gate , etc. . It went on and on . Maybe actually reading the book would n't have been so bad.Or maybe I should have listened to the abridged version . It could have been condensed to 2 discs !
 First off I have to say I 'm a long time JAK fan and have ALL her books . I was quite disappointed in this book I was bored silly I really did n't care what happened to them . It 's so bland !!! I ca n't say I liked Light in Shadows alot it was ok . I truly truly hated the eclipse bay series I really think she should not do trilogies or series I 'm sorry but she 's just no good at it.I actually was getting very disappointed in her books to the point where I considered not buying them any more then she seem to come back and I was enjoying her books again but the last 2 certainly is making me wonder . I am a VERY loyal reader and while I wo n't say I will completely stop buying her books yet I would certainly consider buying the hardcover books . I 'm not sure if she will do another book on these characters I for one sure hope not ?????
 ... because there IS no center . The plot wanders , the characters talk too much about nothing important , and they all seem dead from the neck in both directions . Very disappoinging .
 In this sequel to Light in Shadow , we find Zoe and Ethan trying to settle into married life , but the fear of the other leaving has both of them holding their feelings back . Zoe 's fellow escapee from the psychiatric hospital Arcadia Ames is also feeling out of sorts . She has also assumed a new name trying to escape the husband trying to kill her , and she feels someone is watching her . Zoe is still hiding her psychic abilities from Ethan . Ethan is still trying to deal with the death of his brother . Everyone is ill at ease.I did n't enjoy this book as much as the first one . I was hoping Ethan and Zoe would solidify their relationship , but they did n't . As long as Ethan does n't believe Zoe is psychic , they can never be truly happy . I was hoping for some event or something to happen that would convince Ethan of her ability .
 I know this is supposed to be intellectual fluff . The book equivilent of TV to be read when you do n't want to be challenged , and I accept it as such . I do n't know if she has just gotten complacent , ran our of time , or what?I have read several of her books under one of her other pseudonyms Jayne Castle , and I expect better writting and story development . If you like this type of book try reading Orchid , After Glow , or After Dark , published under that `` other '' name instead .
 JAK used to be an auto-buy for me and though I was hesitant about her earlier book , Light In Shadow , it did turn out a little better than I expected . Not so with Truth Or Dare . JAK finished Ethan and Zoe 's story just fine in Light In Shadow and if she felt it needed more , then it would have been better to lengthen it with a couple more chapters . I expected this book to be about Arcadia 's story but no such luck . It was Ethan and his baggage dragged around even longer and Zoe 's insecurity over her marriage and husband making me cringe.I saw no reason for writing an entire book just to continue Ethan 's and Zoe 's story . I was expecting a new suspense plot but there was n't . Arcadia 's character was also inserted as if JAK happened to remember she was in the previous book and so merited a casual inclusion.This book was lacking in everything that had made JAK one of my favourite authors . I have no idea why and hope she returns to her old form . This hardback is going straight to the USB !
 Jayne Ann Krentz and all of her literary alter egos have always been hit or miss for me and this book was most definitely one of the misses.The beginning promises some dark paranormal thriller mixed with Krentz 's generally heavy duty romance , but the book fails to deliver either . Instead , it 's a muddled mishmash of characters who never gel on the page ; instead of focusing on heroine and hero Zoe and Ethan , the author distracts with supporting characters that I could n't have cared less for.Zoe 's supposed to have big angst from her time in a psychiatric institute and her ability to literally read the walls of a house . Both could have been devices to ramp up the drama , but instead Krentz ca n't get a psychological grip on Zoe and winds up turning the character into a confused and lifeless cariacature . Ethan gets the same short shrift
 Average is the word for this book . Like others I eagerly await the release of any new JAK , this one is disappointing . The characters are wooden , the speech stilted and the plot virtually non-existent . Why write this in the form of a trilogy at all ? all of the content of this book would have made a good 2 chapters at the end of the previous one , thus finalizing the tale of Zoe and Ethan Truax and the other inhabitants of Whispering springs without the added expense of yet another pricey hardback . As far as I was concerned this was much too formulaic and totally without the finesse in her older books .
 Krentz created the characters on paper and then did not bother to breath bring some life and character into them . She used to be one of my top 10 authors that were a must buy , now do n't waste your money . It 's like someone else is writing her books for her , where 's her editor and publisher ? You do n't even like the characters they are like paper dolls , no depth at all . i am was very disappointed in her last 3 books . She used to write real hot romance , a class act .
 This book is so far from Krentz 's best romantic novels -LRB- Grand Passion , Absolutely Positively -RRB- , that I would have believed it written by some other romantic novelist because it was so predictable and boring . The heroine has this `` amazing '' ability to tell where people have been murdered , but there is no way for her to use this ability to try to solve crimes & contribute to her husband 's detective business . Her husband is a private investigator who somehow manages to stay afloat financially , since he spends most of the book picking out color schemes for his home -LRB- Ochre or gold , ooh , the mystery ! -RRB- . There are a couple of romantic subplots where friends of the couple who have previously been unlucky in love suddenly discover each other & decide that they 're perfect for each other . At the end of the book , you end up with a clumsily-plotted attempt to kill one character , a bunch of references to some nutty mental institution where two of the characters were held captive , three soppily happy couples dancing in the sunlight and one majorly bored reader who wishes she had picked another book for her weekend read .
 I reached page 150 , and NOTHING HAD HAPPENED YET !!! Except for lots of pizza dinners between the characters . I had thought this book would be solely about Arcadia , whose story I thought was a logical sequel to Light in Shadow . Instead , it was an epilogue , with more blathering on and on about how Ethan and Zoe -LRB- surprise , surprise ! -RRB- still have n't trusted each other enough to share their inner-most secrets after a whopping 6 weeks of marriage . This story actually underscores how little Ethan and Zoe have in common , which is typical of this author 's heroes and heroines . Thank goodness I did n't buy this book -- got it at the library .
 Checked this one out thinking Olivia sounded a bit like Janet Evanovich 's delightful lingerie buyer turned bounty-hunter , Stephanie Plum -LRB- One for the Money -LRB- A Stephanie Plum Novel -RRB- -RRB- . Alas , this book was a disappointment from chapter 1 on . A passable Ian Fleming-style conspiracy plot provides the background to a literary train wreck , a calamity littered with shallow characters , hollow stereotypes , and stale dialog . My chief complaints ? 1 -RRB- Nearly every Muslim character is either a terrorist or a dirty , shady salesman . 2 -RRB- The chief love interest is a condescending muscle-bound American CIA agent who likes to call his female colleagues `` baby . '' Swoon ! 3 -RRB- Covert agents investigating Al-Qaeda can safely pass as either reporters or academics . Beg Pardon ? 4 -RRB- Ms. Joules ' first impulse upon seeing any man appears to generally involve sizing him up as `` man material . '' I could go on , but you get the idea . If you 're looking for more sexism , racism , and crotch-related humor in your chick lit , this is the book for you . Otherwise , stay far , far , away .
 I got half way through and then decided that life is too short to waste time on books like this.Bridget Jones was great and why I picked this book up . Oops . I kept re-reading the reviews as I tried to get through the book . So many five stars?The best review mentioned that when British writers try to write an `` American '' book they invariably fail and fall into cliche . I think that statement works . The book aims to be so hip and cool and falls so flat . Indeed , it 's manic , with one surprise after the other , falling into each other and never fully developed -LRB- leading into a mess and confusion ... I felt unsatisfied -RRB- . So , to the author ... slow down and develop something before moving on to the next thing . This book is all too much of nothing.Sorry , I hate giving bad reviews but this book is just so lacking in anything much compelling or original . It is n't a one star ... the sentances hang together and it is n't terrible . It just is n't good or worthwhile.As for the stereotypes ... yes , I agree . This aspect of the book did n't bother me . A lack of a likeable character , which flows from the stereotypes , was a bigger issue.I do n't know why this book exists . Since it got so many glowing reviews an audience does exist . I 'm just not it .
 i enjoyed reading bridget jones , and thought i would like olivia joules . but the plot is predictable and the character a little over the top . helen spends much of this book reinforcing stereotypes , which i find annoying and close minded . just read bridget jones and do n't bother with olivia joules .
 I thought this book would be funny , like Bridget Jones , but it was n't . Since it 's a spy novel , I hoped for some suspense , but this too was in short supply . Then there appeared to be some sort of romantic interest for the main character - too bad there was n't any chemistry . What a yawn .
 I wish I had read the reviews before picking up this novel . It started off a bit strange . I found it hard to imagine the activity going on . In the end it relied too much on stereotypes , did not develop the characters or story enough , and was an overall disappointment .
 This book was absolutely terrible . Not a single character was at all interesting . I found myself caring less and less about the situation as the book trudged on . Are we supposed to believe that every man that meets Olivia is instantly in love with her ? Yuck . I 'd give this book zero stars if possible .
 Was expecting a book that was as original , fun , and humorous as well entertaining as Bridget Jones but instead I encountered a storyline that was not only sketchy but also unbelievable with undeveloped characters and dull writing . Not to mention being inflicted with the writer 's opinion on the war.Waste of time waste of money . This book is truly insipid tripe .
 Why is it that ordinarily brilliant and insightful British writers , when they do a story that takes place in the US , produce a superficial name-dropper with a plot like somebody 's fantasy about the person they wish they were ? This happened in Salman Rushdie 's `` Fury '' , where every character is out of a show case and the hero unbelievably successful - and now aga&iacute;n the US is the setting for clich&eacute; fantasy with Fielding 's `` Olivia Joules . '' As writers they are excellent and readable , but this time around to enjoy them you must suffer stories that are unbearable self-satisfiers . Are they writing for comic strips ? It would be the best medium for the scenarios and symbolic not-even-skin-deep characters .
 I picked this book up hoping for a fun read , a little escapism , a few giggles . Instead , I found a main character with no plausible motivation whatsoever -LRB- All right , her family was killed when she was young -- and ? Why does this matter ? It does n't . -RRB- . I could nearly have tolerated that had it not been for the blatant racism of the work . This book lacks any hint of a balanced perspective on Islam , Arabic culture , or ... well , anything , really.Further , the heroine 's lack of self-control is frankly embarrassing . If one is intended to believe that she is convinced that she is mixed up with shady dealings and in nearly perpetual danger of losing her life , then what the devil is she doing randomly falling in love/lust with people whom she has no reason to trust and then feeling betrayed when they are not all they seem ? I suppose this was an attempt to create a female version of James Bond 's frequent sexual exploits , but the accompanied whinging made me want to tell Olivia she 'd better leave that to the experts.In brief
 I read this book with high hopes , but i was grossly disappointed . It is all about a woman who believes she has discovered an al-Qaeda operative and supposedly hilarious moments ensue . The plot was boring and predictable , and it was hard to lose yourself in it . There were also some scenes of grotesque violence . I have never read `` Bridget Jones ' Diary , '' and if this is what Helen Fielding has to offer , I 'll pass .
 `` Olivia Joules and the Overactive Imagination , '' by Helen Fielding , chronicles the adventures of the title character Olivia Joules who just happens to have a very overactive imagination . Because of said imagination , Olivia has been demoted at her job from major stories to the fashion section of the newspaper . Olivia is sent to Miami to cover a face cream premiere and becomes convinced that a movie producer she meets at the premiere , Pierre Feramo , is really Osama bin Laden . Mayhem ensues as Olivia tries to foil the suspected terrorist.I was very excited when I heard that Fielding had a new novel coming out . I read `` Bridget Jones ' Diary '' before it became colossally trendy to do so and I simply adored it . Thus , I was excited at the prospect of more from Fielding . I have to say I was a bit disappointed with this novel . The whole `` Oh my gosh ! He 's Osama bin Laden ! '' thing was cute and entertaining when it first occurred in the novel . However , when he actually turned out to be a terrorist and al-Qaeda conspirator , I wanted to throw the book across the room . Perhaps it 's because I read the novel very near to the 3rd anniversary of 9/11 , but I just thought that linking this fictional character with al-Qaeda was poor on the part of Fielding . Plus , Olivia really was n't that likeable . I did n't go into this novel expecting a Bridget-eque tale , but I did expect something better than what I got .
 This is like listening to your grandma -LRB- or that old lady in the Titanic movie -RRB- telling in a gentle , slow-cadenced voice , about the `` old days . '' Among the topics covered
 This book was very disappointing . I had read reviews that lauded its descriptions of the Great Depression . Instead , it was a tedious recounting of all the ways life was different then than now . -LRB- `` We put the wash in the bucket ... Then we brought a larger bucket in from the barn . Then we turned the door knob ... Then the Big Kids filled the large bucket with hot water ... -RRB- . We can appreciate that life was different 70 + years ago , as it will be different 70 years from today . But I wanted to know what it felt like when no one had money , when a great war was approaching , when people were leaving their homes for greener pastures.I 'll have to find a different book .
 Cute book but either the author isnt clearly rememberimg her facts or she made them up . in the introduction she states her ancestors moved to IA in 1846 and hunted pheasant on their farm , one problem , pheasant were n't intoduced to the US until 1881 and that was in Oregon . Secondly , in the telling of the preparation of Thanksgiving dinner in 1930 she has some issues . They sent someone out to the garden to pick sage ? In IA ? Average high temperature in Cedar Rapids at Thanksgiving is in the lo 20s , sage was long killed by then . And hardy souls those boys in the picture , waiting to be called for supper , must be what with sitting outside with short sleeved shirts on and it being 20 degrees out . That 's as far as i could stand to read , I 'm sure there are plenty more errors beyond this point . Cute , but should be told that it 's a novel and not non-fiction .
 Unless you want to read someone else 's grandma 's diary , pass on this one . It 's entertaining if you are interested in the midwest during the depression -LRB- from one person 's perspective -RRB- but I just could n't finish it .
 This book was a disappointment . There were some good moments but overall the whole thing felt very thin -- strangely lacking in analysis and perspective . Nearly every chapter ends with a rhetorical question whose only purpose is to demonstrate how wonderful things were `` back then . '' For example the chapter about gardening ends this way `` Do you need to be told , that with the addition of a marrow bone , Mama produced a magnificent soup . . . ? Need I add that I adopted this final gathering routine right down to making a great soup in my own gardening days ? '' Unfortunately , by this point in the book , Kalish certainly does n't need to tell us these things . This rhetorical strategy was exceedingly annoying throughout.Yes , Kalish succeeds in describing how hard everyone worked back then , and that there were advantages to living so close to the natural world -LRB- her penultimate chapter on the family pets is one of the best -RRB- . But too much of the book takes on the tone of a cranky old relative spinning out only half-believable stories in a scolding tone . She often asks the reader `` Can you imagine children of today doing such a task ? '' Of course the only possible answer Kalish can imagine is No.There are no other real characters in this book other than Kalish herself . Early on she writes about a charming maiden aunt named Belle , but other than Belle nobody else comes to life . Her brothers and sisters , even her mother are strangely flat -- we are given no sense of them at all . Skip this one , and go rent a few episodes of the Waltons instead . You 'll get more character development , better writing , and fewer lectures .
 I know everyone loved this book . The New York Times Book Review named it one of the 10 best books of 2007 . I just do n't get it . There are chapters on frugality and outhouse pranks and nut gathering . Cold winters and back-breaking chores abound , but none of it held my interest . Despite the slimness of the volume , I struggled to finish . This memoir reads like an disjointed collection of encyclopedia entries pertaining to country life rather than a living , breathing experience .
 This is a reprint of the book `` Songbird '' , so check it out if you want to read the reviews when this was first published .
 AS A PERSON WHO HAS READ EXTENSIVELY ABOUT THE HOLOCAUST , FICTION AND NON-FICTION I FOUND MOST OF THE THINGS THAT HAPPENED TO THE `` SONGBIRD '' -LRB- ORIGINAL TITLE -RRB- , MIA LEVY AFTER SHE SOMEHOW GOT OUT OF THE LODZ GHETTO TO BE REALLY STRETCHING IT ! ON MANY LEVELS TOO.FIRST OF ALL THE DISTANCE FROM LODZ TO SWITZERLAND WOULD HAVE BEEN OVERWHELMINGLY DIFFICULT FOR ONE WOMAN TO TRAVERSE SAFELY ! UNFORTUNATELY , AMERICAN INTELIGENCE WAS NOT A ALL CONCERNED WITH WHAT WAS HAPPENING SO FAR AFIELD AS IN POLAND WITH JEWS IN 1941 . THE MASS KILLINGS DID NOT START UNTIL AFTER THE WANSEE CONFERENCE IN JAN. 1942 . I CA N'T IMAGINE A PERSON OF JEWISH HERITAGE WORKING SO CLOSELY WITH GERMANS AND NOT BEING QUESTIONED . ESPECIALLY WITH MIA 'S DARK LOOKS ????? THE FACT THAT SHE ENDS UP IN A BROTHEL , DOING BEATINGS WITHOUT DOING REGULAR TRICKS IS REALLY PUSHING IT!THE ENTIRE 2ND HALF OF THE BOOK MADE ME THINK I WAS READING A DANIELLE STEELE NOVEL .
 This `` purchase '' was handled very poorly by the vendor . First , the wrong book was shipped . Then , after confirmation of the ISBN , I was asked to return the incorrect item -LRB- at my cost -RRB- after which the correct book would be shipped . I was reassured that I would be reimbursed for this additional cost as well . After several weeks , I received an email from Amazon , informing me that I was getting a credit for the initial purchase price , including the initial cost of shipping . However , there was no mention of reimbursement for the additional shipping -LRB- return of the incorrect item -RRB- . Also , there was no explanation as to why the vendor did not follow up by shipping the originally-ordered item.Overall , an extremely disappointing experience with this vendor .
 As a latino who has enjoyed occasional plays or songs that used Spanglish as a gimmick , I was curious to read this book that claimed that our entire culture should be re-labeled as Spanglish.But within a few pages , I realized that the author engages in a self-congratulatory `` deconstructionist '' style designed to impress a -RRB- his writing professor in college , b -RRB- his less-educated peers , c -RRB- not sure whom ? Frequent references to Jack Kerouac , Dubois and others seems more of a last-minute thought to fluff-out or `` fatten '' the book for press time.I would not recommend this book for anyone needing to learn about the current Latino culture or our issues ; a much better bargain is the free pdf download at Lulac.org website .
 Bought this book because I am the parent of a young man who is struggling to accept his dual identity as the son of a Mexican immigrant and a basic white American woman -LRB- me -RRB- . He feels fully accepted by neither group , though we tried to give him pride in both halves . This book was so all-over-the-place that neither my son nor I could get through it . We are both avid readers and each came to the conclusion independently . The book is poorly written , poorly edited . There is no thesis , no cohesion , no development of thoughts or support for generalizations . I do n't know why a publisher thought this was worth publishing , other than perhaps that this author has achieved some notoriety and that there is a market niche for Latino authors and subjects.The author purports to know a lot about the diverse subcultures in the Spanish-speaking world . He knows zip about Mexicans . His exposure to Mexican culture seems to have been very brief , yet he feels he can make sweeping assessments about the people.Just because something is in print does not make it valuable . Just because you `` are '' something does not mean you know anything worth sharing about the group you belong to . Anyone could have written this . I am sorry to have spent my hard-earned money on this book , and it is sad because there is a dearth of positive role models and credible , uplifting reading material for young Latino men and women in America .
 Wait to check out the paperback from the library . Ed Morales ' best writing was at the beginning of his career in the Village Voice , where he displayed a passion for writing . This book smacks of someone trying to stay relevant in a desperate fashion akin to a Crackhead looking for rock in the gutter .
 I applaud Lee & Anthony for their 1st attempt for as writing novels are concerned but , I would like for them to come back stronger with a 2nd . The setting & characters are interesting but the storyline is weak -LRB- could be sharper , crisp -RRB- & gradually loses the reader 's interest . I read this one off & on for months .
 This book was a quick and amusing read , but I have to agree with the reviewer who wondered what happened to the editing . It is choppy with poor set-ups and flashbacks . It never delves deeply into character motivation and background , thus making it hard to empathize with , connect to or be really intrigued by any character . For example , Ed Thomas , by the conclusion of the book , was reduced to a sniveling idiot -- totally unrealistic for a man as powerful as he is portrayed to be . Though the authors are part of the black New York City plutocracy , they offer few meaningful insights regarding the true complexitiy of this group . Instead there are merely stereotypes , particularly of the sports and entertainment nouveau riche -LRB- ironically the two areas from which the authors derive their wealth and position -RRB- . Mrs. Lewis Lee said in a recent Wall Street Journal article that spoke to the inclusion of the African American upper class in the social bible , Town and Country , that the magazines treats `` people of color in a way that seems effortless '' ; unfortunately , she was unable to do the same in her book . While it 's a good beach read , borrow , do not buy this book .
 Gotham Diaries was a slow and painful read . They told a story , drawing the outline , but never really painting the picture . It was neither descriptive nor imaginative.The main character , Lauren , was a total bore . They wrote her up in this pathetic victim role , but not once did I feel for her , empathize with her . She was beyond naive ; she was plain stupid . The small glimmering hope was that in the end she would evolve and learn something , but they dashed and mutilated that one opportunity to redeem the book.Manny was the one character with which I sympathized and they totally scapegoated and reemed him . He is the only character that popped amongst the one-dimensional cast . He made great observations and had the only deep introspective moments , but they shafted his growth in a failed attempt to make Lauren , Ms. Victim , look better.The ending was as bad as the rest of the book . The characters were in the exact same place they started .
 This is a quick `` beach '' read and nothing more . It appears as though a few choice words were selected as the `` Vocabulary '' and utilized throughout the book in hopes of making it appear an `` intelligent '' read . The scenes are thin because the authors failed to maximize on the `` Gotham '' backdrop . They also offered little insight into the true inner workings of the black bourgeois except for the usual stereotypes . The plot is weak , the characters lack depth and the book overall is deficient of substance . I purchased the book at a B&N and expected a better editing job for the money I spent . My rating of two out of five stars is generous . I expected better .
 I gave this book one star only because there 's no option to give zero stars . This book was so poorly written it was n't even interesting . Thank goodness for libraries ! One has to assume that it got published only because one of the authors is the wife of Spike Lee . If you want to read a truly excellent novel about the black upper crust , try `` Emperor of Ocean Park '' . It 's a fluid , beautifully written , compelling story , with a final chapter that takes your breath away .
 this book has a lot going for it , but it 's in need of some cutting and pasting , in my opinion . Did it have an editor ? It reads to me like someone rushed it into print and did n't take the time to read it through and smooth it out.I did like the tone of the book , and the dialogue , and there is something unique about it . But there is something missing , something that makes it feels as if it just falls short of being really good.I was disappointed .
 I bought this book discounted , and am still upset with the amount of money I spent on it . Simply put , This book was not good . The characters were not realistic or developed at all . The story line was contrite , and juvenile . You would think with two authors , the twist and turns in the book would be more interesting , but it seemed to make the book more confusing and unreal . If these ladies wanted to set a standard in the literary world , they sadly missed their mark . I do n't recommend this book at all .
 I 'm sorry but I could only give this book 1 star ... and even that was giving it too much . This book was not only a slow starter , but the story was staid and never really pulled me in . I only read it to the end so as to not waste my money - even though it had already been wasted .
 This novel is soooo `` dishy '' and midway thru the plot became predictable . No disrespect but I was not moved by the characters or the plot . In fact I thought all the characters except 2 of them ... Trenton and the `` dl '' rapper interesting and worthy of a book of their own . I am glad that the authors cashed on their `` celebrity '' to hype this book cause I would not encourage anyone to buy this one . This is definitely a summer-vacation book .
 This book is really bad ! The book is laden with stereotypical characters who are shallow and predictable . The writing is painful . I am halfway through , and will not finish the book . It is so bad it had the opposite effect of lulling me to sleep ... it kept me up instead . Tandy , Manny , Trenton and all other characters you deserved better authors .
 I actually read the entire book despite my initial misgivings ... I kept hoping that that it would get better but it did n't . There was so much hype surrounding this book which can only be described as `` basic . '' There was nothing unique about the story and the novel lacked depth and creativity . I just thought it was going to be so much more ...
 I wish I got this from the library instead of paying for it . I finished it just to see how it would end but the story line was weak . I wo n't go into what the book was about because you can read that elsewhere if you want and I get really ticked off when people tell the whole story in their review of a book instead of if they liked it or not ... I 'll just say this
 Gotham Diaries is absolutely a waste of time and money . I wo n't waste any more of my time writing a full review .
 I was excited to read Tanya Lewis Lee 's new book , the Gotham Diaries . I was sure it would be intelligent and eye-opening , the ladies were even compared to Edith Wharton on the jacket cover . All I can say is , I was very dissapointed . This book is loaded with cliches and sterotypes . Every white person in the book is stupid and annoying . The men are cheaters , the gay guys are superficial , the women care only about their looks and how they appear socially . The characters are all one-dimensional . Lauren the beautiful second wife of Ed the philandering billionaire , Tandy the aging socialite and Manny the gay guy trying to rise up in the world . These characters are unlikable , except for Lauren . You feel like you do n't care what happens to them . Books like these can be a lot of fun , unfortunately the story is boring , the characters are lame , and the writing is extremely poor .
 Ralph Lauren , Chanel , Gucci . Oh my ! If I wanted designers I 'd go to the mall . I do n't need to know who made the office furniture and I do n't need to know how Tandy 's private parts were held while she was being waxed . I think one big flaw of the book was that the authors assumed that the reader wants extreme details of mundane events . Lee also included gross details that were just TMI - '' his thick black spit '' `` her lip print on the window . '' The book just did n't come together visually . Details are great , but save them for when it adds something to the story . I also felt that a lot of the side characters were under developed and were left overexaggerated to make up for their lack . This book is an easy , shallow , and mildly vapid read . Only read it if you 're in to that . Otherwise , you can do like me and return it to the sale bin . Honestly , I expected better - as should you .
 I 'm sorry , but this book was just plain boring . I had high expectations , maybe too high . It became a chore to continue to the next page , beginning as early as Chapter Three . Nothing about the writing , characters , pacing , or dialogue grabbed me . Maybe one day I 'll finish the book and give a complete review . Enjoy .
 I read Homecourt Advandtage so I figured oh wow she has another book out . Boy was I disappointed , I do n't even know what to say about this book . Except I gave 2 stars 1 for each author .
 The word `` Gotham '' suggests atmosphere which the book could have used more of in my opinion . Consistently in the book lines like `` the restaurant was fabulous '' or `` the hotel was opulent '' were used . Little attempt was made to transport you , to put you in the room , to truly paint the picture as it were . Atmosphere could have made it more understandable , at a visceral level , why the life is so attractive . Instead , a rational approach was used -LRB- i.e. name dropping of expensive cars , clothing , etc -RRB- which I found to be sterile , reading almost like a brochure or catalog at times . And one pet peeve
 I found this book very difficult to finnish . It started out pretty interesting however by the second/third chapter it became very hard to finnish . The characters were given great introductions however they were not fully developed until the very end . I would say the beginning and the ending of the book was great.If you can get to the ending you will be quite pleased . I am sure readers would like to know what Manny and Tandy are doing since their betrayal to Lauren . I understand that this book could be made into a series somewhat like Soul Food . If so it would be a mega hit !!!
 T.O.C. N.G. Search also No Good . A junky version even for 89 cents . And I ca n't seem to return it . We need accurate statements about the quality of the Kindle versions so we can choose appropriately . I do better formatting the books and uploading them myself .
 I agree with earlier reviewers disappointed with the lack of a meaningful table of contents . The point of choosing one eBook edition over another , especially for a text already in the public domain , is better formatting and ease of use . The description of this edition is misleading .
 I was initially excited when I heard of this new book - the first I have found on the subject of SAP IS Retail - but was soon disappointed after reading the first few chapters . And it did n't get any better as I progressed through the rest of it.The book would have benefited greatly had the authors thought to include an introductory paragraph in each section giving a plain-English conceptual overview as to what the topic at hand is about . But , true to the `` obfuscate at all times '' philosophy that seems to be part of the SAP culture , instead it just delves into terminology and concepts as if the reader already understands why one would want , say , articles classified in both merchandise and article hierarchies . I felt as if I were trying to learn how to read Sanskrit from a book written in Sanskrit - if I knew already what the author seems to assume then the book itself would be superfluous.I am in pre-sales on the AFS -LRB- Apparel Footwear Solution -RRB- side of things and am quite familiar with that topic , yet I was completely lost most of the time in this tome .
 Has anyone ever bought this book that was n't taking his class ? Everyone at the University of Pittsburgh knows that Dr. Chang is a joke . It 's time for time to retire .
 This book is a collection of his articles from his bi-weekly newspaper column , `` You Decide '' Published 2005He is for continuing as is with ; * unfettered globalization / free trade . So what , he says , if we 've lost jobs . So what , he says , if the minuscule jobs we 've gain from free trade are not of the same quality as the ones lost . * deregulating businesses because competition trumps all . Forget about all the con-men and cooperate thieves stealing billions from the American people . So what if CEOs make 400 % more than the employees . -- He 's pro immigration saying they will fix Social Security and Medicare yet in preceding chapters he more or less said there was nothing wrong with Social Security and Medicare ! And forget that , as he says , immigrants depress wages and cause increased costs for public assistance -LRB- welfare , medicaid , food banks , shelters ... -RRB- and education.He says peoples wages have gone up compared to prices of goods . In fact it is the opposite.He says women do not make less than men . `` the pay gap has virtually disappeared . '' BULL!He 's into privatization of government programs believing competition for contracts will `` eliminate wasteful spending . '' . Well it 's been proven time and time again that the only thing price competition accomplishes is cheaper products made with cheap/cheapest materials and unskilled labor doing sub-par , unsafe work . Why ? Because profit is the motive , the only driving force . I think that 's the wrong way to go when it comes to the nations roads , bridges , dams , water treatment & supply , sewage treatment , etc. . That kind of stuff needs to be of a top quality with consistent national standards.His solution to globalization for the American worker is to go to college and get yourself a job skill that ca n't be outsourced . Right . If you happen to have the IQ and money to pay for college great . If you are not so blessed or lucky , tough . It 's survival of the fittest in Michael L. Walden 's world.The unfortunate fact of life tho that Mr. Walden refuses to acknowledge is ; not everyone can be a winner . Yeah would n't it be grand if we only begat pups with high IQs and tons of ambition , creativity , ingenuity and imagination . Making money , money , money . It 'd be Walden 's ideal world.If we could just beget pups who were honest and unselfish I 'd be happy . If we could beget way fewer pups everyone and the planet would be happy , cuz like it or not , water , oil and all resources are diminishing . Growth is not the smart way to go.Oh that reminds me ... Walden says America will always be awash in food . Another delusion of his . He 's into `` unimpeded production and trade . '' regardless of the damage done to land and water . You ca n't get more irresponsible than that.Are we headed to or in a recession ; is the government overextended thanks to Iraq , Afghanistan , tax cuts , bank bailouts , etc. ? Nah . Everything is hunky-dory according to Walden -LRB- professor of agricultural/resource economics , north carolina state university -RRB- . Walden obviously lives the cloistered theoretical academic life.Table of Contents : ECONOMIC QUESTIONS ABOUT WHAT GOVERNMENT DOES , WHAT GOVERNMENT DOES N'T DO , AND HOW GOVERNMENT SPENDS OUR MONEYHas Government Spending Been Out of Control?Will the National Debt Sink Our Economic Future?Do Budget Deficits Increase Interest Rates?Can Government Spending Be Cut by Eliminating Waste?Does Government Spend Too Much , or Not Enough , on the Poor?Does Spending on War Help the Economy?Does More Spent on Education Pay-off in Student Achievement?Has the Social Security Surplus Been Stolen?Is Social Security Going Bankrupt?Should Our Money Be Backed by Gold?Should Government Enforce a Living Wage?Should the Government Control the Prices of Necessities?Should Government Pay Businesses to Create Jobs?Can Government Create Prosperity?ECONOMIC QUESTIONS ABOUT HOW MUCH TAXES ARE PAID , WHO PAYS TAXES , AND THE FAIRNESS OF THE TAXESDo We Pay 60 % to 80 % of Our Income in Taxes?Does a Tax Bracket of 40 % Mean the Government Takes 40 % of Your Income?Can Cutting Tax Rates Increase Tax Revenue?Will a Tax Cut of $ 1 Create $ 7 to $ 10 of New Income?Do Corporations Pay Too Little in Taxes?Would Rich Investors Benefit from a Flat Tax?Is the Sales Tax Regressive?Do the Rich Get a Break on Social Security Taxes?Has the Marriage Tax Ended?ECONOMIC QUESTIONS ABOUT WHAT BUSINESS DOES AND WHY AND HOW THAT AFFECTS JOBS , CONSUMERS , AND THE COUNTRYIs American Manufacturing Dying?Are Low-Paying Jobs Replacing High-Paying Ones?Are Companies Out-Sourcing Good-Paying Jobs?Will Free Trade Destroy Our Economy?Can U.S. Workers Compete with Low-Paying Foreign Workers?Do Countries Only Prosper If They Run a Trade Surplus?Is a `` Strong '' Dollar Good and a `` Weak '' Dollar Bad?Are Profits Bad?Does Business Make Obscene Profits?Does Big Business Control the Economy?Can Pro Teams and Facilities Hit Economic Home Runs?Why Are Pro Sports Stars Paid So Much for Playing a Game?Are We Running Out of Farmers , Farmland , and Food?Are Gas Prices at an All-Time High ?? Do Big Oil Companies Manipulate Oil Supplies and Gas Prices?Should We Become Energy Self-Sufficient ? Is Immigration Hurting Our Economy?ECONOMIC QUESTIONS ABOUT HOW HOUSEHOLDS LIVE AND HOW THEY EARN AND SPEND MONEYIs Everything More Expensive Today , or Should You Wish for the `` Good Old Days '' ? Does It Take Two Incomes for Families to Get Ahead Today?Are Americans Drowning in Debt and Not Saving?Do Women Earn Less Than Men?Are the Rich Getting Richer and Everyone Else Getting Poorer?Is Poverty Getting Worse?If It Saves One Life , Is It Worth the Cost?Can Families Afford College?Would Importing Drugs Lower their Prices?Can the Government Lower Consumers ' Health Costs ?
 I have read quite a few historical fictions , and this one is definately sub-par . It is inspired by real people , but the author herself admits that one of her main characters is based on someone who existed nearly 100 years BEFORE the events in the book . It seemed badly written and tried too hard to erotic , but ended up being repeative and gross.Definately leave this alone .
 I agree with an earlier review that called this `` Gross '' - I thought the book trashy and the characters disgustingly described and yes , gross . If you are looking for the well-researched , historically accurate , well balanced and TASTEFULLY written historical novel - this is NOT it ... not by a longshot . I will , however , admit that I stopped reading a little more than half way through the book . I hate to not finish a book I 've started , even if it is n't very good , but I just could n't make myself finish this one .
 This was a pretty strange book . I felt as the other reader did who said it was n't what he expected and hurried through it so he could give it away . . Very forgettable .
 Fooled me ... not a great book . . I usually read a book of this size in 1 -2 days ... . I 'm pushing on two weeks ... . just want to get through it and give it away .
 The author obviously tries TOO hard to write here . Too much icing , not enough cake . His descriptions are too redundant and become trite after three pages of the same thing . This might be his first book he has ever composed . I was sad , not about the storyline but about the authors style . I recommend you move on to other titles ...
 There are so many posibilities with the premise of this story but the writer just did n't take advantage of them . Too busy hurling shock phrases and filth . Luckily the book is only 163 pages . I 'm at 124 and do n't see the point in finishing . Female voices do n't ring true at all . Too much `` piss elegance '' finger snapping and references to `` Ross '' . There are so many mentions made of the diva I thought maybe she 'd written this book . All of the female characters were without dimension . The only true voices were the interactions between Lamont and Dorian , but the scene was too short . Maybe the next book will be about male relationships of the heart and not the organ . The writer 's style is dramatic and I was looking forward to a good story . I 'm still looking for it .
 You can see glimpses of Clay 's talent in some very poetic passages - but they are too rare and far between to save this book . The sexual descriptions are graphic , but unnecessarily so . This is a man who either does n't know women , only hangs with shallow women , or hates them . The women do not ring true and are simply pathetic . According to Clay , EVERY man is gay and/or enjoys sexual experiences with men . In this brother 's world , heterosexual men do not exist , which would explain why the women are so extra 'd out , stereotypical , and more like characitures of females than actual , believealbe people . The plot twists cease to be compelling after the initial shocker , which is just absurd . The whole book is rather absurd and ridiculous . Women killing themselves and a women actually finding sexual pleasure in doing so is just pathetic . My entire book club hated this book and others had seen Clay 's work before so were very disappointed . If you like grahpic sex - read it . But if you also like tightly woven plots , realistic characters , sensible story progression , or deep and true exploration - DO N'T read this book . The only deep character was -LRB- surprise ! -RRB- a gay man who lived his life in the closet and only his relationship with his father seemed to be a good story - the rest was crap .
 For example , Shulman does not provide any norms for the FAS-Test -LRB- a test of verbal fluency -RRB- even though it provides lengthy instructions about how to do it.The Mental Status Examination in NeurologyandCognitive Assessment for Cliniciansboth provide norms for this test.Neither Shulman norThe Mental Status Examination in Neurologyprovide the acutal test for the Trail Making Test , butCognitive Assessment for Cliniciansdoes . My own recollection is thatThe Mental Status Examination in NeurologyandCognitive Assessment for Clinicianscomplemented each other well when I read them both and cobbled together my own , prefered cognitive test battery and data for interpreting the results of it . Together , the other two books are about the same cost as Shulman . I myself would buyCognitive Assessment for Cliniciansand then go from there .
 This book is OK with loverly Braaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaanding , any questions ?
 It is one of the few books specifically on corporate governance in Asia . The writer put in a lot of reference materials but it will be a challenge for him to keep them updated given that -LRB- i -RRB- this book was first published in 2005 and -LRB- ii -RRB- a lot of new development frequently in this area.If we take it as a ` business ' book , the writer does not seem to be able to make it an interesting topic . -LRB- By the way , the font size is far too small . -RRB- If we take it as a reference book , it will not be able to keep it current.For those readers looking for books in corporate governance , I will recommend those by Professor Robert Ian Tricker who manage to deliver his messages in an inspiring way .
 This book was not at all what I expected from Brands , who was a Pulitzer Prize finalist for his biography of Benjamin Franklin , First American . In trying to make an academic biography accessible to the reading public , Brands ' writing suffers greatly and becomes far too colloquial . At one point , when discussing Indian-White relations , he goes so far as to call the whites `` Palefaces . '' It was a chore to get through , and while it heightened my knowledge of Jackson , nothing was particularly memorable except what I already knew or , perhaps , the actions I disagreed with -LRB- his invasion of Florida or his use of martial law after the Battle of New Orleans -RRB- . Particularly when discussing Jackson 's historically far reaching actions , such as kicking the Cherokees out of Georgia , or his battle with Biddle and eventual destruction of the Bank of the United States , Brands does a deplorable job of explaining what happened . Elements of background , and why Jackson did whatever it was he did exactly , as the reader will be confused on that point , are conspicuously missing . I have read similarly poor reviews of another biography by Brands , TR
 When I was a young lawyer , I worked with a man who was twice editor in chief of the Yale Law Journal -LRB- both before and after his service in World War II . He is the only person to have accomplished that feat -RRB- and who was the first Jew at the preeminent law firm of Cravath Swain & Moore . The point being that he was highly intelligent , highly accomplished and , very relevant here , knew how to write persuasively . `` David , '' he taught me , `` always tell a story chronologically . '' There are times when a writer will want to deviate from that rule but , due to likely confusion for the reader , the writer is almost always wrong . H. W. Brands biography of Andrew Jackson demonstrates the truth of what my colleague taught.In `` Andrew Jackson
 Considering both the author and the subject matter , this was surprisingly bad.Jackson 's election was the first election of a president by `` the people '' -LRB- the people bing white , male , and in some states , just property owners -RRB- . How did this happen and what did it mean for the country - you wo n't find out here.And Jackson as president had a significant impact on how the federal government of the United States operated , from federalism -LRB- handling South Carolina 's attempt to succeed -RRB- , to the National Bank , to the proposed expansion of the conuntry.So how were each of these handled and what did it mean ? Again , you wo n't find out much here . Yes Jackson made a toast to the preservation of the Union and yes that was important . But according to this book that was it.The book reads easily and is good up through the battle of New Orleans . But it does n't tell you much about Jackson 's impact on our government and country . Yet that is why he is so important .
 This book was very thourough and would probably be best for someone who is into Andrew Jackson and American History big time . The writter tends to go on and on in some cases.You better bone up on your English vocabulary through and through before tackling this book . Brands used words in his book that I have , quite honestly , never seen or heard of before . I may be a little challenged in that department but this made the reading difficult for me and lost my interest in what he was trying to convey.For someone wanting the basics on Andrew Jackson 's life and times without all the flair I would look elsewhere .
 Overall , not a terrible book . Very well researched as evidenced by close to fifty pages of sources and notes -LRB- approximately one page for every 10 pages of text -RRB- . Andrew Jackson was most certainly an interesting character . That , along with the deep research , allowed the book to at least be tolerable.I found Brand 's writing style high-browed and frustrating throughout the book . He is a professor of history at the University of Texas at Austin . It seems to me he is writing to a college audience , with the goal of having them scrambling for their dictionaries every page or two . He seems to enjoy using words which are beyond the scope of most people -LRB- including me , and I am a history buff with a Master 's degree and 26 years of successful business experience -RRB- . The language of Jackson 's era was very formal and it occured to me as I read the book that Brand seemed to be competing with the language used during that period.I 'll allow you to be the judge by choosing some of Brand 's actual words at random by flipping through the book . Note these are Brand 's actual words in the text of the book and not quotes from the 1800 's . Pettifoggery , prevaricate , entrepot , perfidy , inveterate , aggrandizement , vouchsafed , expatiated , plenipotentiary , apostasy , seditious , sine qua non , junto , bete noire , peroration , denouement and deistic . Hundreds of others exist in the book and these are examples only.I am certain there are people out there , maybe in academic circles , who use these words in normal conversation and understand them -LRB- and who will no doubt scoff at my ignorance -RRB- . That said , this book will not appeal to the majority of the population due to Brand 's insistence on language which often is not understandable.My low rating considers how awesome Andrew Jackson really was on a number of fronts and how good of a book this could have been in the right author 's hands.I would suggest readers read the recently published 1776 by David McCullough , THE PIRATE COAST -LRB- about Thomas Jefferson and the First Marines -RRB- or THE PIRATE HUNTER -LRB- Captain Kidd -RRB- , the latter two by Richard Zacks.I found all three books tremendous . Not only were they historical and informative but they were interesting and enjoyable to read as well - which is the major theme lacking in ANDREW JACKSON . Mr. Brand ought to shed the tweed jacket with the elbow patches , his pipe and stuffy writing style , and instead author books like these.Ironically , the book aptly outlines that Jackson was the first `` common man '' to rise to the presidency - a true man `` of the people '' . Unfortunately , Brands apparently does not suscribe that method of thinking personally .
 This is pretty flowery stuff . The kind of soft peddled history that either glosses over more controversial and negative aspects of the man , or completely ignores them . The author 's other newer book , `` What Hath God Wrought '' portrays a very different Jackson . This one is more like something one would have been taught in an American history class in the 1960s - a sanitized version .
 In full disclosure , I 'm not exactly in the target audience for this book -- rather , I 'm the parent of the target audience for this book . I thought the premise was sweet -- showing that genuine niceness and self confidence can lead to popularity . However , I found the references to `` Turkish-style '' sex scenes in romance novels unnecessary , the repeated scenes of Steph spying on her naked male neighbor distasteful , and the following quote to be a total dealbreaker
 I guess this is going against popular -LRB- pun not intended -RRB- opinion , but I did n't really care for this book . I thought Steph was kind of lame and did n't really have any remarkable qualities . She does n't seem to like the friends she has and she does n't realize that she 's in L-U-V with her nerdy guy friend . Some of the other characters were also frustrating . There was something about the timeline of the plot that made it really unbelievable - Steph starts getting really popular in the course of a week . I liked her relationship with her grandfather and his fiancee , who is actually her guy friend 's grandma -LRB- weird -RRB- . I hate stories where the main character swoons over the popular guy/girl , and then realizes at the last minute that it 's their friend-of-the-opposite-sex that they really love .
 Not worth money . Worth poop . Do no buy . Me no likey . Me say bad . Not know what say more . Do NOT buy this banana dipped in chocolate with lemon .
 We were reading this in a Bible Study I was in . Maybe it 's just me , but it was terribly painful to get from one page through the next . It is way too deep and for the average reader , very hard to interpret Dallas ' writing style . The sentences are full of unnecessarily `` big '' words , and his prose is just ... well , `` boring '' . I actually could n't get through it all and stopped going to the class . That 's how it became for me . I wo n't purchase or study his writings anymore ; I just ca n't get through the complicated sentence structures and verbiage . Sorry .
 Great follow up to Divine Conspiracy ... a reminder to keep moving toward Jesus in the process of transformation and Kingdom living .
 HIS MISTRESS BY MORNING has an intriguing plot ... 26 year old spinster charlotte wilmont has been in love with sebastian marlowe , viscount trent , for as long as she can remember . she has just received an inherited ring from her aunt , a ring that has the power to grant one wish of the person wearing it . charlotte does n't know this at the time , but after seeing sebastian one day her secret longings are voiced aloud . she wishes sebastian was in love with her.she awakens the next morning to find herself in the arms of sebastian after a night of passion and she 's of course very confused because whereas the day before she was an on the shelf spinster , she is now the most celebrated cyprian in london and sebastian is her lover ... and very much in love with her . however , sebastian is n't a rich lover and therefore must marry an heiress in order for him to save his family from financial ruin.i purchased this book because i was curious to see how the author would pull this storyline out and unfortunately , i was disappointed with the results . while i found charlotte to be a tolerable heroine , her preoccupation with all things sebastian left her characterization threadbare . it seemed everything she did was for the sole purpose of obtaining sebastian 's adoration , and this despite the fact that the reader learns nothing of why she loves him in the first place . i mean , we 're told he 's honorable and dependable and boring despite being handsome , which made me wonder what charlotte saw in him other than his looks.in the ` wish world ' where she 's the cyprian , sebastian is totally different . here he 's a rake , charming and engaging and enjoying life , but he 's behaving in the opposite manner as he was in the ` world before the wish is made ' , so basically she 's enamored with a totally different side of this guy.not to mention the fact that charlotte 's alternate persona ` lottie ' comes across as a mercenary and materlistic person , which made it impossible for me to believe sebastian was in love with her for any other reason than the fact that she was beautiful and great in bed . i will say the author did a decent job with the love scenes , although because the characters are supposed to be already intimate at the time the ` wish world ' begins , there was a lack of build up , kind of like sex without foreplay.the time the author spends in the ` wish world ' is too long , so that by the time charlotte goes from cyprian back to spinster there are roughly one hundred pages left for her to get sebastian to fall in love with her . she uses information she gained as the cyprian in the ` wish world ' to woo him , which seemed to me like cheating instead of her actually having an inate knowledge of her supposed beloved . i mean , if i had the cheat sheet to what pleased the man i loved , of course he 'd fall in love with me , right ? it made it seem as though their love was manipulated moreso than fated and took all of the romance of discovery out of the mix.the ending was extremely rushed . it was like one minute sebastian is wondering who this new charlotte is -LRB- because of course she adopts some of her ` lottie ' personality in her attempts to woo him -RRB- and the next minute he 's in love with her . it really seemed to happen just that fast . again , very little build up.so while i appreciate the author 's original concept , i ca n't recommend this book . the characterization of both hero and heroine was sketchy , the heroine 's singular purpose of getting the hero to fall in love with her left her uninteresting to me , and while the love scenes were done well , the lack of build up of the whole love story made me feel like they were strangers highly attracted to each other sexually , but with no other common interests to a warrant a long-lasting love .
 But I found this book to be an unpleasant read . There is just so much `` what if 's '' that I can handle
 Poor , downtrodden , and reserved Charlotte Wilmont has loved her best friend 's older brother - Sebastian Marlowe , Viscount Trent - for years , but he barely notices her . He is now about to be betrothed to a passionless heiress in order to save his family from financial ruin , and Charlotte is miserable . She inherits an odd ring from her great-aunt and , while wearing it , casually wishes that she could be the woman that Sebastian loves . It winds up that the ring has magical power to grant one wish , and the next morning Charlotte -LRB- as `` Lottie '' -RRB- wakes up to a new life where Sebastian does indeed love her ... but as his mistress , not his wife.I enjoy Ms. Boyle 's writing , particularly last year 's `` Something About Emmaline '' . This latest offering , however , just did not appeal to me . The plot device of having Charlotte turn up in a new life with most things reversed was fine , but it was carried on for far too long and weighed down the story . Also , Lottie 's character had a history that was unattractive and mercenary . It is hard to understand how Sebastian would have fallen in love with such a woman . Charlotte 's assumption of her identity does soften her , but not enough . The story was much better when it returned to her old life in the last third of the book , for this is clearly when Charlotte was her most charming . Sebastian had a good deal of charm as well , as did his quirky family . I look forward to more satisfying future installments in the series .
 I just could not get into this book . I tried repeatedly and everytime I got over one irritation , I 'd read another page and get frustrated all over again . Everyone in the story changed so much and all in the beginning , too confusing . I will also pass on this series . Read at your own risk .
 I 'm very disappointed in this book , from reading her previous books , I was expecting this to be a good one . This book is more of a fantasy book than a historical book . The plot is lukewarm , the characters are lukewarm . I had to fast forward a few pages every now and then . I recommend anyone to bypass this book , and it looks like she 's going to go with this theme for awhile since she 's writing about Sebastian 's siblings . this is more like a fairy tale than a romance novel .
 I have enjoyed Ms. Boyle 's other books but I just could not get into this one due to the gimmick of the ring and wish . Too many books to finish one that is not my style . But ... if you like a touch of magic and do n't mind the usual run-up romancing you may enjoy this one .
 Boyle 's idea of using magic to let the main characters experience an alternate reality could have been successful , but was n't . The main problem is that her hero and heroine are just plain annoying in their `` magic '' lives . Lottie is basically a harlot who is conceited , sly -LRB- not in a good way -RRB- , and altogether too dim-witted , while Sebastian seems to be a manic/depressive ... and dirt poor as well . I had no respect for his `` magic '' self because he could n't hold onto a dime -LRB- or shilling -RRB- for more than a minute . He gambled money he did n't have and then shrugged his shoulders about it . He was alternately jealous and angry , yelling at her and calling her names , or sexy and loving . Their fights kept leading to angry sex . It was ridiculous . When we get back to their `` real '' lives , they are people I do n't recognize . I might have liked them more , but Boyle kept giving them glimpses of those dratted `` magic '' selves . I had to skim a lot of this book , a fact that never endears me to the author . This was really a waste of my time .
 I was excited to purchase this book on Amazon but its been a month and I have yet to receive anything in the mail . I expected it to take a few weeks , but a month is far past ridiculous . I am moving across the country in a week , and I am hoping to get it before then but I am not holding my breath .
 I usually like Enoch 's novels . When I saw this one at the bookstore , I immediately snatched it up , and am now regretting not reading the reviews before I did . Lord Zachary is a boat without a rudder . Coming from a high ranking family , whose older brother is the Duke of Melbourne , Zachary is at a loss as to his purpose in life , so is constantly starting ventures and abandoning them when they lose his interest . Finally , he 's hit upon what he wants , or thinks he wants to do , take up a military post and find glory in war . Unfortunately , the Duke knows his brother too well , and commands Zachary to accompany their aunt to Bath before making such a momentous life changing decision . Along the way , his aunt takes a side trip to visit her dear school friend - one who happens to have seven eligible , unmarried daughters . The oldest in this eccentric family , is Caroline Witfield , who does not want to be married - she dreams of becoming a painter.This may seem to be the makings of a good story , but Enoch , unfortunately , does not deliver . The story falls flat because of the characters . Zachary is redeemable , but Caroline is just blah . She is an uninteresting character because of her single -- mindedness and her unlikeability . Enoch attempts to set her apart from her sisters , portraying her sisters as flighty creatures with only one thing on their mind - to get married . The relationship between Caroline and her sisters leaves a bad taste in the reader 's mouth - you get the feeling they do n't like each other , and Caroline is the worst . Her only goal is her painting , she does n't care what happens to her sister 's or her parents . Very one-dimensional character.The relationship between Zachary and Caroline is another blah . There is no chemistry , there are no sparks . If the two were shoved into a room full of combustible material , they would not have to worry of an explosion going off . I kept putting the book down , and in the end , had to force myself to finish it . It 's a bad sign for me when it takes 3 weeks to finish a book , I did n't even care if Zachary and Caroline ended up together . I just wanted to finish the book so I could sell it back .
 I have read this author before , but this book was disappointing . Both leading characters are weak and selfish , including Caroline 's family members .
 I purchased this book excited to be reading one of my favorite authors only to be sadly dissapointed . This is the second book of Suzanne 's I did not care for . I was also dissapointed by `` Sin and Sensability '' This plot moved very slow and the herione 's family was obnoxious . The point of the story was to show a herione who was independent and career minded yet her sisters were obsessed with trapping and marrying a man . I found their involvement as well as other secondary characters in the story boring and exhausting . The few times the main characters were allowed to be alone , the story would get interesting . Alas , this was to little and to late in the book .
 The behaviour and language was not appropriate to the period in which the story was written . -LRB- The hero kept saying `` No worries '' Argh ! -RRB- I often can overlook this if the story is compelling but in this case I had to force myself to finish the book . I so enjoyed this author 's trilogy ending in England 's Perfect Hero that I added her to my auto-buy list . After her last two novels , she 's off that list . I hope her next book will be an improvement .
 The author 's style is a bit too casual - perhaps appeals to some but not to me . Apparently , it 's important to be edgy today . The book is less like reading history and more like reading a gossipy , tell-all . Also , the author 's bias permeates the book - you never have to guess which historical character he likes or dislikes . Everitt blithely impugn Caesar 's -LRB- and Anthony 's -RRB- sexuality , based on no real historical evidence , but it does add a salacious element.Everitt does manage to convey a good amount of information , but it is too bad that Adrian Goldsworthy had n't written a book on Augustus .
 I must disagree with the glowing reviews this book has received . I think it was in general factual -LRB- based on the sources -RRB- but the speculation read almost like pseudo-history al la `` The Davinci Code . '' It seemed to me , the author accepted some comments from the sources , and discounted others , without ever really saying why . An introductory book on the live Augustus should have some comment on the source material , and why it should be viewed with some scrutiny.The book spent more time on the early life of the Pinceps and then seemed to speed up after the battle of Actium . I also got the distinct feeling the author put Octavius in a bad light whenever being compared to Mark Antony . There seemed to be a sudden change once Antony was out of the picture . Then , Augustus could do no wrong , unless it was in regards to his moral belief ; which seemed only worthy of the authors scorn.If you are reading to enjoy a good biography , and already know some things about Republican/imperial Rome , this is an okay book . You should be able to move over the chapters with some enjoyment . If you are a beginner and looking for an introductory book on the great change between the Republic to the Empire , my fear would be , this book may lead you astray .
 Good historical biographies should have a certain sympathy for their subject . This is not to say that the author needs to agree with their actions , or condone their mistakes , or meekly report their own propaganda . But the biographer should be able to stand in the shoes of his subject , and view things from his perspective . The text should clearly answer the question , `` Why should I want to know this person 's story ? `` To answer that question fairly , the biographer needs to respect his subject . This author does not . It 's clear that somewhere along the lines of his research , the author decided he did n't like Octavian very much . Unfortunately , he let his opinion dictate his writing , filling the text with smarmy personal insults , unsubstantiated rumor , and vicious character judgments . I found myself constantly thrown outside the flow of the narrative , and made all too well-aware of the author 's prejudices and judgments.The author gets more vicious the deeper you get in the book . Despite his promise in the introduction that `` Octavian was the rare political actor who got better as he advanced in age '' -LRB- the author presumably says this to justify all the vitriol he 's dumped on Octavian in the first few chapters -RRB- - here 's his final conclusion about Octavian -LRB- from his death bed -RRB-
 After my second read-through of the book , I 'm still not enthusiastic about it . In fact , rather than breathlessly following an ` often terrifying drama , ' I got bored at times , and more often than not , Augustus did not ` come alive , ' at least not to me.The book is one of the many new popular history books , a worthy undertaking , bringing history back into the eye of the general public . However , it should also be readable to the more knowledgeable history enthusiast and the professional . Mr. Everitt , known to many Roman history buffs through his Cicero
 The introduction and 1/2 of the 1st chapter is missing , unreal . Where is is the quality control ??? It will be returned .
 I bought the e-book version of this biography and whilst the book was interesting enough - entertaining in fact - it drove me crazy that there were paragraphs missing at the beginning of every chapter ; suddenly the text made no sense ! I was so annoyed I returned it to Amazon - no hassle ! - but I 'd rather have the complete version ...
 Okay , the story is n't dreadful , but most of the characters are shallow . Compared to other books in this genre , this is a weak contender . The author attempts to convince the reader she is writing a `` Regency '' novel by overwhelming the story with adjectives such as `` jaded '' or `` cynical '' -- obviously all heroes must be dukes no less , who radiate such qualities . Nothing original here . Dozens of better authors exist -- Lindsey , Coulter , Quick , Laurens etc. . Do n't waste time reading this one .
 The synopsis sounded interesting and the reviews were good . I should have waited until other negative reviews came out . The story was silly . I ran out of patience and the book ended in the trash bin .
 I was so disappointed in this book after reading the reviews . The characters were so `` boring '' and so not exciting . The storyline was really predictable and so obvious . This was a boring read .
 Have been reading regencies since I discovered J. Austen and G. Heyer in my teens . This is a good read , fast paced and the characters keep you interested . The ladies of course have a very modern outlook , but I like that . If you enjoy A.Quick 's books you will like this , also , S.Laurens .
 Once again , I have fallen prey to recommendations . I bought A Matter of Scandal based on some very high recommendations . After getting 1/2 way through the book , I am very disappointed !! While I like the plot of the book with the wager , I felt that the story could have been better developed overall.What distracted/frustrated me most was the fact that Grey brought along his shallow friends and those simpering women !! They kept getting in the way of what could have been a more romantic , fun story.I think Grey 's arrogance was a bit over the top !! He just really was n't my favorite type of romantic hero . Emma was developed a bit more than Grey . If she had been paired up with a stronger hero this story may have worked for me.I am going to donate this book and a few of my other `` recommended '' books to a nursing home , hospital , or local library . Otherwise , it will collect dust on my bookshelf from lack of reading .
 I 've read several Suzanne Enoch books -- this is not one of her best . I was just kind of bored with it . The main characters were likeable enough , but the story never really draws you in , and after a while it gets rather tedious . Try reading Dare 's story in `` The Rake '' and the other two `` Lessons in Love '' books by Enoch for a much better respresentation of her writing .
 I thought this book was a disappointment . A really stupid ` wager ' results when Emma refuses to pay her rent increase because the land-owner has a rich nephew , the Duke of Wycliffe , and he can afford to support them for free . Throughout the book all the characters say how arrogant he is -LRB- including all his friends -RRB- , but its never pointed out that she 's as arrogant if not more so than he ... certain that she literally knows everything better than anyone else . Everyone over 18 in this book is shallow and selfish . Grey wants everyone to do things his way , she wants the same thing , his guests are leeches , his uncle is an idiot , Freddie is evil , Tristan is plotting against his ` friend ' for a lark . Its definitely not the worst book I 've every read , but I found the plot and characters very unengaging .
 This was terrible . I can do without the blood and gore that was required to fill pages . The book fell short on character development . I do n't think I 'll read another by this author . I love suspense , but this missed the target . Sure glad I did n't pay out hard cash for this one !
 Did n't finish it . A bunch of hapless depressives , waiting listlessly in their rain-soaked town for something Very Bad to happen . Along with all the smarter residents , I finally left town with perhaps a quarter of the book unread . I assume the long-promised doom finally did arrive , but I did n't care enough to wait around and see .
 The old saw , `` You get what you pay for '' , certainly applies here . I forced myself to finish this , feeling the ending would be illuminating -- it was not . A total waste of time , in my opinion . I tried to not give it one star , but it was impossible on the system , which is a true shame .
 I enjoy a good horror book as much as the next guy ... but I was severely disappointed by Langan 's attempt to build a plot from nothing more than gore and crude sexual depictions . We used to be treated to truly terrifying thrillers that played with the mind - an effort like this which merely sinks to the lowest common denominator leaves me wishing I could get a refund on time invested.In short
 &#34; be glad , very glad that your eyes are n't blue . &#34; not my idea of a plot .
 This is a book not worth reading . I struggled through the last chapters.K . Cullen
 A town that is cursed , a doomed cast of characters , empty , puerile dialog surrounding a predictable , hackneyed theme ... a waste of time.I am an avid reader . Peter Straub 's review inspired my purchase . I have loved reading almost every book he 's written . And , because he touted The Keeper , I decided it must be a worthy read.I do n't like giving up on something once started , so I trudged on even though I thought the story was one of unlikable , self pitying puppets running mindlessly in circles -- and bound to stay that way.I breathed a sigh of relief when I read the final sentence.I give it less than 1 star . Not because I enjoy being a critic , but as a caution to anyone looking for a good ghost story .
 Am I extraordinary because I was not impressed with this book even though there was no charge for it on my Kindle ? The story is an incestuoous relationship between a father and his eldest daughter , its effect on the child 's mother and younger sister , and its creepy effect on the small town . There is also the background of long-term environmental devastation to the town itself and its residents which pre-dates the story itself . When the author listed her credits and acknowledgments at the end of the book , it all made sense as she is completing a degree in environmental engineering and was showcasing her concerns over damaging our environment .
 This is a horrible book . Not that it is badly written . The story is obviously a horror story , but one that is too close to home to the true horror of what many people experience . I firmly believe in no uncertain terms should anyone with any history of abuse , be it child abuse , sexual abuse , emotional or physical abuse should read this book . The characters are true real , the injuries and pain too plausible . This is art laying bear the reality of the pain and despair that can reside within human lives through hyperbole certainly , but it is still very real . Having counseled people so injured , I would be concerned that the story , which grabs you , would open many wounds and even forestall healing that is already taking place . It is a horrible book because it reflects what is in all to many cases a true horrible existence for some human beings .
 I enjoyed the beginning of the book and thought to myself
 For the fans of horror fiction , I will preface my review by saying I 'm not a fan of the genre and probably would not have read this if it had not been a Kindle freebie so near to Halloween.I think much of the writing is excellent , especially for a debut novel , and I would rate this much higher if it had lived up to its opening promise . It grabbed me right away , the characters were interesting and held my interest through the first half , which I read quickly . Then it bogged down mid-way in details , repetitions and `` hitched breath , '' and I thought it would never end . The constant retelling of several characters ' back story not only slowed the novel but made it feel disjointed . But even if everything else had been perfect , the constant use of a character `` hitching '' her breath irritated me enough to affect my rating . `` Hitched '' breath is a phrase I 've never heard before , maybe it 's a Maine thing , but it was overused to the point of distraction.But I 'll repeat that much of the writing was excellent , as was much of the character development , so I suspect that the flaws of this novel can be chalked up to its being a debut and I may try this author again next October .
 This book rambles and basically is a total waste of your time to read . I almost did n't finish it . It took forever for the story to get going and even once it did I did n't feel like it ever got where it was supposed to go !
 This book started out with enough mystery about Susan Marley I was hooked . She wanders around town with no explanation as to what is really wrong with her . However , as this book goes on the mystery starts getting a little old . I was ready for this book to be over long before the end came . I was disappointed in this book , I was n't sure what to expect . And the closer the end got the more confusing the book seemed to get for me . I had trouble following it and what character was actually talking . I did n't realize from reading the back of the book , this was a story about a town destroyed by a paper mill and the ghosts were coming back . I do n't recommend this book ; it felt more like a waste of my time .
 This book jumped from here to there , character here and there with no explanation of why it changed . First it talked about a person or a conversation - then jumped to another person out of the blue . And none of it was even interesting . Boring . . I could not finish . This lady is no author in my opinion . Just a bunch of rambling on ... this is probably the worst book I have read and I am a huge reader with so many books I had to get a kindle . It will be deleted off my kindle to make room for something else . Waste of money .
 The book starts off well but by the middle of the book , I just wanted it to end . I kept waiting for it to get better but it just got more bizarre and had a stupid plot . I could n't wait for it to end and then I felt like I just wasted my time . It was a freebie and worth every penny .
 Okay , I have really been trying to find something remotely interesting about this book ... . its just not happening . I found myself skipping pages looking for something meaningful to happen . I am giving up today , ca n't even finish the book ! Guess it was worth the price I paid for it ... nothing !
 First , Amazon amazes me . I read this book and came here to read the reviews . Amazon informed me that I had already purchased the book . I looked up the invoice and found to my relief that I had paid nothing . It was a freebee . It would have been more horrifying to me than the novel to have discovered that I had paid money for it.Now to the book . A common word you will find in many of the reviews is `` boring '' . That pretty well sums up the experience of the read to me . The characters are not well developed , there are too many of them , the plot is weak , the largest part of the book is a boring description of the fantastic implosion of the town . Three parts to this book
 i can appreciate most genres in books but i can not believe this was ever put in print . i found it to be mind numbing in stupidty and i dont know what its purpose is . what a waste of my time .
 Besides being a disgusting tale of a father raping his own daughter , the book is stupid and boring . Even free it is overpriced .
 I 've read 100s of horror novels , and I was excited to read this one , mostly due to the fact that it 's a female author . I wanted something different in my horror and so I figured a female might present a different perspective . And that was the case . And that 's what kept me going thru to the end of the novel.Unfortunately , the novel itself gets in the way of fulfilling my expectations . Sarah Langan is a fine writer , nothing special , but above-average . But the pacing of the novel is dreadful . The first 100 pages follow a number of different characters , and then the next 100-150 pages follow two characters almost exclusively . The final 1/3 of the novel follows a number of different characters again . From that aspect , I was left never caring about anybody and confused about who I should identify with , or root for . And the antagonist -LRB- s -RRB- , I did n't hate or feel sorry for them.The plot itself is simple ... an outcast girl with an abusive past out for revenge , but the execution was confusing . The horror elements especially were confusing . I was n't ever sure whether a particular scene was real or only in the character 's imagination . That led me to get bored very quickly and I certainly was n't ever scared . That said , in some circumstances , had the novel had some of these problems fixed , I totally would have been frightened at some of the horror scenes . And as a result , I will at some point give Sarah Langan another chance . However , this novel in particular is pretty dreadful . Among the worst I 've read ... but like I said , the author still intrigues me , and has future promise .
 I enjoyed The Missing , but could n't get into Audrey 's Door ; so I gave this writer a third try with The Keeper , to break the tie . While I enjoy Ms. Langan 's style , The Keeper just did n't go anywhere that gave me a sense of foreboding or a taste of fear . I kept reading , hoping the tension would mount and climax at some point , but , I do n't know , it just never came to fruition . It 's going to take a lot of hardy recommendations to pick up another of this author 's books . I 've been reading horror for like forty years , so perhaps I 'm jaded , or just hard to please at this point . Four stars for the good writing , minus two for the premise .
 I really wanted to like this novel , but I could n't . I tried to get into the story , but finally gave up about halfway through . It just was n't that great of a story . Most of the characters seem contrived , though I did like Liz Marley . I just wish the others had been as interesting as she was.I do n't like to give books negative reviews , so I 'll just say perhaps this just was n't my kind of story ...
 I tried , really , but I just could n't finish it . Too many characters with too little substance . Herky jerky jumps from one character then back again . It just did n't tie together well . It was like watching a bad TV program that you hope will get better but just does n't . You know where the plot is going but getting there just is n't worth the time . After reading 68 % of the book I said , &#34; That 's all folks &#34; .
 I am glad that I managed to get this book for free because I would have felt cheated otherwise . It took me a long time to finish the book because of how boring it was.It is funny to read through the reviews and notice that there are some that loved the book and some that hated it . I am one of the later.If it was still free I would say to go ahead and attempt to read it ... but they are asking $ 6.99 for it now so I say save your money and read something else .
 The town of Bedford , Maine is dying , little by little . The paper mill is closed ; families are leaving looking for better lives ; the kids that live there can not wait to graduate high school and get out . Liz Marley is one of those girls hoping to leave behind her family and sister Susan . Susan is the specter of the town ; wandering around , not speaking to anyone and somehow invading the thoughts of all the people in the town . When Susan falls to her death in a terrible accident all the dark secrets of Bedford and its inhabitants begin to come out ; the dead start to rise and madness is taking over little by little.I do n't read much horror anymore , but The Keeper sounded promising and it was a freebie for Kindle . It actually started out quite well , reminiscent of Stephen King 's early novels set in small town Maine ; unfortunately somewhere about halfway through the storyline became too violent , too choppy and at times in the midst of all that too boring with a lot of repetition and far too much detail . The biggest problem for me is that I did n't care about most of the people in the book , whenever I felt a connection it was too fleeting and soon I just wanted to get to the end , which unsurprisingly was anti-climatic . I rated it two stars because it did start out well and since it is a debut maybe future books will be better ; I like to give new authors the benefit of a doubt .
 While the author goes to great lengths to build out individual chapters , they lack cohesion and order as a whole . The story wanders all over the map , one minute being told in the past , the next in the present , and without the chapter titles as a reference it 's often left to the reader to discern where , and when , exactly , the author is writing about . There are times where this almost feels more like a collection of short stories , or seems to be a pre-edited version of a novel rather than a finished product because of the way the story plays out.The subject matter within the story -LRB- without creating a spoiler -RRB- is also not necessarily the stuff of a true horror story , but rather , relies upon certain elements which are offensive to society -LRB- both from moral and ethical standpoints -RRB- rather than exercising a talent for creating descriptive events . In all , this book will likely disappoint many , be offensive to many others , and because of the disjointed , almost scattered storytelling , just simply wo n't be enjoyable .
 there are no heroes , only victims . imagine poltrgeist if everybody died and nobody tried very haed to help each other or even themselves so you did not really care anyway . great writing in service to nothing . what a bummer .
 I picked up this novel after it was mentioned in a New York Times article called Shelley 's Daughters . Mostly I found the story just meanders . I think the combination of the constant shift of viewpoint and the unexciting writing makes the novel feels diffuse and bland . The climax does n't feel like a climax . And there is nothing else to keep one 's interest ; neither character or writing . Woud n't recommend to anyone .
 I did n't really like this book . The heroine was a whimpering simpering miss with low self-esteem who wanted to prove herself and was willing to do anything to help her 'cause ' - even commit a serious crime *** spoiler warning *** That was where I really lost it . I mean , you just ca n't chain someone up and lock him in a dark cellar !! It 's torture ! And forget to leave him light and food , and take care of him . Not to mention that the author simply avoided the not-so-nice things about this imprisonment - like how did he go to the toilet ? Did Evie clean up after him ? The worst problem was that he was n't shaved - but oh well , she chained him up and shaved him . I mean , this whole episode was totally crazy . And I really do n't know how he could show any respect to her after what she did to him . He still wanted her . He became a watered-down version of himself . And I lost all respect for him . He should at least make her suffer or grovel in return . But no , he was willing to do anything for her . I mean , come on ...
 I stuck with this book hoping the `` heroine '' would grow a spine by the end of the book but was disgusted to find her lily-livered to the very end . It was bad enough that Evelyn would n't stand up to her hideous brother about the work she valued with her orphans but she would n't even stand up to him over the man she loved . She was actually going to marry someone she despised -LRB- after her heartless brother sold her to him -RRB- even after St. Aubyn offered to take her away . No , poor Saint first had to get her worthless brother a job before she would marry him . Any worthy heroine would have told her family to go hang after the way they treated Evelyn and walked right out the front door.St . Aubyn was the only reason I finished the book and then I was sorry I did because he was then stuck with that awful spineless woman . The delicious Scoundrel deserved much better than her .
 I have seldom seen a more vulgar or ungentlemanly ` hero ' . He is so uncouth that his supposed reform is completely unbelieveable . There is no real romance or sensuality-the only two love scenes in the book are depressingly brief and belittling . He treats her like a whore , and anyone who has stand-up sex in the theatre toilet alcove is just begging to be ruined . The fact that she is n't is a minor miracle , as is the fact that someone with an pretensions to intelligence at all , as the heroine has , should have steered clear a million miles from such a debauched man . His decision to marry her is downright insulting and the ending trite , clich&eacute; , and completely unbelievable as well . This novel makes light of adultery , orphans and a whole host of social ills in an attempt to bre witty and amusing , and it falls flat because the ` hero ' is so callus and her own family are also odious . I was hard put to like a single character .
 * SPOILERS INCLUDED * I do n't mean to beat the proverbial dead horse , but I ca n't help but add my own review to those already here that decry the heroine 's lack of gumption in pursuing what she really wanted for herself . I know that years of etiquette and upbringing ca n't be overturned in a few days , but I think my argument is more that Evie seemed completely wishy-washy than that she was a `` proper '' lady . She dares to pursue a project she believes in AND lock a man in a basement for it -LRB- not to mention get all naughty with him -RRB- , but after discovering she loves said man can think of NO POSSIBLE SOLUTION for not marrying someone else ?! What ?! I think my biggest issue has to be her motivation ; if I 'd had even half a touching scene between Evie and her brother , I might have been able to buy in to her self-sacrifice for his career . She repeatedly says she thinks he 'll be a force of good in politics , yet nothing in his character says that to me as a reader . I just found myself annoyed with Evie and doubting any of her judgment . I 'm a fan of Suzanne Enoch and liked `` The Rake '' -LRB- the first in this Lessons in Love series -RRB- and LOVE LOVE LOVE the third in this trilogy , `` England 's Perfect Hero '' ; I 'm just sorry this book was such a letdown when I think the concept had some promise if the heroine had been a bit more defined . ps
 I was very disappointed by this book . I felt that it had more than enough to make it quite good , but it never got there . And more than never getting there , there were some elementary problems with it that the editor should have picked out on the first reading.The book starts with the heroine , Evie , making a list with her friends of behaviors that they want to teach men to exhibit . Chapter One finds us with Evie a year later , with one friend married -LRB- though that is never said outright -RRB- and Evie herself generally floundering . She decides to start volunteering at an orphanage , where she gets involved with Saint , the hero . She has ... relations with him -LRB- something that I believe would have been basically unheard of back then , but what have you -RRB- and they fall in love . Problem is , her politically-minded brother is trying to get her married to someone that would be advantageous for his career -LRB- something that was done quite often -RRB- . Saint saves her in the end , of course , by offering her brother the political position he pined for and then marrying Evie.My problems :1 . The book starts with Evie and her friends making this list , but that plot is basically forgotten immediately after that chapter ends . I actually really liked that plot and thought it was a great comic device , so I was puzzled as to why she dropped it . The only reason I came up with is that she started out writing a very different book than what she finished with , but as I said before , her editor should have noted that and fixed it . The book is much more of a drama than that first chapter would indicated .2 . You would also think that her friends would be an important part of Evie 's life , but they are also rarely mentioned . When they are , their names are often confused -LRB- literally-they are first called by one name , then another and it is supposed to be the same person -- this happens several times in the book and with as many characters as this book has , it can be confusing -RRB- .3 . As noted above , there are a lot of characters . Evie 's brother wants her to make political connections , so many characters are introduced solely for that purpose , but do n't have any real bearing on Evie 's own love story .4 . I found the story slow and hard to get into . I literally forced myself to keep reading it .5 . Despite some promisingly feminist inner monologues and a few actually actions , Evie does n't really get up her gumption the way she should and although stating that she will think of a way to get out of this political marriage , shows no evidence of that and just waits for Saint to help her.There are things to like about this book . I like the bildungsroman aspect of Evie , the watching her grow into a woman who attempts to make her own decisions in a world that most assuredly would not allow her to . I liked Saint , a true bad boy that goes good without losing that predatory nature that makes him interesting and fun to read about . I really liked the comic aspect of the early plot , although that was discarded for a more dramatic one.I have another book of hers at home that I 'm going to try , but based on this one , I certainly wo n't be buying any of her books again . This book shows that though Ms. Enoch has good ideas , she does not have the ability to develop them correctly or coherently . A bestselling author -LRB- with , presumably , a decent editor -RRB- can not make these kinds of elementary mistakes .
 This was not my cup of tea . I loved Georgie 's story because she had a strong character , but Evie was so weak I could barely tolerate her . One of the things that drove me crazy was that she cried ALL the time . She would claim that she was stronger than everyone thought she was , but she was too weak to stand up to her brother and anyone else who treated her badly . Her brother verbally abused her , showed no love to her , and used her to get what he wanted , but she still wanted to help him into Parliament . Evie 's family did n't have an inch of love for her , but she was determined to save her family name anyway . My thoughts are that if Georgie did n't ruin her family name by getting caught with her hand down Dare 's pants , then it 's very unlikely that Evie would 've ruined hers just by refusing to marry a fat slob . I really do not understand why this book had four stars . I had high expectations because I have really liked every other Suzanne Enoch book that I have read . This one just fell short for me .
 It 's hard to describe how stupid and offensive this book is.The heroine keeps saying that she wants to prove to her family and friends that she 's smart and capable , then she acts like an idiot.The hero is offensive . He 's the kind of person who , in a different era , would be groping women on the subway.I kept reading , hoping it would improve , but stopped and returned it when just got intolerable .
 I have really enjoyed Enoch 's other books , particularly REFORMING A RAKE , so I was certain that I would like MEET ME AT MIDNIGHT , too . However , this book was simply a disappointment -- it was so dull that I did n't even finish it.MEET ME AT MIDNIGHT starts off really well , with a very interesting premise , but by the time the middle of the book rolls around , it starts becoming redundant . Both Sin and Vixen start off as intriguing characters , but get more and more boring as the story progresses . As for the story line , Sin is looking for his brother 's murderer , except he has no clues , no evidence , no real suspects , and the trail is already two years cold . In other words , nothing interesting is happening as far as the plot is concerned , either.And where is Enoch 's sense of humor in this book ? All of her previous novels have been infused with good-natured humor and laugh-out-loud moments of hilarity , but MEET ME AT MIDNIGHT is utterly devoid of both . All in all , it was boring and unentertaining . Read or re-read Enoch 's earlier novels and hope she recovers to her usual self in her next book , is my recommendation .
 I love Suzanne Enoch 's books and am anxiously awaiting the next in March - but `` Meet Me at Midnight '' was not only a disappointment but an annoyance beginning and ending with the heroine . The first time I read this book it was OK , the second read I threw it across the room , my own immature reaction to the childish , idiotic and uninteresting actions of Vixen . I am all for heroines that go against type - but this one did n't go in a way that made her more interesting , independent or engaging - instead I felt that I was wading through a mess of unappealing character traits that made me question the hero 's sanity in liking her and rooting for someone else to appear and steal him away . Ms. Enoch is , however , still one of my favorite authors and I gave this book 2 stars simply because dispite my hatred of Vixen it was still well written structurally . I still recommend any of Ms. Enoch 's other novels .
 After finishing the novel last night I have to wonder why Hewson felt the need to write what is essentially a sequel to Lucifer 's Shadow.This is definitely not one of his best . The whole mystery and resolution is a muddled piece of work . The whole discovery process of who did what and why , especially if you have not read the first novel , is a bit confusing . The resolution is given in a `` casual '' conversation near the end of the novel . This is definitely not a Nic Costa novel-he is more of a walk on . The male/female relationships depicted are weak and odd , especially the Costa/Deacon one.The only thing Hewson gets right is the atmosphere . There are shades of Aurelio Zen in that . Venice is the strongest character in the book . I have been there once and am going again-he is spot on , especially in his description of the islands.However I do n't think Lucifer 's Shadow needed a sequel to tie up ends , I guess , Hewson felt he needed to tie up-at least this way . The good news is that the first two chapters of The Seventh Sacrament are included . NOW that seems promising .
 This is a very good American cops-and-robbers thriller . All the characters are Americans , in speech , action , thinking . The odd Italian word , & the odd Britishism are thrown in , Hollywood-style , for atmosphere . Venice is only an exotic backdrop . Tammany Hall in Hollywood-Venetian garb is what passes for Venetian politics . Very good entertainment .
 I was disappointed in this book . The characters are one dimensional -LRB- there 's little to care about here -RRB- and the plot is laborious .
 Some books literally scream for the firm attentions of a good editor and this is definitely one of them . I have read two previous books by this author and thought that they were passably good police procedurals in exotic settings -LRB- one of my weaknesses -RRB- . This book however is so badly written that , had I not been away from home with nothing else handy to read , I would have given up on it more than once . Hewson repeats tired descriptive phrases over and over again -LRB- eg . many a `` crumbling palazzo '' -RRB- , his characters are pasteboard , the plot is tortuous and the dialogue is stilted . Hewson has good writing somewhere in him but he should search for a publisher who is willing to pay an editor to check his every sentence .
 This book is moderately useful . It neither addresses basic imaging questions at a level that would catch the interst of a curious student , nor does it provide more comprehensive and thorough information for the seasoned clinician researcher . The chapters , mostly written by different authors , are rather randomly assembled , vary in quality , and leave the reader puzzled as to the overarching purpose of the book . And , it is very expensive for what it offers .
 What happens when an insular , moribund religious community meets a heedless , spiritually restless America ? That is the premise of this book , where the earnest and well-spoken Mason , a resident of an insular religious community known as the Apostles , is sent on a mission to convert modern Americans to his faith , in order to bring back young adepts to freshen up the local gene pool . In this novel , Walter Kirn very sympathetically depicts the faith of the Apostles as well as the various faiths of the restless Americans . Though others have called this book a satire , it is n't a biting satire , it is an affectionate one . The characters are vivid and well-drawn , the scenes are set with impressive detail that is as one would expect of a novelist of Kirn 's caliber.And yet , for all that , the story fell flat for me ; I did n't end up caring about any of the characters depicted , and it brought me no insight into the questions of faith in America . The book , sadly , was a complete waste of my time . It hints at questions of faith in the modern world ; it begins to ask if we need it , want it , or treat it with the kind of respect we and it deserve . Those are valid and important questions , but the book never even really explores them , and it certainly does n't begin to try to answer them.So what happens when an insular community meets modern America is
 another reviewer has already covered the plot pretty thoroughly . i did n't really end up feeling anything for the characters , though i really tried to like the protagonist . it seems promising at first , but after the first eighty pages or so it just drags along . it builds up all kinds of events , but then seems to try and wrap up too quickly - which in this case was a good thing . i had to force myself to read the last thirty pages rather than skimming them.the only thing that really recommends the book is the humor in the first half of the book - specifically a scene where one of the elders gets work as a secret shopper at a thinly disguised walmart .
 Kirn 's novel starts promisingly enough with a hilarious account of the Aboriginal Fulfilled Apostles , a matriarchal sect located in an isolated town of Bluff , Montana . The Apostles are obsessed with digestion , and observe strict diets that focus on fish . Unfortunately , the only fish near Bluff is trout , and the Apostles only limited ways of preparing it . The sect also has unusual mating rituals , which start with the Sanctified Midsummer Frolic , a religious festival in which the young males are initiated into sex by female partners chosen for them by their families , and in preparation for which they practice mental exercises that will `` arrest their pleasure at the last moment , '' so as to avoid pregnancy.The Apostles ' population is dwindling , and so they select two young men , Mason and Elias , to travel to what they call Terrestria and find new brides . And that is where the novel goes downhill , with depictions of Mason and Elias in a predictable episodes that mock modern American culture , from their obsessive consumption of chicken wings and soda , to Mason 's amazement with teeth whiteners , to their involvement with underage girls who claim to be Wiccan . Their travels end with an almost visit to the ranch of a wealthy Coloradan that ends with an ill-fated buffalo shoot , and with the book moving from parody to absurdity.Just not very funny or very insightful .
 This book was so frustrating ! The main character has so many phobias it is ridiculous . She is scared of everything and has problems keeping her job due to all her fears . Worst book I have read in awhile .
 I brought this book on vacation to Italy - and left it there when I was done . It was that bad . The story is like a bad romance novel - very predictable and stereotypical . I did n't really like any of the characters , and the author seemed to be trying too hard to squeeze in too much stuff - the wonders and selflessness of volunteering , the Hollywood scene , and way too many mental health troubles . Sheesh . I had hopes as I neared the end that something might happen to wrap everything up , but no . It would have been more surprising and interesting if the reporter had n't fallen in love with the celebrity , or if something had come of the chief of staff 's shenanigans . I wo n't be recommending this book to friends , and I do n't think I 'll seek out any of the author 's other books .
 Moises Naim 's `` Illicit '' represents a good attempt to provide a -LRB- rather general -RRB- overview of the main types of illicit trade . Unfortunately , the book does not go beyond the overview-level . It is way too superficial and lacks depth . A disappointment ...
 TOO BORING TO GO ANY FURTHER THAN THE FIRST SEVERAL CHAPTERS . I THUMBED THROUGH THE REST AND SAW IT WAS ALL THE SAME . NOT REALLY A PERSONAL CONFESSIONAL-SHE MENTIONS HER PROCEDURES VERY BRIEFLY . IT INSTEAD READS LIKE TEXTBOOK MEDICAL HISTORY OF THE ORIGINS OF PLASTIC SURGERY . IF YOUR ANYONE WHO HAS HAD , OR IS PLANNING TO HAVE ANY SURGERY OR INJECTIONS , SKIP THIS BOOK-UNLESS YOU WANT TO READ ABOUT SOLDIERS WHO WERE DISFIGURED AND MAMED DURING WAR SO PLASTIC SURGERY WAS BORN . ALONG THOSE SAME LINES , I DID NOT WANT TO READ IN EXCRUTIATING DETAIL ABOUT THE ORIGIN OF THE `` POISON '' BOTOX AND HOW IT WAS ORIGINALLY FOUND AND DEVELOPED FROM ROTTEN SAUSAGES . THE STORIES ABOUT PEOPLE SHE ACTUALLY KNEW ARE SHORT AND SO COMPLETELY OFF THE WALL FROM WHAT ANY NORMAL WOMAN WOULD EVER WANT TO DO ARE USELESS TO READ ABOUT AS WELL . UNLESS YOU ARE RESEARCHING FOR REFRENCE THE STATISTICS AND ORIGIN OF PLASTIC SURGERY-SKIP THIS BOOK !
 Within a few pages , I found myself seriously wondering if I had accidently obtained an unedited copy of the book
 This book is as vapid a book as I 've ever read . Ms. Kuczynski is fooling you from the first letter of the first sentence to the final period -LRB- if you can make it that far -RRB- . It 's not about plastic surgery , it 's not about patients as victims , it 's not about the way society sets impossibly high standards of what beauty is . It 's about her . She was self-loathing enough to have doctors work her body over , now she she 's self-loathing enough to tell you about it . She does n't feel sympathy for other `` patients '' -- she merely feels pity for herself . Finally , what this book is really about is Glitz . Naming Hollywood names . Hollywood wives . In a way it 's like a tawdry soap opera , except it 's not nearly as interesting . Kuczynski does n't need to have her eyelids lifted ... she needs to have her IQ lifted .
 My wife was -LRB- un -RRB- fortunate enough to be presented with a copy of this bookseveral days before it came out . With nothing else to read I thought , `` Okay , I have no interest in plastic surgery or Botox , I have no interest incosmetics , I 'm a guy ... maybe this will be fun . '' Uh , it was n't . The realreason I read this book is because I am an avid reader of the author 's obscenelyridiculous shopping column in the Times . It takes a gutsy , no-nonsense reporter/reviewerof stores -LRB- yes , this is what the author DOES for a living ! -RRB- to admit she ` snever owned a pair of jeans before . Anyway , back to this book . In a word , it 's drivel . Even though the author bombards you with facts about surgery andthe beauty business , it 's really all about her . I did finish it , but Ialso finished watching the movie `` Show Girls . '' As much as it tries -- and oh , she tries -- to be serious , it 's like diving into the shallow end of a pool . Oneday a compelling book about this fascinating subject will be written ... this ai n't it .
 Perhaps its my own fault for even reading this to begin with , but I have never felt worse after reading a book ... it 's one thing to read about the facts and figures and 3rd-person experiences , but this book contains so much of the author 's own experiences that I just felt kinda sick afterwards having been immersed in the mindset that wants this stuff . Maybe that 's her point , but ugh , I feel terrible .
 Ed Viesturs is an amazing man , a really outstanding example of what humans can achieve . I 've fallen in love with books such as `` It 's not about the bike '' `` Roberts Ridge '' and `` Into Thin Air '' , stories about overwhelming struggle , superhuman endurance , and strength of will in the face of mortal danger . Knowing the achievements of Ed Viesturs and the stories of others on Everest and K2 , I thought for sure this book would fall neatly in place on my shelf.Unfortunately there it will rest presumably never to be read again.While there are excellent little snippets littered throughout the story -LRB- particularly concerning Jean-Christophe Lafaille -RRB- , the book is ultimately bogged down by pages on pages of dry and trivial material that sounds all too often egotistical and bragging.Perhaps it 's good to have a better grasp of the man by knowing his family , his struggles to get sponsorship , and the mundane details down to what particular type of tent he uses , but an inspiring narrative this does not make . Rather than inspired I felt tired , as if I were drudging through knee-deep snow in the thin air above 27,000 feet . Rather than jumping outside on my bike after putting it down I felt like eating a pizza or having a beer.In addition , he frequently skims over certain parts that might otherwise seem important . I believe his ascent -LRB- and yes , most importantly , descent -RRB- of Gasherbrum I and II were mentioned in merely a paragraph , one of his many `` twofers '' . It 's hard to keep track though , because every dozen pages or so he 'll jump back in time or forward in time ; which events that happen when became confused and difficult to keep track of . I definitely kept a finger on his `` Mountains Climbed '' page at the end of the book.The point where my frustration reached an apex was a mere 20 pages before the epilogue where he refers to his most recent summit of Everest as `` almost a Lark '' . Is n't this opinion on the climb of Everest one of or part of a theme in `` Into Thin Air '' ? There were too many climbers with too little respect for the mountain making the conditions for a disaster waiting to happen . Proudly touting your -LRB- well respected and highly regarded -RRB- opinion that you can climb Everest like it 's no big thing when you 've already pounded out your endless training and dedication and abnormally good genes -LRB- which means not everyone can excel as easy -RRB- just seems ... unfitting . It seems more so when the entire book beforehand constantly reminds us that even expert climbers can have unfortunate and unlucky accidents.Picking up this book with an expectation of adventure was a poor choice , there are far better stories out there that meet those needs . This is an essay -LRB- and not a particularly well written or interesting one -RRB- on life of Ed Viesturs , along with all that life is
 Such inspiring deeds . In so many places I was truly inspired by his navigation of difficult situations as well as his discipline . If he had been as disciplined in refraining from his need to dis others and employed the filter for mouth with as much stealth as his climbing gear , I would 've given this book 4 stars . But I was so put off by his inappropriate comments about Chantel . Talking about his one night stand with a girl `` everybody liked '' even though she wanted to keep it `` hush hush `` felt a little like a high school boy bragging in the locker room , caring less that it 's not just his story to tell and may not be public . I kept reading , but this kind of narcissism kept coming through loud and clear . If you really look up to this guy , do n't read the book - it might change your perspective .
 Since many of the positives of this book were mentioned by other reviewers , I 'd like to point out a few of the book 's undesirable qualities.First off , belaboring the point . When I read a cookbook , each recipe does n't specify to sift the flour . That information is usually provided at the beginning and by inference is applied to all subsequent recipes . When I read time and time again that Ed is n't using bottled oxygen , it starts to drive me nuts . Yea I get it . You 're the man . You do n't use supplemental oxygen unless you 're a guide , so do n't keep reminding me . Maybe this style of writing was to make the record absolutely clear , I do n't know . For myself , I would appreciate an author more if they had faith in the readers to remember one generality placed in the beginning of the book.Secondly , was this book edited ? On page 278 Ed says `` I 've always believed that you need to listen to the mountain and watch for the signs it 's giving you . '' Then on page 282 , on the same ascent of Annapurna , he says `` I 've always believed that the mountain tells you whether to go up , stay put , or go down . '' He just said this ! Even an amateur copy editor would see this and recommend removal . Maybe this really is n't a 2nd criticism just a corollary of the first.The negatives aside , the substory concerning the French hiker Jean-Christophe Lafaille was excellent . And learning of Ed 's early days in Washington racing up Rainier was pretty cool . Ed 's candor concerning other hiker partners is somewhat interesting , if almost risque . I am thankful to Mountain Hardwear for providing this book for free ... I would recommend taking it out on loan from the library because its definitely not work taking up space in a book shelf -LRB- there 's little 2nd read potential here -RRB- .
 This is a very self centered account . I got tired of hearing how great Ed Viesturs was and then I got really tired of all of the quotations from other sources about how great Ed was . I did n't get much insight into mountaineering or climbing philosophy . Somewhat of a shill for his commercial sponsor . Every time he mentioned leaving his tent , he had to name the make and model - repeatedly .
 Did Mountain Hard Wear commission this book from Mr. Viesturs ? It certainly seemed so . This was badly written , with some truly disgusting passages . -LRB- Skip the section where he talks about festering frostbite on a fellow climber 's face if you have a queasy stomach . -RRB- I purchased this book with high expectations and am very glad that I only paid half price for it . I do n't believe that it was skill that took Mr. Viesturs up all of those `` 8000ers '' WITHOUT SUPPLEMENTAL OXYGEN -LRB- as he reminds the reader countless times throughout the book -RRB- but was , instead , a massively inflated ego that allowed him to virtually float upward through thin air .
 mountaineering books and videos are purchased to hear and see about the climbs , with views and techniques discussed . not to hear about viestur 's mommy worries while he traipses all over the world . yeah , yeah , he 's careful because he loves his wife and family . yeah , yeah , he worries about them while he is gone . but he still goes . and still makes a business out of danger , not his veterinarian diploma . this guy has spent most of his young life in one of the most selfish pursuits on the planet , and i suspect had a great time doing so . now he tells us that the whole time he was eaten up with regard for his family ?
 I too , like many of the other reviewers here , love reading books about mountaineering and climbing the world 's tallest mountains . On the other hand , unlike most of the reviewers here , I feel more critical and demanding when it comes to evaluating the quality of that narration.Vieturs has undoubtedly achieved one of the most physically impressive feats of our age . This does not mean that his narration of those feats will be anywhere near as impressive . Having a ghost writer does n't help much . The tone is that of a 20-something year old surfer dude . I was completely turned off by the use of inappropriate colloquialisms and tired clich&eacute;s
 I was really excited to start reading this book , because I love books on mountaineering and this was one by a celebrity in that world , the infamous Ed Viesturs ! I ended up having to stop reading this book . The gossipy tone really bothered me , starting with the aside about the one-night stand with the deceased Chantal Mauduit . It just seemed unnecessary , especially since he was fairly critical of her as a climber . I did n't enjoy that part and kept reading it , but more tiresome gossipy asides eventually started to really irritate me , like his tiffs with his boss , etc. . Also , I felt the book was really all over the place as far as structure goes . I tried to skip ahead to parts that might interest me -LRB- like parts specifically about climbing -RRB- , but because of the structure of the book , it was hard to do that . I thought I would like the gossipy parts and the inside view into relationships -LRB- I do like gossip -RRB- , but there was something about his tone and approach that rubbed me the wrong way . It made me almost start to dislike him . I understand that this is a memoir , but that still requires self-restraint , quality writing , and organization . ** Addition ** I changed my review to add that I 'm really interested -LRB- as are most people -RRB- in what happened surrounding the Everest disaster in 1996 involving Mountain Madness/Adventure Consultants . I Googled Ed Viesturs ' account and this book popped up in Google Books . I did n't get far enough into the book to read this section -LRB- it 's on page 165 in Google Books -RRB- , but I think it is really interesting .
 Simply put the writing is horrible , most of the book reads like a transcript , which might be fine for a conversation but it does n't make for compelling reading . It is like the book was n't edited . I guess it boils down to the simple fact that just because someone does interesting things it does n't make them an interesting person . Overall the book lacked any passion , or the passion was so wrapped up in cliche and marketing that it did n't come across . The best part of the book is n't about Mr. Viesturs , but that small section is well written and it makes me wonder why the ghost writer could n't seem to write as well about Ed . But there were the accidental moments of comic gold , little nuggets like , `` Be the stand , '' rather than , `` Take a stand , '' and the compulsive repetition of the oxygen-less summits , I read this book without supplementary oxygen , I only use supplementary oxygen while reading books to other people . I gave the book two stars because I actually finished it and because I respect Mr. Viesturs accomplishments , mountains are scary places .
 Let me start by saying how much I entirely respect Ed Viesturs ' accomplishments and his mountaineering prowess.I put this book down thinking a little less of him as a person because : - he peppered his story with thinly veiled criticism of others ' contributions to the sport - the bragging went on and on - I did n't need to read in the same book about his conquests at base camp as well as how great a dad he is . Incongruous.I wanted to be inspired but was just bored . There are many other books on or about mountaineers that are well written , factual , and therefore inspiring .
 1 . I lived in Washington for many years and spent most of my free time hiking in Mt Rainier . Thus , I like many Washingtonians , have admired Ed Viesturs for many years .2 . So what 's up with my title assessment of this book ? Although what Ed has accomplished , the type of person he is etc. . . is certainly extraordinary , the book itself , the way it is written , the narrative is basically ... ordinary . Sorry , this is a book review and this book is not a well written book .3 . Thus , if you do n't know anything about Ed Viesturs and want to read a great mountaineering book , then you might want to skip this . On the otherhand , if you admire Ed and want to learn more about him , then it 's well worth the read .4 . A final tangential thought that just came me
 The author mostly wrote novels . This book must have been suggested by 9/11 - he states it took 3 years of research , and indeed lists ` reference librarians ' at the ` Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars ' and at the Library of Congress . He also visited Europe , though his contacts seem to have been official and diplomatic . He specifically mentions September 11th , falsely attributing it to Arab activists . The first ` acclaim ' is from the ` Jerusalem Post ' -RRB- . It 's a ` tapestry ' and looks at the ` converging strands ' of the final defeat of Islam in 1492 Grenada War , the Edict of Expulsion of the Jews , and Columbuses ' first voyage - in fact Columbus returned in 1493 . This is not a very satisfactory book beyond the picturesque descriptions and the politics , at a time when princes were many and acquiring a title guaranteed a percentage of the territory , but also guaranteed rivalry and menaces . There 's a little , but not much , speculative material - suppose Isabella had married Richard III of England , or the Duc de Berry ? Suppose the Borgia Pope had been someone less corrupt?Columbus plays quite a small part in the book and even so one has to wonder if he 's overstated . Portugal -LRB- because of its high coast to land ratio -RRB- and Spain both had large numbers of mariners . Columbus ' achievement was to go west , and discover things . He had to overcome natural fears - Newton 's demonstrations of the essential symmetry of the globe , reinforced by his tidal evidence , were more than a century into the future ; it made sense to worry about an edge to the world . However , improved navigational techniques must have helped ; as must have shipbuilding methods - cork , for example , was used by the Portuguese in their caravels . Reston has little to say about technology ; I suppose he thinks it happens naturally . Anyway , once Columbus and some of his colleagues returned , the possibilities of adventure were proven.There 's some material on myths , legends , and stories about the world , for example Mandeville 's book on his supposed travels . Reston does n't seem to be aware that Marco Polo probably never visited China.As to the Islamic and Jewish issues , Reston is entirely politically correct and is in effect a ZOG mouthpiece . He notes at one point -LRB- not in the index ; nor is Muslim , Moorish , or Islamic invasion -RRB- that Jews ` held open the gates ' for an invasion , but seems to have no concept this might cause just a little resentment . Near the end of the book he notes that the myth of Prester John -LRB- vast wealth , huge armies -RRB- appeared to be Ethiopia and/or the Coptic Church . These areas of course are in north east Africa , and if there had been any amity with Moors the area could have been explored without having to travel all around Africa , or overland past eastern Europe , or through Turkey . He simply has no concept of the beliefs of Islam.Part of the belief system here , which has been partly fanned into life by oil money , is that Spain had a wonderful civilisation . Why the whole of north Africa , for more Islamic , should be a desert with -LRB- for example -RRB- Roman aqueducts destroyed , largely a goat-infested wilderness , is not explained ; nor is the fact that many books , which were under Islamic control , were left untranslated for 500 years and more . He refers to Muslims as ` infidels ' ; Kuffar and Goyim and variations do not appear . . Something similar applies to Reston on Spanish Jews . There 's an entire chapter on the ` blood libel ' ; Spain , as with little St Hugh in Lincoln , had suspicious deaths . Reston of course produces no evidence as to the truth or otherwise - he says as little about Jewish beliefs as about Islam . Reston gives no account whatever of what Jews actually did ; he says , on several occasions , that Jewish captives were released , presumably on large payments , but , as is of course traditional , does not explain the source of that money . The expulsion is treated entirely as a matter of faith , despite the fact that Reston is perfectly aware that the activities of supposedly devout influential people took a large account of money and influence.There 's also a chapter on the Spanish Inquisition , though it disappointingly lacking in facts and figures . Clearly any victim could be impoverished , in the same way that a noble on the wrong side militarily might be replaced . This is all rather routine material . The question of how else the Spanish could have proceeded is n't gone into.The battle scenes and preliminary arrangements are described in the traditional more-or-less heroic manner . This is at a time when gunpowder was proving decisive , notably against the castles dotted about Spain . There must have been a large and secret industry in casting cannon , obtaining the raw materials for gunpowder , making steel , but there 's no information here.Another nagging weakness is a lack of the basic economics of Spain and Portugal . How many slaves , for example , could anyone really need ? Did n't they realise that if gold and silver were common , they would no longer be valuable?Anyway - two stars for descriptions and picturesque detail , and for outlining personalities and politics and conflict . But it 's little halp in genuine understanding .
 This is history as Mickey Kaus or Matt Drudge would have reported it , if they were around at the time . Too gossipy and and too much invented , or imagined dailogue . While i did find some interesting new facts about this important period in Western culture , it was in the end , hard to finish this book because of the general tone .
 As some of the reviews below suggest -LRB- albeit approvingly -RRB- , this is a one-sided rehash of the modern cliches about this era
 Notwithstanding prior reviewers ' judgments , Reston 's history is a travesty . Dogs of War purports to describe the `` apocalyptic '' consequences of the destruction of the Moorish Kingdom of Granada , the expulsion of practicing Jews from Spain and the discovery of the Americas . Reston attempts to describe the origins and nature of the Inquisition , but in fact does little to clearly or accurately portray its scope and nature . It reads more like a history for middle-schoolers than for grown-ups . Its one merit was that his simplistic and unqualified arguments drove me to find additional sources to check his facts and claims . The contrast between the Dogs of God and Henry Kamen 's The Spanish Inquisition -LRB- 1999 -RRB- could not be starker
 It 's bad enough when journalists use their superficial , misleading style in writing `` news '' or books on modern topics . It 's worse when they apply this to real history . Reston takes controversial events from 500 years ago and presents them -LRB- with no attribution -RRB- as established fact . This book is also slathered with a thick layer of political correctness , violently attacking Christianity for what was undoubtedly a dark period in its past , while gushing over the wonders of Islam . There is no mention that the West has progressed beyond that stage since then , while the religious toleration , spirit of scientific discovery and philosophical debate which abounded in Islam in the 15th century is nowhere present in Islam today . A good question might have been why ? As an example , one would take from the book that the institution of African slavery was a Christian European invention , when the Portuguese and Spanish encroachment into the trade was merely an effort to steal this lucrative business away from its Moslem directors , then as today . One will come away from this book with little more knowledge than when one started . Half of it is garbage , half trivial , and you ca n't even tell which is which .
 This book has numerous historical errors that are a testimony to either slovenly research , poor editing or both . He has England in the 15th century embroiled in the Crusades , when it was the War of the Roses , he describes Bartolomeo De Las Casas as a medieval writer , speaks of a boycott of the coast when he means blockade , and uses ancestors when he means the descendents of mythical Christian refugees . He accepts unsubstantiated , huge figures for the population of Cordoba and Granada , and says that Salamanca was the first university in Europe . He gives a silly reason for the Moorish invasion of Spain , has little comprehension of the Spice routes and none of the military nature of chivalry , speaking of knights using bows ; and catapults as a post-medieval weapon . Even his translation of Seneca 's Medea is bad , using the misleading `` Greenland '' -LRB- coined 800 years after Seneca 's death -RRB- instead of the Roman `` Ultima Thule '' . The author 's thesis is totally unsubstantiated ; he fails to show how the Inquisition 's financial exactions were linked to Columbus 's voyages . Interestingly the expulsion of the Jews from Spain is not mentioned in the title even though it is a major feature of the book and thesis . The book is written in an annoying journalistic style with many short declarative sentences .
 What can one say ... An exciting read but one of the worst researched books I have seen.How far it is from the work of a well read historian is proven also when one reads -LRB- page 178 -RRB- that the `` prelates on the commission were stuck in the conventional interpretations of the Bible '' and hence asked `` How could the world be a globe ? '' . Obviously a hack job based on Washington Irving 's infamous invention of a medieval belief in a flat earth , from his Columbus biography -LRB- from 1828 -RRB- . Such nonsense in a book from 2005 makes it hard to take it seriously , ref . Russell 's `` Inventing the Flat Earth
 From the first chapter on nutrition -LRB- written by Dr. Oz , the TV Doctor , rather than a qualified nutritionist -RRB- to the end of the third -LRB- of five -RRB- chapters , Lunch Lessons is a hodge-podge of topics , sometimes inaccurate , and always unreferenced . There is a good deal of discussion of the inadequacy of school lunches , but the authors also delve into lengthy tangents on cleaning products to use at home , or parenting advice to garden with kids . The discussion is marred by a lack of clear focus in the book , as well as manifold factual errors.There 's no question school lunches in the US are abysmal , as is children 's nutrition in general . As such , there is very much a place for a book covering what this book purports to be . However Lunch Lessons is not such a book . It lacks depth in the political context of the school lunch program , has a pop-sci understanding of many of the relevant technical topics , and virtually no discussion of the medical research into the obesity epidemic . As a book of advice , it is sorely lacking in a holistic view of health , discussing healthy lawn care instead of exercise , for example.Next to nothing in the book is referenced , and the information is occasionally simply wrong . Chapter one tells readers to drink eight glasses of water a day , for example , despite this being a well-refuted myth . The authors also say dioxins may be in plastic wrap ; although some hazardous chemicals may be in plastic -LRB- particularly those not intended to be heated -RRB- , dioxin is not among them.The last two chapters of the book are mostly recipes . Some look pretty good , although not all are really packed-lunch material . I am looking forward to trying some of them.In short , this book has less than a chapter on the purported topic of school lunches , filling in the rest with a smattering of topics which could just as easily be found in the pages of any issue of Yes ! Magazine or similar publication . It is not the book on school lunches which desperately needs to be written .
 Having readBitter Harvest
 I guess I was thinking the was more of a cookbook , but instead it IS a Lesson , or more like a lecture on lunch programs.Good if you are interested in the subject , but only offers very minimum recipes and NO Pictures . Could have been better ... -LRB- not worth the $ $ . -RRB- Check it out at the library first before you purchase.Wish it had 1/2 on the suject and 1/2 on recipes with good pictures to get you motivated .
 Chapter 1 was a well-written discussion of the nutritional crisis facing America 's children . I also have no quarrel with the portions of the book which discuss school lunch programs and their deficiencies . What I can not stand about this book and several others which discuss nutrition is that they inevitably stray off-topic . Left-wing political ideology inevitably creeps in -LRB- a comparison of how much money is spent on the war versus childhood nutrition , for example -RRB- . And it is n't enough to change the way you feed your children . They want to challenge every aspect of your lifestyle . You should drive a hybrid car , avoid plastic containers , grow your own vegetables , start a compost pile , clean your entire house with vinegar , etc. etc. . I 'm suprised that the authors had the self-restraint to avoid preaching on the advantages of wiping from front to back . Overall , the recipes are time-consuming and require ingredients not typically kept on hand -LRB- cake flour , buttermilk , rolled oats , tahini , fresh tarragon , and panko bread crumbs , for example -RRB- . And this observation comes from someone who loves to cook and who has a huge pantry -LRB- I do have shallots , nicoise olives , capers , cornmeal , and anchovies on hand at any given time , as required by other recipes -RRB- . The recipes do not include any explanation about why they are more nutritious than other alternatives . Why are johnny cakes a better choice than pancakes ? Why is macaroni and cheese a good choice , particularly if eight servings contain a half of pound of cheese and an entire stick of butter ? Must I really make my own granola ? Peeling and dicing a fresh pumpkin requires more time and patience than most working mothers have left at the end of the day . I about slung the book across the room when I encountered a recipe requiring two sheets of phyllo dough . Phyllo dough costs about four dollars a box and takes a few hours to thaw . Working with it takes a ton of practice . And after you use two sheets of phyllo dough , what on earth are you to do with the other 20 or so sheets in the box ? -LRB- They will not re-freeze and thaw well at all -RRB- . The suggestion that kids be sent to school with squash phyllo triangles or pumpkin curry is impractical and silly .
 I thought it would be more recipes and it actually had very few . It is mostly nutritional talk and statistics . The few recipes they do have are NOT lunch box friendly and are not things kids will eat .
 I bought this book hoping for a practical guide to affecting real change in the school lunch system . I wanted a basic road map -- how to get started in MY school , raise awareness , get around the hurdles . Instead , I got this brilliance
 This book adopts a common modern perspective for its analysis
 it was too long and boring . i liked the hero . i did not like the heroine . she was unfaithful . this was not one of her best book .
 Having enjoyed Wall Street Meat , I figured this was worth a try . Indeed , since that book was biographical he actually had something to say . Then I got to this book which borrows from the ideas of everyone else , but does n't hand over any useful information that you ca n't find out on Wikipedia . I got the feeling it mainly consisted of paraphrases of a book or two he 'd found on each subject covered . Kind of like what you 'd do in school to get out of having to write a paper with any substantial backup .
 F.X Toole exemplifies a point that I often attempt to share with friends that are sports fans ... . boxing literature is of the only sport that continually thrusts characters raw , frightening yet lovable at us at every level . Baseball lore and lyric is always an interesting personal deversion , particulairly on a cold winter 's night . But I follow and enjoy Baseball as a sport . Boxing , as seen on TV on the other hand , is an undertaking which has taken a barbaric back - seat ... too ruthless , savage and lacking star power . However , when written about well and with an insiders ' viewpoint , Boxing jumps off the page and into my heart . Ponud For Pound carries a great deal of pathos , and some really cool jargon ... makes me feel like I had a stogie and a fedora and a rolled up program in my hand . Enjoy this book ... I did .
 Reissues can be tricky . Some are just wonderful . I love reading Mary Balogh 's or Jo Beverly 's reissues because they write timeless storylines and truly powerful books no matter when they are published . This one , however , pales 9 years after it was first published . The endless plotline with Bonaparte , French spying , and smuggled goods has been done to death . If Enoch had done some editing before this was reissued and reduced all the extra `` intrigue '' , the book would have been much better . The relationship between Kit and Alex is still good . But , it takes soooo long for anything to happen between them . I got bored long before they develop any kind of relationship . Skimming 2/3 of the book was frustrating . I feel thoroughly dissatisfied with the money I spent on this one .
 I 've only recently started reading Suzanne Enoch and , except for a couple of TSTL moments from various heroines , I have really enjoyed her style.This is an earlier effort and I think she 's learned a lot since writing Lady Rogue.The plot could take half the time to wrap up . Even though I like the leads and I like the way the heroine succeeds at seeming to be a young man -LRB- especially when all the girls start falling for her -RRB- , I was ready for the end about halfway through . If I had n't read so many other good books by Enoch , I might have stopped reading before the finish ~ which is something I rarely do.The story is about French spies smuggling weapons to Napoleon 's supporters pre-Waterloo . The premise has many holes and some character motivations are not sufficiently explained . There is a huge cast which can be confusing , especially when you add them all to the espionage plot.I recommend Enoch as an author , but I like her ` With this Ring ' and ` Lessons in Love ' trilogies much better than this one . Go for those rather than this one if you 're interested in some fun regencies by a typically enjoyable writer .
 My biggest problem with this book was the heroine , Kit . Found her too obnoxious . I could n't figure out exactly what Alex saw in her - at all . I also found it incredible that with all her cleverness , she did n't know what her father had been smuggling into France . Really?She is so good at getting into locked rooms , but no curiosity or means to find about what her father smuggles ? She is at Alex 's house , spying on him and his friends , eating his food , getting money for clothes and what not , traitor to her country and acts the complete Brat , calling him , ox , pig , and whatnot . I could n't stomach her anymore after a 150 pages .
 I am not reading these books for the plots . Who cares about smuggling and treason ? Where was the sex ??? Am I going to have to start writing these novels just to get some steamy passages back into the storyline ?
 I 'm in the middle of the book and so far I have n't hit upon a bit of romance . Is n't a romance book supposed to be romantic ? The premise is a girl who passes for a man so well that not even his -LRB- her -RRB- closest friends detect she 's a he . Totally unbelievable that a woman could be as beautiful as the book claims and still be able to fool even the closest friends into thinking she is a man ... and not a sissy man either.I 'm only half way through the book after a week because every time I read it I fall asleep . I would not recommend this book . Maybe back when it was originally written that type of story sold but not anymore . And for heaven sake ... when do we get to the romance ??? I do n't think I 'll finish this book . What a shame because it was n't cheap .
 Jecks is certainly prolific and has many books to his credit now but when the word jail slips in instead of gaol , I begin to wonder how well researched these novels are . Well we start going down a convoluted plot and when it seems likely that one will never guess from clues whom we have as the culprit , process of elimination of characters that we have met leaves the solution very evident too early . Once you figure out the whodunit , because there are not enough red herrings for a reader , though certainly for our heroes , waiting for those heros to catch up is quite painful . Cadfael , where are you ?
 Personally , i felt very disappointed by The Crediton Killings . While I felt that with the last book , A Moorland Haning -LRB- which was excellent -RRB- the series had really hit it 's stride , this book has stalled it bigtime . There 's something so uninspiring about it all , this time around . The character 's are n't all that interesting , the plot is n't that interesting -LRB- i found it very hard to really mind whether the crime was solved or not , or who did it -RRB- , and neither is the setting . -LRB- This last point is particularly interesting , because i myself live not 30 miles from where all Jecks 's books are set -RRB- The writing is n't exactly inspiring , and does n't power your reading on . And I found the way that Jecks comes at his plot very annoying ... he spends so much time leading the reader down the garden path -LRB- for almost 300 pages , he concentrates on one particular plotline -RRB- , convincing them of the verity of one apparent solution , that I became sure that that solution must surely be correct . So , any other solution then proposed completely fails to feel `` right '' . It 's almost as if a huge chunk of the book is just one big red-herring , leading practically nowhere , so that when the true solution is revealed , it 's rather unsatisfying , of the `` well , why on earth did I spend so long reading all that other nonsense ? '' kind.Near the end , I mostly skimmed to get the main plot-points , and could n't wait for it to be over so that I could start something I knew i 'd enjoy more . The only redeeming features of this dull run-of-the-mill mystery were some rather nice developments with a couple of the main characters , and Jecks 's good grasp of history and of the atmosphere of the time he is writing about , which he captures in all it 's finery .
 I barely got through this book . In fact , I skipped through about 3/4 of it . I read romance books for ROMANCE ! This book went on and on -LRB- endlessly -RRB- about the character 's trek and adventure , and there was very little romance until almost the end of the book . This should be under the `` Adventure '' category - not romance .
 I kind of liked this story in the beginning . I did n't think it was 5 star material , but I did n't think it was too bad . But , then came one particular scene that completely offended me and pretty much ruined the book in my opinion.One of the main characters was injured . It was n't a scratch , bump or bruise we 're talking about here . It was a Life-threatening injury . The one that was injured was n't healed or anywhere near being healed , but they were thinking they needed sex and so they did it . I find that offensive for a couple of reasons .1 - There 's nothing you can say that would make me believe they would even be thinking about sex so soon after being hurt like that . It could n't have been more than a day or two after the injury had occurred .2 - The injury caused a lot of pain and the explanation given to readers as a justification for them having sex at that moment was that the pain all of a sudden lessened to a dull ache for no real good reason . The person that had attended to the wound , apparently was a miracle worker or maybe just used a powerful drug , because the wound did n't cause any discomfort during the sex act.There 's not that many sex scenes in this book , but I see no reason for the author to have put one at that moment in the story . The rest of the book after that annoyed me , probably because my view had been clouded by that one offensive scene.I really do n't like it when authors do n't care enough about their own characters to put some kind of common sense into them . The desire for sex does n't override other more important things like health issues . I do n't find that romantic nor do I find it sexy , it 's just plain offensive .
 Margo Maguire 's the Bride Hunt is one of my favorite books , so I wanted to read this book as it picks up on what happens to Isabel 's sister Kathryn . I have to say that the pace and writing were dissapointing . The two lead characters were not very interesting , in fact the one person who stood out most was the wife who passes away in the beginning . Her story may have been a better one to tell !
 I ca n't believe all those wonderful ratings for this book . All I see is a man who vowed never to marry again , but was willing to ruin a virgin maiden for his own self gratification , and not caring what this would mean to a young girl in this time setting . No hero there for me to see . As for the heroine she is a hot sex fiend and I fail to see how Love enteres this arena . It take a preist who should be commited himself to `` open '' his eyes and at the peril to her life to make him relaize he Loves her . Where are the scruples of these girls ? And in a time period where this is taboo . I 'd love to read a REAL LOVE story where it did n't take the capitulation of the heroine into the sex act to make the Hero fall in `` love '' with her . How about caring , and protecting her from the scorn of people and showing his true value of her.Hot torrid sex is not necessarly an act of love . Please someone out there write a Love story . This is after all supposed to be fantasy . Not REAL life .
 This book seemed like it would be such perfect chick lit
 I read a few chapters and gave up in disgust . How on EARTH did this stupid book get published ????
 Do blondes have more fun ? That 's the question mousy department store employee Patricia finds herself asking when a weight loss drug trial results in all her body hair suddenly turning platinum and male attention starts coming out of the woodwork . Suddenly her unrequited crush , store scion Brett Nordquist only has eyes for her , and her male roommate Paul -LRB- who never looked at her with anything but friendship -RRB- , wants to take the relationship to the next level . But what 'll happen when she meets goal weight and her hair starts growing out?With a potentially side-splitting premise , the story falls short in so many places , and lacks any real imagination -LRB- Nordquists Department store sounds suspiciously like Nordstrom 's - and both are based in Seattle -RRB- . Usually Macpherson can be counted on to write a witty and romantic comedy , but this is so full of cliches -LRB- from the quirky best friend who makes her own dazzling clothes and the icy blonde she finds herself in competition with , to the male best bud suddenly realizing he 's in love with his friend -RRB- that I had to check to make sure I had the correct author . If you are a fan of her writing , do yourself a favor and get this one from the library .
 I received the book yesterday and am more than halfway through the book . I was expecting a book with a lot of information on the different kinds of foods and what pollutants are commonly found on them and practical ways to deal with it -LRB- in addition to buying organic -RRB- . And the same for household cleaners and pollutants in the house . I am dissapointed in the book.I did n't feel I learned anything useful from the personal stories , which are numerous in the book . Also there are alot of `` one of my friends '' advice , which does n't seem all that sound . They recommend using chinese herbs a few times , and I dont ' know if that is safe . I am chinese and I do n't know what is in those herbs and whether they are tested in any way for purity and safety . I am also surprised that in the Omega-3 section they do n't mention algae derived DHA pills . DHA is the form of omega-3 that is important for fetal brain development . I 'm a vegetarian and the pills are a good alternative to fish as source of DHA since they are mercury free . They do mention flax seed oil as an alternative to fish for Omega-3 , but they should know that humans convert only a very small percentage of omega-3 in flax seed oil into DHA , so flax seed is not a good alternative source of DHA . The authors also make it seem like it is difficult to find clean fish pills , but this is not so . My husband buys them from a nutrition chain store found in most malls and he 's a toxicologist . I think they should have discussed what questions women should ask when trying to determine if a fish pill is safe . Also what independent testing companies they can contact.The lack of rigor in this book bothers me , for example , the section on ultrasounds . They mention that there is some `` anecdotal debate about their safety '' . I am willing to bet there is some anecdotal debate about everything under the sun . Do all of them turn out to be true phenomenon ? No . Perhaps presenting some research would be helpful instead of just stating this `` anecdotal debate '' and making people worry . For example is there an increase in probability of miscarriage for women who had ultrasounds at X weeks versus those that did n't ? there probably is some research on that from the days when they were first testing ultrasounds for safety.Perhaps coming from a science research background I was expecting too much .
 I was expecting a thorough , fact-ridden book with loads of information about organic produce and products . While there are some helpful charts , such as the Twelve Most Contaminated Non-Organic Fruits and Vegetables , the Best and Worst Fish , or the Hazards of Household Products , I found this book overall to be unfocused and shallow , filled with uncorroborated statements like , `` For swollen extremities you might give an herbalist a shot - some of our friends found them helpful . '' Organic for Dummies would have been a better title for this book.At times , these writers deviate from their organic focus , giving women generic advice about what to pack for labor or how to eat one-handed when you have a baby in your arms -LRB- buy bags of organic nuts or carrots ... Come on ! Is this advice I need ? -RRB- Or perhaps my favorite excerpt , if you do drink coffee during pregnancy buy fair-trade coffee because it `` helps family farmers in developing countries gain direct access to international markets and allows them to receive fair prices on their products . '' These writers have n't done enough research to know how pesticides on coffee beans can affect your developing fetus , but they did manage to define Fair Trade about as thorough as my grocery-store coffee kiosk does.Overall , I found this book to be trite and not well-researched . For anyone who already shops organic and has read informative books , your time would be better spent on the Internet doing your own Google search . Thirty minutes pulled up better research and information .
 This is one of the silliest books I have ever read . You get the feeling that a group of neurotic friends said , `` Hey let 's capture all the things that we obsesses and worry about when we go to Starbucks and present our personal conversations for the world to see . Let 's write our own book ! '' Honestly , the essays all come from a small group of mostly New York based female journalists who were obviously selected to have their essays published because they are all friends . There is not too much data or research in this book . To me , it appears that it was accepted for publication either because they have connections to the publishing world through their journalism connections or more likely somebody 's daddy works in publishing and got them a book deal . So the book is filled with things like , `` Do n't we girls think that swimming really rocks . BUT , your skin is a big organ and chlorine is in the pool and maybe your skin could absorb the chlorine , so our advice is DO N'T SWIM . If you have to swim , try swimming in the sea . '' This `` data '' followed by an essay about how one of them called the other and vented about how worried she was that maybe the mold on her shower curtain is toxic mold that could be contaminating her fertilized eggs . What is this ? Their experts are `` Deirdre 's friend '' or the New York OB they all go to . For instance , they recommend that you take off all your nail polish . Now , I am very unclear of what the danger of nail polish is AFTER it has dried and the volatile chemicals have evaporated . On the other hand , I would bet using the nail polish remover and volatizing the nail polish again to get it off would have many more risks than just leaving it alone . My speculation is as good as theirs , because their ideas are n't backed up by data.Pregnancy is of course a terrifying time and an awe-inspiring miraculous time . You are creating a life within you and as mothers we are carrying the awesome responsibility of this . It is all too easy to fall off the deep end and give in to neurotic worrying . This group of immature girls seems to give in to it hook line and sinker . I think if they did n't each have horrible pregnancy experiences they would be dissappointed because they would lose cache in their toxic little circle of friends and have nothing to gossip about . I think it is an extremely unhealthy and unproductive way to face a major life transition.So , in reality , it is true that there may be many things that could legitimately be harmful that have not yet been research and there truly is a paucity of data on this topic . Since there often is no data , we are in the land of speculation and these girls -LRB- and I use the word girls purposefully to highlight their immaturity -RRB- have spent a lot of collective time thinking up things which could potentially be harmful . They will certainly have thought of some hazards you have not thought of and might want to take into account . Is it a sophisiticated , balanced , reasonable presentation ? Absolutely not . For instance , is it reasonable to advise that women not swim because of the unclear risk of chlorine exposure , even though swimming has clear documented benefits for pregnant women ? Is their remedy to go swim in a lake or the sea realistic or responsible ? I think not . On the other hand , if it had n't occurred to you that chlorine might be harmful , it might be helpful to consider it and factor it into your own personal risk/benefit analysis . That 's why it got two star and not zero . It will be up to you to supply the maturity they are so obviously lacking .
 My first child is due in two months . And I 'm mostly a crunchy-granola , tree-hugging liberal . But Dolan and Zissu are just as much party to the `` danger lurks around every corner '' fear-peddling as the evening news.Some real , live , ' I just opened the book at random ' examples of what I mean
 Disclaimer
 You will never even want to have a baby after reading this book ; you 'll be too afraid of what you are doing to the child ! I got this book just entering the 2nd trimester , and the first few sections are about what to do before you even think about having a baby ! I felt so far behind and panicked right away . A book should n't frighten pregnant ladies.I think there should be a very big disclaimer about doing what will work for you in your life ; unless you already have a completely organic mattress , drink the right kind of water -LRB- the book bewares of bottled water AND tap water ... -RRB- , and have endless funds . I already had my toenails polished when I started reading the book , and then freaked out . How does one take OFF the poison color that is no doubt hurting my child within?My husband and I strive to be more natural in many ways ; we 're using cloth diapers and wipes , we 're making our own baby food from our own vegetable garden ... so I thought this would be a great book ; but it was too extreme and impractical for me . I gave it to my birth doula who is n't even thinking about having kids for years , and told her she better get started if she plans on following these suggestions .
 I was truely dissapointed with this book . I really thought I was going to get an informative book written for the average ` green ' person and unfortunatly all I got was a scare tactic book that told me to live in a bubble cause everything is bad . There 's a lot of good info i.e. the chemicals used in everything and what disease they have been linked to , nutrition guides and recipes , but the book was written as if nothing is good for you and I mean NOTHING ! The book would 've been better to read if it was written from a positive point of view trying to help people understand the issues with this or that chemical or the importance of local produce and the sence of sustainability but instead I felt like it was some rich person telling me that I 'm killing my baby if I drink from a plastic bottle . Like I said , the information in the book is great , but it 's written very poorly . To throw it back at the author I would ask why the book was not written on 100 % post consumer recycled paper with soy based ink ?
 This book really did not have any new ideas . It seems it was a book put together without a lot of deep investigating into new ideas in the organic world . If you do n't know anything about the organic &#34; world &#34; or are new to organic eating , maybe it would be ok for you . I think , and this is just one opinion , the word &#34; complete &#34; in the title is misleading .
 I thought this book was too vague . I bought it in search of solid advice but was disappointed . For example , regarding whether or not to get the flu shot . Or for a specific brand for prenatal vitamins . No straight forward answer.I was behind shocked on pg 228 where they stated that schools do not allow kids that are not vaccinated , nor `` most pediatrician . '' WTF !!!! And that not vaccinating our kids is a public health concern.And , oh yeah , those personal stories ... not everyone can just put in new floors on a whim t/o their home ! Just and idea of the budget one would have to do some of the things mentioned in this book.If you are already buying mostly/all organics in food and cleaning products , then you will not find much new here . For someone transitioning to this lifestyle , they may get more use out of this book.I am returning this one !
 I purchased this book hoping that it would provide realistic advice . Instead , the statements made in this book are unsubstantiated -LRB- the authors do not point to any scientific studies to back up their claims -RRB- , and often directly contradict advice held by the mainstream medical community . My immediate reaction after reading this book 3 months into my pregnancy ? The feeling that as a pregnant women living in a city , I am screwed no matter what I decide to do . If I decide to swim indoors for exercise to avoid exposure to air pollution which could result from running outside , well , that 's a bad idea . If I decide to continue to work full time in an office environment , resulting in exposure to computers , printers , and copiers , that 's a bad idea too.My advice is to steer clear of this book .
 I was handed down this book from another pregnant mother . I agree with another poster that this book creates a culture of fear . I have been trying to buy organic when I can , such as milk , meat , cleaners and a few facial products , but I just can not afford to buy everything organic , not to mention not everything organic is necessarily available where I live . This book is informative , but extremely over the top . I felt like it told you that everything in your house , your products , produce , etc. has toxins that can cause cancer . I took the book to my OB and she told me that regular produce is healthy , just make sure to wash them and to stop reading the book ! If you can afford to replace everything you own , or to only buy organic , then you might like this book . If you are easily worried , then I would refrain from buying .
 I was n't too happy when I noticed that all of the text -LRB- though the pictures have it -RRB- did not include tone marks for the first -LRB- high pitch -RRB- tone ... rendering the book useless to any learner . To the editor
 Thirty-four and single , Jessica Monroe is comfortable with her life . She does n't need a man to define her . When her friends sign her up for an internet dating site , she rejects the idea at first.And maybe she would have rejected the idea FOREVER ! After several bad dates , will Jessica ever find a man to spend her life with?I have to admit , I was charmed by the first 80 pages . I liked the witty dialogue , and the endless bad dates were certainly entertaining . It reminded me of `` Alfie '' from a woman 's perspective . After the first hundred pages or so ... it got old . A real love interest does n't emerge for a VERY long time , and the book is more about Jessica spending time with her friends & family . For a book that touts itself as a romantic comedy , it had very little romance.Not to mention , Jessica 's attitude started to niggle me after awhile . She 'd meet a guy for a date , decide he was too short , and ditch him on the spot . When SHE gets dumped , Jessica -LRB- hypocrite that she is -RRB- criticizes the guy for judging her based on appearance ! If I had a dollar for every time she did n't give a guy a chance based on his looks , I would 've been really rich by the novel 's end.In a chic lit novel , you 've got to like the characters . In this book , I did n't .
 It 's not that Jane Moore ca n't write - it 's just she 's assumes you , the reader , has n't read very much . And that you are probably fairly thick too . Thus the reader is nudged along from one limp scene to another with painful condescension , the whole dreary chick lit package sprinkled with yesterday 's tabloid newspaper puns . `` Love At First Site '' is about as frothy as the lint from your tumble drier .
 The premise , the title , and even the cover art are all misleading - this book does not really explore the world of Internet dating beyond 3 or 4 ` dates . ' The main character , Jess , is 34 , single , and envious of her sister Olivia , and Olivia 's perfect marriage and children . As a birthday gift , Jess receives a subscription to an online dating site and manages to go on about 4 dates during the course of a year . Not stunning odds , and not very interesting reading either . Maybe it 's just me , but I really thought this book was going to focus more on the dates and less on Jess and her sister . In the midst of the book , the story takes a drastic turn and becomes very ` deep ' in terms of the storyline ; the storyline , which involves Olivia , just did n't gel with the rest of the book and its upbeat attitude . It was as if a large cloud came over the book midway through and it was hard to get the spirit of the book back . Jess does change throughout the course of the year , but with only 4 dates as a frame of reference , her changes are not that believable and neither is her eventual romance . I just thought this book was poorly written -LRB- which , aside from its poor storyline , is illustrated by all the swearing -RRB- . Waste of your time .
 This chick lit type book , unfortunately , did not do a thing for me . This is the second Jane Moore book I have purchased and did not manage to finish.This book was so boring that I only read until page 70 or so . I can not recommend .
 Just finished Emily Griffin 's Something Borrowed then picked this one up right after ... What a difference ! Love at First Site is extremely boring right off the bat and the writing style is so painfully unnatural I could n't make it past the first 40 pages . Griffin 's debut , by comparison , is one of the best chick lit novels out there -- very engaging with strong characters and lots of romantic suspense . Even if you like British chick lit authors as I do , do n't bother with this one by Jane Moore .
 Great idea for a book , but it felt really wooden . THe writing was stilted , the sister with cancer felt like a clumsy attempt to make the heroine seem likable and the whole thing felt really disjointed , like the author was putting in all the ingredients for a romantic comedy without really thinking about how it was all going to come together . None of the magic of Marian Keyes or Sophie Kinsella .
 I really have no idea why `` Illustrated '' is included in the title of this work . The only part of this book that is illustrated -LRB- besides the cover -RRB- is the short biography found at the end of the book .
 The characters were at times insufferable which is the point . I would have liked more detail of Gray 's adventures which were almost entirely left to the imagination . Ending came too quick for me .
 Though this book was well written , Oscar Wilde fails in his attempt to glorify aestheticism , and in fact condemns it , and thus condemns himself . It was hardly surprising that following the publication of this book , the authorities sought to have him arrested for homosexuality . If aestheticism is embodied by Lord Henry , Henry is a despicable character , whose philosophies sound not only juvenile and sophistic , but ignorant due to his lack of practicing what he preached . He did n't act out his hedonistic , immoral theories , only Dorian behaved that way , and when doing so brought torment , shame , and guilt upon himself . And to preface the book with `` All art is quite useless '' ? That makes no sense , since the picture was the most useful , significant , meaningful thing in life . Was Wilde 's goal to declare his own dear philosophies completely worthless ? If so , he succeeded , but I am much more impressed by someone who sets out to justify his philosophies rather than someone who sets out to debunk them .
 I love the classics and somehow this one escaped my attention until now . I wish only that it hadescaped my attention forever . This rambling book of boring , sexually unstable rich people with nothing better to dowith their lives than look at pretty Dorian -LRB- because , Dorian is very pretty -RRB- , and insult the commoners who have no rank or class , is tedious , boring and a complete waste of time.Dorian has his portrait painted while the painter and another man oogle him and tell him how pretty he is.The painter said his life was not complete until pretty Dorian came to sit for him.Dorian is very pretty . . Dorian wishes he could stay young and pretty and that the painting would age instead of him. , , . . because he 's young and prettyand men and women alike tell him how pretty he is.Dorian gets his wish and then the book ignores all his issues and goes off into the prose land of mushrooms.We next see Dorian decades later , the painting is hideous but Dorian is pretty . All his sins have left him pretty and the painting ugly.What happened in that time span is not told.Dorian is pretty.There is zero character developement and by the end I was just hoping everyone character in the book would die.Even Dorian , who is very pretty . We do not not know him , or the painter and have only a glimpse of the life of thethird main character in the book . He thinks Dorian is pretty too . ***************** Spoiler Alert ***************** I guessed the end about 1/3rd of the way through , I only missed that I figured Dorian -LRB- he , who is pretty -RRB- would torch the painting insteadof stabbing it . ***************** End Spoiler Alert ***************** I 'm sure all the world is aflutter because of the daring topics discussed , or not discussed as it was n't in this book . For its time period , I guessit would be shocking . Dorian , however , is still very pretty and that remains regardless of when this book was written.So , I hear this is only an edited version and somewhere out there is the REAL version , and it is oh so much better , but , nothing could savethis travesty of words . I wasted enough time with these pathetic characters -LRB- and author -RRB- although I think Dorian is still very pretty according to everyone.I 'm only glad I read it on my Kindle so a tree did n't die in printing this boring book . However , if a tree was cut for your book rest assured , the tree would be happy because Dorian is very pretty !
 I have recently read this book as part of my A-level syllabus and found it little more than an excuse for Wilde to voice his egotistical and condemnatory views of Victorian society . The storyline is faintly interesting but is ruined by Wilde 's constant attack on Women .
 Wow ... I had been under the impression prior to reading the novel that this was one of the great works of Western Literature in the past 200 or so years ... Never have I been so dissapointed . While full of wonderful quotes that sound great over a dinner discussion , a noteworthy tale this is not . Wilde seems far more interested in catologing lists of inane objects and people than he is of entertaining or interesting the reader . Wilde only glosses over Gray 's sinful actions letting us know sparse details about his supposed debauchery but never exposing the reader to them ... So a woman kills herself over being jilted , so he uses opium , so he goes to prostitutes , so he is bisexual ... Who cares ?? Such a shallow character -LRB- and this book is filled with shallow , undeveloped characters -RRB- is impossible to care one way or another about ... So when the end of the book comes to its obvious conclusion as a reader I simply shut the book , pondered what all the fuss and bother has been about and put the book on Ebay as its not worth taking up space on my bookshelf ...
 As I ventured into my next classic fiction book , I remembered the movie League of Extraordinary Gentleman . When I watched that movie I had no idea who the character of Dorian Gray was . The movie was n't that good , but I was still interested in that character . When I saw The Picture of Dorian Gray by Oscar Wilde , I decided I wanted to learn more about that character.This book was not easy to read at all . It was n't because of the language that it was written in , which did add to its difficulty . The part that bothered me the most about this book , other than its length , was the horrible lack of flow . I got the main idea of the book , I understood most of why certain parts of the book were there , but there were so many parts that did not add to the plot that for many pages at a time you would read about things like a jewel collection , book collection or whatever else fancied Dorian Gray at the time . It was so hard to finish this book because there were so many times that I could n't grasp why I was reading what I was reading . There were so many times that Dorian or his friend Harry would go into these monologues for absolutely no reason at all.There were a few redeeming qualities to this book , but unfortunately they did nothing to help me enjoy it at all . The one thing I did like was the basic premise of the book . Dorian Gray could not age and he was beautiful so he could do whatever he wanted to . His lack of need to preserve his soul led him down the path of evil . His friend guided him down that path as well . The whole time I was reading this book I was thinking about Harry as the devil . He would plant thoughts into the brain of Dorian that led him further and further down his path of destruction.The book was a let down and I hope that the next classic fiction book I choose is a good one.If you like my review and want to read more of them I have a blog chronicaling my first year with my Kindle . I would love your suggestions and comments . Check out my profile for the website .
 While trying to start some kind of an aesthetic as well as a moral revolution , The Picture of Dorian Gray instead became a disappointment in the world of literature . I began reading this book upon the premise that it would contain fascinating worldviews , as well as a gripping plot . Rather , the book fell flat on its face . Wilde reflected his views of the importance of art , the pitfalls of beauty , and the horror of aging in this novel , and though it was n't the views that were a problem , it was how they all contradicted one another . The author claimed , `` all art is useless '' in the preface of the novel , yet eventually it is art itself that becomes the bane of Dorian Gray 's existence.The novel follows a young , beautiful young man , Dorian Gray , along with two of his friends , Basil , who paints a stunning picture of Dorian , and Harry , who leads Dorian into a world of lies , sin and betrayal . Though it starts off interestingly enough , the novel drags after the 50th page , and it only gets worse and worse until the very end . It is meant to shock its readers , with tales of murder and drugs , yet the writing is n't sophisticated enough to support these statements . The downward spiral of Dorian Gray 's life is deserved , and the novel fails to leave the reader with a strong residual message . To its credit , however , the original premise was interesting , and the decay of Dorian Gray 's existence and how he views himself makes for a decent plot.I will not bother to go into the details of the novel , for example the sexism and the portrayal of women in the book , and how it is questionable whether the characters are more in love with women , the idea of women , each other -LRB- yes , they are all male -RRB- , or themselves . The homosexuality in the novel did not bother me , though the inaccurate portrayal of women did.If you are interested in reading about art , corruption or murder in the late 19th century in England , please , spare yourself the torture of reading Dorian Gray , though it is only a little over 200 pages .
 The picture of Dorian was n't that great of a novel . The subjects in this moral fable are very dramatic but go exceedingly too far . Tragedy stalks every crack and turn of it . It ends in a tragedy . In the beginning , it is rather happy , but right after the actress and lover commits suicide it goes completely . I do not doubt Wilde 's famed wit but , he could have written something more happy than this depressing novel . The descriptions are very well done -LRB- especially in the beginning . -RRB- Thus , he should used his wit and humor for a more enjoyable and felicatous novel .
 I was not too fond of the book but some people might like it . If you are the type of person who likes to meditate on the books that you read , this book might be good for you . I brought up many ideas that provoke thought .
 For me , The Picture of Dorian Gray was a tedious read . I did not particularly enjoy it that much , although I acknowledge that it is a good piece of literature . It is very well written and full of details and vivid descriptions . The story is told artfully and exquisitely but I found it long-winded and difficult to get through at times . Many people would enjoy a book like this , but it was not for me . I could n't relate to the British aristocracy system and was utterly appalled at how unbelievably shallow the characters were , although Wilde was probably going for that effect . I was also disappointed with the ending . I thought the point of the novel would be to eliminate the stereotype that bad people are ugly , but it just perpetuated it . I would recommend this book to anyone who likes a book that makes them think . It is also recommended to people who like books from this era -LRB- late 1800 's -RRB- and have a lot of time on their hands .
 Will someone please tell me why this `` uplifting classics '' edition uses an image of Thomas Jefferson on the `` cover '' ? I find that rather offensive ...
 The book `` Picture of Dorian Grey '' by Oscar Wilde that I ordered `` used '' arrived with the front cover defaced by a pen being used to totally cover the picture 's face and hands and then a sticker of a Freddy Crueger -LRB- sp -RRB- type mask placed over the face . There was no mention in the description of this used book as to the front cover defacement and I find that negligent .
 The Picture of Dorian Gray is well-written , contains compelling ideas , and evocative . But it lacks substance . In my opinion this story is not really a novel because Oscar Wilde just uses it as a medium through which he can profess his views . While his views are not banal in the least , they are forced . He should not have to lower himself and preach to the reader .
 I was really looking forward to this book , since I heard glowing reviews about it . However , I found it to be perhaps the most excruciating reading experience of my life thus far -LRB- with the exception of mathematics texts -RRB- , and I wish I could 've given it 0 stars . I do n't mind it when authors digress a bit from the story to reflect on a theme or two , but Wilde did it so often it seemed like I was reading a 100 + page philosophy essay on art . I think Wilde is a fantastic writer with an almost perfect sense of wit , and I think he had a good story , but something went wrong when he was writing the manuscript and he ended up making this novel a university lecture for his beliefs .
 which is a waste of paper . What makes me say that ? Could it be that the sins are too vague or too outdated ? No , I judged this book based on my enjoyment or lack of enjoyment in reading it . Wit without substance , characters without passion , dialogue without reason . I found myself reading other books just so I had an excuse not to continue reading this one . In the end all I can say to truly show how I feel about this novel is that this book BORED me . 177 pages of art that is ` quite useless ' . The only reason I finished was because I hate to start a book then walk away and also I wanted to do review -LRB- and to do a review without finishing the book is unfair -RRB- .
 I read this book some time ago for a book club , and we all thought it was a total snooze . I really love reading classics , but this one was painful to get through . I swear there was a whole chapter on curtains .
 As was the case with quite a few other readers , I had been snookered into believing this was a near-universally lauded classic . Hello ? The emperor has no clothes and this book has no redeeming qualities . The writing style was absolutely maddening!The only reason I read the entire thing was because I purchased the book and felt compelled to get my money 's worth -LRB- not entirely possible with such a low quality `` classic '' -RRB- After reading it in its entirety , I felt the type of satisfaction one feels after completing a particularly odious chore . Removing my copy from my home will be most satisfying . Bottom line
 Honestly - the book came brand new , but it did n't have any of the footnotes that other people 's versions had . I was disappointed by that . Also , the pages are HUGE with small print . Do n't get this version if you 're reading it for a book club or school , you 'll be disappointed .
 I did not like this piece . I feel that Oscar Wilde used this as a semi-autobiographical vehicle to transport his radical , eccentric ideas and ideals . He speaks through his characters of Lord Henry and Dorian Gray . They seek to justify debauchery and murder and they kill off anyone who is good , kind , moral or differs in opinion with them . A good read , perhaps , for the likes of the 42nd president of the USA . This book falls far short of it 's hype and offers absolutely nothing of merit .
 i thought that might get your attenton.this book takes your breath away . to be honest , i dont want everyone out there to go and read DG because it is too fine a thing for popular consumption and the ensuing dicussion.if you have a soul , read this book . if not , find one .
 After hearing about Oscar Wilde and how his novel The Picture of Dorian Grey was renounced because it contained hints of homosexuality I was very eager to read the novel . However , I was utterly disappointed . The disappointment had nothing to do with the novel 's themes but rather its characters and delivery.As a literature major , I am one who enjoys long novels full of detail and old romantic language such as that of Jane Austen . While The Picture of Dorian Grey was written with glorious detail and all the flowery language that I love I found myself very bored . There were many places where I found that the story dragged and though I am sure they were meant to be brilliant social commentary I could not stand the countless scenes where Lord Henry or Dorian sat about with their friends and chatted.I may have still been able to give this book at least a three star rating if the boring scenes scattered throughout the book were the only fault but unfortunately what truly put me off was the characters . I can not enjoy a book whose characters I do not come to love or at least care for in some small way . By the end of the novel I did not care one bit what happened to Dorian Grey ; he was a spineless boy and a cruel man . Lord Henry was always a wicked man and a tiresome preacher of what he considered to be cleverness . Basil Hallward was the only character that I enjoyed and somewhat identified with but he was not enough apart of the story to redeem it and nothing could make up for Dorian himself.I was extremely disappointed in this book and I can not say that I would recommend it to anyone other than a literature fanatic looking too read as many classics as possible .
 Ugh , what to say about this book . I wanted so badly to love it , but I did n't . I did n't even like it a little bit . That 's terrible when you do n't really enjoy the very first classic you read . This is n't setting a good stage for the future and planning on reading one classic a month . Good thing Alice in Wonderland is next month . That will definitely make up for the suck of this one . Do n't you hate it when you hear such good things about a book and you go in expecting to love it only to be completely disappointed ? Yeah , that 's what happened here.The book follows Dorian Gray -LRB- the original Mr. Gray , if you will -RRB- who is apparently a very beautiful man who is envied by many only he does n't quite understand why . I liked Dorian but I did n't feel like his character had much depth . I liked that he was n't all look how sexy I am you know you want this , but at the same time he was kind of a sissy . He follows this Lord Henry guy around like he 's a lost little puppy dog and puts up with him bashing him on numerous occasions . I do n't know who this guy thinks he is but I had to force myself not to skip over his parts . The only rational person in this book -LRB- minus his psycho obsession over Dorian -RRB- is Basil but he is n't in enough of the book to really care too much about.I think I know why I could n't get into this book as much as the rest of the people who told me about it . Have you seen the movie The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen ? Okay , I see Dorian Gray in that movie when I think about him . I see Stuart Townsend in all his `` I 'm the bomb get over it '' glory . I can not and will not picture him as the pushover that he was in this book . That movie ruined the book for me . I remember watching the actual Dorian Gray movie but it was boring too . I may have to watch it again just to see how terrible it was in comparison to the book , but I vaguely remember falling asleep at some point.The only reason I did n't give it one butterfly is because I was able to finish it . It was hard and it seemed like forever , but I did it . And the only reason I did it was to get to the end . I read on and off for like five days just to read about the scene I could have watched in The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen after only an hour and a half . Stuart Townsend will always be my Dorian Gray . This book just did n't do it for me . However ... Dorian is a VERY cool name . Props to Mr. Wilde for that .
 It is just not my kind of book ... iT IS ON MY BOOK SHSELLP WITH OTHER BOOKS THAT i HAVE BOUGHT AND FEEL LIKE i MADE A MISTAKES - IN JUDGEMENT .
 This novel is a philosophy book about the author 's narcissistic anti-Victorian views and clever witticisms . Oh yeah , somewhere in there is a story about a man who makes a wish that his portrait would show his physical age and experiences , while he remains forever young and handsome . The wish comes true.There was incredible potential for this story that was n't lived up too . I think this novel really needed a heavy-handed editor to make it great .
 I could not stand this book ! was totally a waste of time reading it . it too out of date for my liking .
 This book came from Tribeca Books -LRB- even though is says `` CreateSpace '' on Amazon -RRB- , a print-on-demand shop that does not know how to set typography or books . The text runs to the edge of the page . Instead of using curly quotes like every other book on the planet , it uses inch marks . The binding is also low quality , as you need to practically break it to get the book to stay open . If these things do not bother you , then buy this version of the book . But if you would rather have a nice-looking version , try this one from World Library -LRB- I have n't seen it yet but am ordering now -RRB- . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Im so glad this book is free but you get what you pay for . I have found quite a few typos in this version . I have actually decided to download it on iBooks because that version is properly edited .
 I read this book as a child -LRB- around 11 -RRB- in Russian . Finally decided to re-read it in English . I was astonished as to how differently I perceived it this time around . Without a question , Wilde is a master of words , but the subject of this book was questionable . It appeared to me , that Wilde was set on pushing his own philosophy and views of life and self onto others , and , as I read it , I found myself rejecting it with every fiber of my being . I was rather surprised to have such a strong reaction to this piece of literature . Would not read again and would not recommend it to others either . Just my two cents .
 This came by the time they said it would be arriving so I 'm glad for that.But I do n't remember reading about the rip on the book.Also the cover picture is different than this picture . Does this happen a lot ?
 I feel sad that I could n't give this book more than two stars . I thought the book was too boring , and event hough there was a secret message -LRB- I will not comment on Dorian being a homosexual , though -RRB- in this book , it somehow left be quite empty actually . Maybe I did n't like this book , because I did n't understand Dorian or the character 's . I do n't know . But you people describe it so well , that I feel like I 've missed something important . The plot was pretty good and simple , but I got bored reading endless conversations and walks and stuff . Maybe if I read the book again , I can giva a better review on it . I surely hope so : -RRB-
 I 'm reading this for Book Club and I try not to put it down -- because I 'm afraid I wo n't pick it up again ! While I see how good the story is , I 'm sorry to admit that I find the author buffoonish in the way he goes on and on about some things -- I get the point ! I know that some of it comes down to the fact that the book was written in 1891 , but I 've read Greek plays , other authors from different eras , etc. , and liked them , so maybe I just do n't appreciate Oscar Wilde .
 The story itself is interesting but the pages and pages of rambling non-sense ruin the book . A struggle to finish .
 I did not enjoy this story . I really really wanted to . I tried very hard but in the end I was just plain bored . When I realized I was wasting my time I moved on .
 I usually try to go into English classes with a sense of optimism about the reading materials , and they 're actually not usually bad . I find myself finishing almost every book ahead of schedule , and liking quite a few of them . So when I found out we 'd be reading The Picture of Dorian Gray in junior year of High School , I started it with a positive mind . It was a famous classic after all ! However , in this particular case , I was disappointed.The Picture of Dorian Gray is a novel with far too much unused potential . It 's about the adventures of Dorian Gray , an upper class young adult living in the 1890 's . Dorian acquires a magical portrait that diverts all physical traces of sin from him to his face in the portrait , allowing him to commit as much sin as he wants and remain looking youthful and innocent -LRB- i.e. , after his insults drive his girlfriend Sybil to suicide , his portrait develops `` a touch of cruelty in his mouth '' -LSB- pg . 91 -RSB- but his actual face remains the same -RRB- . He gets advice from other characters about how he should live life , and after following his friend Lord Henry 's way of life -LRB- outlined in a little yellow book that encourages Dorian to remain vain and shallow -RRB- and living hedonistically and selfishly for years and years , he finally realizes how ` ugly ' his soul has become and launches an attempt at redemption . While it seems like there would be lots of action , I was disappointed at the lack of plot in general , and most of the book is actually rich people talking about human nature . Many of the book 's lessons are taken from the obscure musings of Lord Henry , who acts as an outlet for Wilde 's opinions , and while this is a decent way for Dorian to learn about life , I would much rather have read about him learning through experience as he traveled around doing something interesting . He could have been living a life of incalculable sin , and yet chooses to have sex and hang out in gardens smoking opium all day ; not quite the worst decision ever , but not an exciting book.The lack of action is n't the only disappointing thing about the book . I constantly felt that Wilde was too busy sending messages to the audience to really give his characters life . Every dialogue read less like a real conversation and more like a -LRB- sometimes cryptic -RRB- scripted debate , and Wilde skips past something like twenty years ' worth of Dorian Gray 's character development -LRB- summarizing the slow corruption in one chapter -RRB- . Other characters serve only to invoke development in Dorian , and no other characters show any significant development themselves , making the story just slightly distant . Wilde wastes space for the plot to talk about his ideas about human nature , crossing the line between novel and essay too much for my pleasure -LRB- '' ... you must keep your good looks . We live in an age that reads too much to be wise , and that thinks too much to be beautiful . We can not spare you . '' -LSB- pg . 220 -RSB- is a good example of Lord Henry voicing Oscar Wilde 's opinion on not just Dorian , but on life , and the Victorian generation -RRB- . Another book that actually balances preaching with plot well is Animal Farm by George Orwell ; it manages to simultaneously deliver a message about communism and entertain the audience . If you want a book where it is mostly messages and the entertainment is scarce , Dorian Gray is the book for you.Well , why is the story so famous ? Part of its reputation is due to its shock value concerning homosexuality . There were various less-than-covert hints at homosexuality and adultery , which , unfortunately , are no longer effective in the 21st century . Now that the president is praising gay service in the military on national television , it is hard to be amazed about having gay characters in a book , and so a lot of impact is lost on me . Besides these homosexual exchanges between Dorian and the other male characters , the book is fairly void of plot , and Wilde 's reliance on shock value make it boring and harder to take seriously at this point in time , no matter how revolutionary his writing may have been back in his era.The book was short enough to read through without losing focus , and to be fair , Wilde 's writing is always very elegant with a signature fancy flair . Many of Lord Henry 's musings are interesting , and most of the dialogues are widely quotable . The problem is that the story is just a little bit too boring for me to consider it a book you would normally read for fun , and combined with the superb premise of Dorian 's magical portrait , this book 's plot was really disappointing .
 I never heard of Dorian Gray until I watched the movie The League of Extraordinary Men . I heard of Dracula -LSB- who was n't in the movie -RSB- , the Invisible Man , and Jekyl and Hyde , and Captain Nemo . But I have never heard of Quarterman or this guy Dorian Gray , and I wanted to read more about him . The idea of the picture growing old instead of the person , I thought was a brilliant idea . I could not wait to read this book.How disappointing it was for me , but I gave it two stars for two good reasons
 The definition of `` classic '' is something timeless and universal ; this book is neither . It does ask some `` deep '' questions but it does n't make you really care about the answers ; the characters are one-dimensional and transparent . It 's hard to seriously relate to any of them , or this story . The writers ' language is beautiful in a flowery way . If you want a feel for the book , read the intro/prelude ; there are some interesting statements Wilde makes about `` ART '' . Otherwise , do n't bother . There 's only so much of art-imitates-life-life-imitates-art you can take .
 Unfortunately I did n't like this classic story for many reasons . I downloaded theFree Kindle versionand read about half of it . I finished the story by listening to the Librivox audiobook recording using thefree smartphone app.I found Lord Henry to be quite unlikeable . His statements were absurd , contradictory , and got old quickly . Here are some loose quotes ... `` The only things that are necessary are those that are truly unnecessary . '' He had MANY of those and I saw them coming when only three words of a sentence were out of his mouth . `` I find people infinitely fascinating . '' Which he quickly followed up with something like , `` I pay no attention to people at all . '' I believe Wilde was trying to paint a pompous , egotistical fool and he did a great job . It made me dislike the character greatly.The story was not balanced well . We started out by meeting Dorian and quickly jumped ahead through years and years of his life . There was very little build up of tension . Chapter nine was completely painful to go through . Did we need to read , in long , boring detail , about textiles and gems?My biggest complaint - various evil deeds and adventures are eluded to , but not shown to us . Dorian 's actions are key to the concept of this story , but they are told to us at a distance and with very little feeling . Authors hear often that they are to show , not tell the reader what is happening . Chapter after chapter told us , in only vague hints , what kinds of things Dorian was up to . We skip over incidents very quickly . Some are just a word or two in a sentence . I realize that The Picture of Dorian Gray was written in an era when prostitution , drug use , and vile acts could n't be written about in detail , but it could have been done so much better.This story reminds me ofThe Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde . They both have themes of - Be careful what you wish for . Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was also written at a time when sadistic endeavors and deviant sexual practices could n't be written in detail . Stevenson succeeded where Wilde failed . I felt Mr. Hyde 's strength and power . I could see the lust and greed . Wilde did n't bring any believability to this story .
 Plot Kernel
 It 's difficult to know the purpose of this edition of Wilde 's novella . I did n't notice when I ordered it that it 's not the size of a regular book -- it 's more the size of an academic journal or magazine . Nearly 8 X 10 inches . Further , there 's no named editor , no introduction , no apparatus at all . Just the text of the story -- and that is printed in two columns on the page . The result is a book that wo n't fit on the shelf and that is unpleasant to read . Baffling .
 great book hard to read because print was so small
 Review by Jason LushOne hundred and ninety pages of political masturbation disguised as a supernatural suspense story . Of the three main characters we have ; Dorian Gray , who is a brainless puppet the personifies vanity ; Basil Hallward , the artist who painted the fabled portrait and represents the sorrowful conscience ; and Lord Henry Wolton , who is the quintessential 19th Century fop whose sole purpose in the book is to act as Wilde 's voice on politics , religion and homosexuality and as a driving corrupter of everyone else in the book.The pacing is horrendously slow , the chapters devoted to explaining Gray 's hobbies and the pictures of his ancestors in his hallway do n't help with the lousy pacing . The whole story could have been condensed to a 30 page novella and would have been enjoyable.And , as a side note to the posthumous Mr. Wilde , forty is not old and hideous .
 I have recently begun reading all those books I `` should '' have read a long time ago . I started with Dorian Gray because I knew the basic premise and liked the concept . I was sooo disappointed . Really , the main story and plot could have been contained in a short story of 20 pages or less . The rest of this book is basically a vehicle for Oscar Wilde 's witticisms . Quotable Quotes galore .
 First off , let me begin by saying that this book was not completely devoid of any good characteristics . It was written in a style of gentle prose that was easy to read , and it did put forth at least a few interesting concepts . On the whole though , the ideas in this book were utterly ridiculous and totally lacking in any true depth . They appear to me to be the vain ramblings of a man consumned in his own deepness , thereby proving how shallow he truly was . I would liken this book to a picture in which detailing , shading , and general looks are pleasing , but the perspective is off , ruining the whole picture . So perhaps you would enjoy this book if you are looking for a few ideas and smart sayings put together in a seemingly random , and almost chaotic order .
 Well , I had to read this book for a school assignment . I 'm not really sure what I expected from this book , but I know I did n't get it . This book shows the true demoralization of our society - past and present . The absloute worst part of the book -LRB- about 90 % of it -RRB- was the long , monotonous , verbose speeches that consisted of the characters ` ideals that were just `` off the mark '' by a little . I would not suggest reading this book , partly because of the boring content , but mostly because of the fact that I still have n't found a plot .
 The novel The Picture of Dorian Grey is an unoriginal story line with disturbing morals in which innocent people are corrupted . Written in the late 18th century by Oscar Wilde the novel is an example of homosexual fiction . While the sexual preference of the characters is never addressed it is often hinted at . Many of the morals presented in the novel are very disturbing . Harry presents his views in such a way as to make them seem right . He `` preaches '' on living a life for pleasure , and the sensations . He stresses that women are merely brainless playthings there to provide entertainment . His theory on remaining young is to repeat all your youthful sins . This is presenting a lifestyle of self-indulgence , in which material things bring happiness . Harry 's corruption of Dorian leads to the corruption of many others . As Dorian begins to live as Harry has suggested he begins to use his influence over people to his advantage . He drives Sibyl Vane to her death , and also her brother who tries to seek revenge . Many close friends become outcasts because of his escalating bad reputation . In this story of twisted corruption , Basil Hallward is a very likely target for destruction . Had is not been for his adoration of Dorian then Harry never would have become interested in him . It becomes obvious that in order to be rid of all the mishaps Dorian must be rid of the originator . Basils death is almost obvious from the start . The main storyline , man sells soul for youth , is one used many times by several authors . It is based on a 15th century German magician Johann Faust . In his time he was considered a fake and a criminal . In the original Faustbook -LRB- 1587 -RRB- , written by an unknown author , is a biography of Johann Faust in which he sells his soul to the devil Mephistopheles for 24 years in return for power , knowledge , and youth and finally goes to hell in terror . It is ironic that this is also approximately the same amount of time it takes Dorian to become fully corrupted and destroy the painting . All in all the book was a waste of time . With its disturbing morals and unoriginal storyline the book left something to be desired . It was often predictable and uneventful . This is not a book that I would recommend to other people .
 Please refer to page 212 of the Baronet Books version of The Picture of Dorian Gray . The editing error `` Did you saw a sailor ? `` There is another editing error that occurs when the character Alan Campbell comes to see Dorian . A letter is presented to Alan and the reader has no idea what this is about . I am going to try to find another version of this classic . This book was terrible .
 Dorian Gray is not a kid book by any stretch of the imagination . No swordfights , no prince and princess , no happy ending . Dorian Gray is a very dark work with drug use , murder , and depression . One of the main themes is homosexuality . It shocked and outraged the public when it was first realeased . It is scary . It scared me . Frankly , I doubt very much that many children would appreciate this book . Colleges study this book in literature classes . That 's not to say no child would not get stuff from this book , but the few children that could would probably be just fine with the original work . Folks , stick to Treasure Island and White Fang for the kids . And if you want something kinda spooky , try Phantom of the Opera . Save Dorian Gray for later .
 it was so dumb and it is a waste of your time and i gave it 1 star because that the lowest nember you can give .
 I would n't re-make 90 % of the meals I 've made from these recipes , and I 've tried a bunch of them . My family is n't picky , so they eat it , but none of us love the food . It is convenient to be able to make two extra meals to freeze when making dinner , but it is n't worth it when we are n't looking forward to pulling them out of the freezer . Also , I was surprised to see just how many mistakes there were in the recipes . It 's a nice idea , but it 's just not worth the money . I 'll be trying another freezer cookbook .
 Do not purchase this cookbook . It should be titled Nightmare Dinners , not Dream Dinners . Made two recipes with it and noticed that both dinners came out wrong due to errors in the recipes . After the second dinner turned out wrong I checked the reviews on Amazon and discovered that this cookbook has infact been printed with 45 pages of errors , rendering the recipes useless . Please do n't waste your time , money , and ingredients on this book . It was poorly edited and your dinners will be inedible .
 I thought this was supposed to be a book to help me pull together meals that can easily be frozen . All this was was a cookbook . Well I can figure out how to make food and freeze it , that 's not what I was expecting . To prepare meals for the freezer it literally says to prepare and cook the recipe then freeze . Here 's flank steak with this maranade , here 's flank steak with this other maranade . Now cook and freeze . Well duh ! I was n't looking for a cookbook . I was looking for a book to help me create freezer meals . A totally different concept , I guess .
 I am pretty upset . I just ordered a brand new cookbook , followed the recipe for a triple batch of the artichoke chicken casserole -LRB- which was about $ 50 worth of supplies . I knew better ... I knew there was no way that 11/2 cups of uncooked rice would be able to reconstitute with the amount of liquid in the sauce . But , I trusted the book . What a disaster . I am about to call Papa John 's . Here is the corrected cookbook -LRB- sorry , I did n't think to check for corrections since I just bought the book -RRB- . Woops , there are 45 PAGES OF CORRECTIONS !!!! Seriously ? How did this book make it through to publishing ? Whoever edited it should be fired . If you go to the dream dinners website there is a link with all of the corrections.Here are the recipes that have erros : DREAM DINNERS BOOKRECIPE REVISIONS/CLARIFICATIONSBaked Stuffed French ToastBeef Stir-FryChicken and Artichoke CasseroleCinnamon Apple CakeGrammy 's Chocolate Chip CookiesKielbasa Bean SoupNew England Pot RoastPenne with Rosemary ChickenThree Cheese Spinach SoupGrandma Rue 's Peanut Butter FingersCider-Braised Pork ChopsPork Medallions with PearsFettuccine with Chicken and AsparagusTried and True LasagnaBreakfast Eggs w / Potato CrustBeef and Corn EnchiladasBaked SpaghettiKarlene 's Cottage Cheese PancakesCheesy Chicken and Rice CasseroleMargarita SlushRaspberry Margarita SlushBaked Shoestring PotatoesBaked Pasta and Lemon ChickenBaked Pesto Ravioli with Chicken
 I have been intrigued with the concept of the Dream Dinners and I bought the cookbook to hold me over until a franchise opens here in Canada . I love the little excerpts about conversation starters and the like and all of the low -LRB- er -RRB- fat ingredients but sadly , I 've tried 3 recipes so far , and all of them came out horribly.I 've contacted Dream Dinners and am waiting for their response . I 'm apprehensive about trying the other recipes I 've already bought the ingredients for . It 's getting expensive throwing things out and making another dinner for my family and it sure is n't make my life any easier.Another thing that irritates me about this book is that many of the recipes can not be frozen . Why include them in this book then ?? UPDATE
 I purchased both the Super Suppers cookbook and this one as well for my family to have homecooked meals each night , there are no pictures and the book is confusing . I prefered the Super Suppers cookbook over this
 I 've been to Dream Dinners a couple of times and loved it so I eagerly anticipated the release of this book . I was SO disappointed with my first 2 meals . They 're not giving away any secret recipes here ... There seem to be errors in the recipes as other reviewers have said . The Chicken & Artichoke Casserole calls for uncooked rice . Of course , the rice never cooked when I baked the casserole . Yet , the page facing the recipe has a big box explaining `` Cooking Rice in Large Quantities '' . I had to keep adding water to the baking dish to slavage the meal.I also find it quite strange that when I have gone to the Dream Dinners franchise , the pasta part of the meals call for the pasta to be boiled on the night you are serving them which works out great . This books calls for boiling then freezing . My pasta came out terrible.I expected so much better from this book . It seems like it was n't even proof-read . I did try the Slow-Cooked BBQ Beef on another reviewers suggestion and I will say it is AMAZING.Also disappointing is the lack of ANY photos . The labels are another story . There are 3 lables of each recipe in the back . It would be nice if they could also provide PDFs of the lables on their web site so I do n't have to go to a copy center .
 I bought this book and never cooked from it - mostly because the pages are cut in different sizes so it 's impossible to flip through . It 's not cute . It 's not vintage . It 's annoying.I loaned it to a friend who was interested in freezer cooking -LRB- along with my stand-by books `` Do n't Panic
 I have been wanting this cookbook since first visiting Dream Dinners a couple of years ago . While I enjoyed the concept , I thought their prices were way too high and was tempted to buy the book back then but did n't want to pay $ 20 for it . Recently , though , I found it at the Goodwill for $ 1.99 and happily brought it home . After wading through the pages trying to find something that might appeal to my family -LRB- this in itself was a task -RRB- I chose two recipes - New England Pot Roast and Cheesy Chicken & Rice Casserole . I made three of each and put them into the freezer , except for one of the casseroles which I left out for dinner that night . When preparing it , I immediately recognized that the 2 cups of milk called for in the recipe was not going to be enough , so I added a little extra . When the recipe was done , the rice was VERY dry - so I mixed in some leftover cheese sauce I 'd made the previous night for baked potatoes . It was okay , but I was disappointed because it would have been almost inedible if prepared as written . It was also not a pretty recipe - would have been nice to include some green in it , rather than just corn.A few days later I took one of the New England Pot Roasts out of the freezer . My biggest complaint about this recipe is that the entire recipe could not fit inside a 1-gallon freezer bag . In books like `` Fix , Freeze , Feast '' -LRB- a favorite of mine -RRB- and the out-of-print -LRB- but fabulous -RRB- `` The Warehouse Gourmet '' they intentionally portion the recipes to fit inside freezer bags , so they are easier to store in the freezer . I found that most of the recipes in `` Dream Dinners '' called for actual pans rather than bags - making them much less affordable to prepare , not to mention not very space-conscious . But back to that New England Pot Roast ... I thawed it out for a couple of days then threw it into the crockpot as directed . I got home from work that night to ... mush . The meat itself had that `` all-day-in-the-crockpot '' taste , but the vegetables had turned to complete mush . There was also not even close to enough seasoning - I needed to add a lot of salt just to make it edible . But even though the taste was ok , the look of the dish was very unappealing . The cabbage , especially , was very mushy and gross.So tonight I decided to make one of the 2 Cheesy Chicken & Rice Casseroles I had left in the freezer . I poured the thawed casserole into my pan , added some broccoli for color , and made about 2 cups of creamy bechamel-type sauce on the stove to stir in so it was n't so dry . I also added a little curry powder and mustard . In the end , the casserole turned out pretty good , but only because I was able to save it . I feel for anyone who paid $ 20 for this book only to learn - as I just did by coming here to Amazon to read these review - that the majority of the recipes have big errors in them!Save your money and buy a different book !
 I was really excited when I got the book , as I love the idea behind Dream Dinners . I have been to the store a couple of times and was ready to create some of the things I had there . Unfortunately none of the items that are in the store are in the book . The recipes that are in the book are not even close to being as good as the ones in the store either . The directions are not all that clear , there are no pictures , and as for reheating , I am not sure if the authors even tried to reheat the items as they all seem wrong when I do them . I would not recommend this book , there are several others out there that are better than this . If it had n't been a gift I would have returned it . Dream Dinners could , and should have done a much better job than this .
 I have to agree with many of my other 1-star reviewers -- save your money and do n't buy this book . I bought it when I began freezing meals , and I thought it would be a big help . I 've tried six recipes out of it now , and the best of them was too ordinary to make again . I just finished making the margarita slush -- definitely errors in that recipe , but I figured that out before I dumped 2 liters of club soda in . I did n't know about the 45 pages of corrections . There are much better resources out there .
 I purchased this cookbook hoping it would have some of their wonderful recipes offered at any Dream Dinner location . I was sadly mistaken . These recipes seem to be old family favorites , and not the delicious meals created by the expert Chef 's at Dream Dinners . I did however , find 5-10 recipes that I will try . You 've probably seen most of the recipes in here , only they put their own little twist on it . Overall , its not a horrible cookbook , just not what I expected .
 I bought the book thinking what a neat idea to have things in the freezer for the nights when cooking or take out were n't an option . WRONG ! Who ever wrote the book or tested the recipes just did not do a very good job . The instructions are vague and I had the topping of 2 recipes burn before the dish itself was cooked . I truly believe the recipes were NOT tested in a real kitchen with a real cook . Although the recipes look great , it 's too much trouble to figure out how to `` fix '' them to make them edible .
 I was a frequent Dream Dinners customer before we moved to a new area without a Dream Dinners franchise . The book info states it contains `` Dream Dinners favorites '' , and everyone in the family eagerly looked forward to its arrival . What a disappointment . None of the more popular Dream Dinners recipes were in the book . Only one recipe that we have made at Dream Dinners over the years was in the book . The recipes contained within are stereotypical of any junior league cookbook most of us have lying around the house . The directions are vague . I would return it but it is not worth the return shipping cost to do so , so I will probably donate it to one of my college bounds kids . As a -LRB- former -RRB- Dream Dinners customer , this book is a huge disappointment , did not live up to what was promised and I feel completely ripped off .
 I was really excited about trying the Dream Dinners concept . As the mother of a very busy one-year-old , I hoped to save time . But as other reviewers have mentioned , the number of errors in the recipes meant that I had to make replacement meals after the Dream Dinners recipes failed . It was a waste of ingredients and of time . In addition , many of the recipes were not up to our standards , with very high salt content and bland flavor . I am very disappointed . I still love the concept , but this book is not the one to get if you want to save time and plan ahead .
 This book has a few good recipes , but is not best of the books out there . Most of the recipes are not `` freezer to table '' , if what you 're looking for is something to just pull out of the freezer when you get home , as you would a TV dinner . No , these you have to let thaw completely before you cook them , which means you have to remember to pull them out of the freezer several hours ahead of time -LRB- something that does n't always happen when you 're busy -RRB- . You 're much better off cooking the entire batch , and then dividing them up into freezer portions so you can microwave them later for a quick dinner.Also , out of about 100 recipes , 20 + have errors . It 's one thing to write in cookbooks with your own adjustments , but you should n't have to make corrections . Unless this book comes ` way down in price , you would be better off waiting until the next edition comes out so you can have a clean copy .
 Thankfully I was able to check this book out from the library and therefore did not waste any money . If you are tempted to buy this book I would strongly encourage you to visit your library first as well ! I was interested in this book because I would like to have dinners in the freezer for busy weeknights and last-minute guests , the title and cover are very appealing and reads `` Turn Dinnertime into Family Time with 100 Assemble-and-Freeze Meals '' - sounds great , right ? Well , after reading the book I did not write down even one recipe to try ... I have to say I did glean some ideas from the book that I will try with recipes I already have , such as freezing muffin batter ... The few recipes in the book that sounded like something my family might actually eat , I already have great recipes for and will make and freeze using my recipes and not the ones from the book . Many of the recipes are not appealing to my family -LRB- myself , husband , 12 year old son , 10 year old son -RRB- . A sample of the recipe names which make me want to * not * own this book include
 It was drawn out and uninteresting . The characters were ok , but the whole package of plot , action and characters was boring . Nothing surprised or delighted me . Story brief
 could not get interested in the story . The premise was good and I liked the idea of the murder club but somehow it just was n't for me .
 The plot was uninteresting . The characters were dull . A Very Boring dialogue ... . Nothing to capture ones interest in the story . I could not continue reading ... I wanted to give the book a chance so I tried and kept reading along , but it did not work ...
 The heroine belongs in the `` too stupid to live '' category . The hero is a fribble . And in what universe does a gentleman ask a lady to wait for him while he is escorting another lady around for a few weeks?I bought this book because of all the 5 star reviews . I should have < yawn ! > saved my money . This one went in the recycling pile before I even finished it .
 This book is actually very stupid and it is poorly written . The plot is not deep and the characters -LRB- oh lawd -RRB- are nonsensical . I was really irritated and this book put me to sleep several times . People , save your precious money and buy a better book .
 I read the great reviews of How to Seduce a Duke and decided to purchase this book . I wish I had n't . The heroine , Mary , is fickle , silly and worst of all bland . The male lead , Rogan , is completely forgettable . These two meet when Mary poses as a statue in a garden . When Rogan touches her to see if she is real she slaps him soundly across the face . This happens one other time too . I have never been overly fond of any heroine who hits people.There is a mystery surrounding Mary and her three sisters which was boring and really took away from the story . Supposedly , the three girls are of royal blood . They are being sponsored in London for their first season by guardians who at times are amusing but also very scheming.There is very little character development . Rogan and Mary go from hating each other to a sudden tryst in a carriage . Mary is petulant and stubborn and oblivious to her feelings for Rogan . She claims she is in love with Rogan 's brother but there were no sparks between them and very little dialogue to convince me that she had any true romantic feelings for Rogan 's brother or for Rogan for that matter . Rogan was supposed to be a rake but there was no evidence of this . Usually Avon publishes good novels . This unfortunately , is not one of them .
 sorry but this book sucked . one of the worst romances I 've read in awhile . the character mary , i could n't stand her . why would anyone wated to marry her . She needed to grow up . the whole book was a disapointment
 This was so badly written . The plotting is miserable and idiotic . The heroine is ridiculous . The hero -LRB- a Duke no less -RRB- is pathetic . i ca n't believe this is the author 's fifth book . She still has n't learned how to show not tell her story . The characters are poorly developed . There is no plot , only inane scenarios popping up left and right with no sense . It 's like the author strung together romance-book-required phrases and subplots . She even threw in a paranormal bit with one of the sisters and a hidden passageway behind a bookcase for no reason . so ridiculous . into the dustbin . I ca n't believe HarperCollins published this completely pathetically written book . I ca n't believe i wasted my time reading it .
 Though normally a Kathryn Caskie fan -LRB- i.e. the Sinclair series -RRB- , the entire concept of three silly sisters attempting to prove themselves of royal blood was close to nauseating.I must have masochistic tendencies to have read past the first chapter that included bodies covered in rice powder to pose as marble statuary.Have not and will not read another of this series though am looking forward to the third episode of the `` Seven Deadly Sinclairs '' .
 I have to say this is one of the worst romances I 've read in awhile . I bought it because of all the good reviews , but maybe those people have n't read any Julie Garwood , Jo Beverly , Judith McNaught , Jude Deveraux , Catherine Coultier or Lisa Kleypas . I found the characters and their romantic relationship to be just about completely undeveloped and what is there is boring and juvenile . The mechanations of the `` guardians '' at the girls first rout is amusing , but on one page Mary & Rogan hate each and you turn to the next and they 've realized how wrong they are about each other and are in love . I finished the novel with more questions than answers -LRB- was there a large number of pages missing in my copy of the book , was Rogan ever a rake/as bad as his reputation ... they kept saying he was but ??? , did either character have even one trait that would cause another person to fall in love with him/her ? what 's with the mute servant girl ? -- I know the author 's apparent use of the character , but really , how random was that ? -RRB- , but , ultimately I just do n't care about finding the answers .
 I 'm sorry ... I 've enjoyed some of Kathryn Caskie 's books , but not this one ! The beginning just made me groan ! It began with a silly scene and I admit things improved but only slightly . This is a plot-driven book ... rich characterization is completely missing . There is no depth to any relationship in the book . The premise -LRB- 3 fraternal triplets are secret princesses ... it was difficult to accept triplets each with different colored hair -RRB- of this book is as implausible as the plot itself . As the denouement approaches , the hero and heroine are married by a bogus vicar but they do n't know that . The unmarried couple -LRB- although they think they are legally married -RRB- takes off to find the vicar to see if he can somehow nullify the wedding as if that were even legally possible . England had laws in the 1800s which would preclude a vicar being able to do that . And surely a duke would be aware of this but he acts just as foolishly as the heroine . Anyway , this is just another silly plot device that 's representative of this book . I suppose it 's meant to be a light-hearted romp but I just found it inane and irritating !
 If you 're planning to read this book , save your money . Check it out from the library or buy it used ... do not pay full price . Honestly , it 's one of the worst romances I 've ever read . I kept hoping it would get better and redeem itself , but it did n't . The characters are very flat , and there 's no reason to like or care about them . The hero -LRB- Rogan -RRB- is supposedly a rake , but the only reason we know that is because the author keeps telling us . And why should a reader care about the `` big mystery '' surrounding the birth of the heroine -LRB- Mary -RRB- and her sisters ? Even Mary was n't overly curious!I did n't buy the romance , either - terribly written . No reason to believe the characters actually fell for each other - and for goodness ' sake , their initial sex scene was when the heroine was drunk and half passed-out , and the hero knew it . Ugh . Certainly surprised me when Mary supposedly thought it was one of her dreams about Rogan ... ummm , maybe those dreams should have been mentioned previously in the book!There were a number of random things thrown in as well
 I think the book really is about project management , not programme management . As a project manager professional I have read numerous project management books and to be honest , I have not learned anything new in this book . I was looking for a book that would provide a programme manager -LRB- former project manager that masters project management techniques -RRB- tools & techniques to help with managing a project portfolio . Furthermore , I found the book to be somehow expensive vs content .
 The fundamental difference between Project and Programme management is in the focus and harvesting of benefits . This book makes next to no reference of Benefits . The knowledge on Programme management has matured and evolved considerably since this book was written . If you really want to get to grips with Programme Management then purchase Managing Successful Programmes .
 After reading some great books written by Michaels this is my second time being disappointed and I think I will require a lengthy break from her novels after this one . The book has some nice parts , that saves it form being a one star in my opinion , such as the descriptions of the house and the characters , I enjoyed reading about Meg and Andy 's relationship , it was cozy to see two people spend so much time alone and try to solve the mystery of their cousin 's haunted house in which they lived in , but come on , about eighty five percent of this book was them having conversations , it got so redundant that I was speed reading the last hundred pages to avoid growing gray hairs.Barbara Michaels books fall in two categories , either some jealous person is trying to drive the main heroine crazy or there are real ghosts , this one falls into one of those categories as expected , and the mystery was n't as interesting as I wish , too old fashioned and historical for my liking , it was hard to follow Meg 's ideas about people who 's lives she was trying to map out yet she never heard of them before . Meg used to have hallucinations and issues with her health , those strangely disappeared and what do you know , the moment she moved into Sylvia 's house it became haunted , impeccable timing or easy way out for the writer to spin the lame ghost story?I do n't even know what else to say other than it was n't scary at all , those who read it and shook with fear - are you for real ? I am trying to recall one frightening moment , other than my eyes closing form boredom ; it is frightfully boring - that I can attest to . I think this book needed more flesh and blood characters to make it interesting , it 's hard to suspect anyone since there are only two people present in most of the chapters ... I would recommend other books by Michaels that are enjoyable but not this one . Few that I really liked are `` Master of Blacktower '' , `` The Walker in shadows '' , `` Wait for what will come '' and `` Be buried in the rain '' . Those had some nice mix of characters and some light romance to make it interesting , evil old relatives and villains , and they were light on all the Civil War ghosts that Michaels loves to recycle , she seriously needs to stay far , far away from those ... - Kasia S.
 When I first picked this book up , I was very excited about the premise . I loved how Barbara Michaels set up the story and characters . However , I keep waiting for `` all the loose ends '' to come together . It was almost like Michaels had gotten annoyed writing the book and just wanted to finish . Therefore , leaving all sorts of loop holes . Issues were brought up in the beginning of the book and were never really explained by the end , or what their merit held in the dynamics of the story . I felt like Andy and Meg both did things that were totally out of character towards the end of the book . Especially based on how Michaels developed their traits and personalities . Perhaps that is just poor development of character.I must give Michaels credit on her historical and supernatural references throughout the book , these were the only enjoyable parts of this novel . When I bought this book , I also bought another one of her books , `` Here I Stay '' . In contrast , after reading `` The House of Many Shadows '' , I returned `` Here I Stay '' to the store . It might be a wonderful book , but I do n't want to invest the time in another lame duck . I am patient when reading a book and do n't mind if the story takes a while to acquire it 's conclusion . However , the book finally needs to demonstrate a conduit . Look if you want abstract story lines , watch a few episodes of Aqua Teen Hunger Force .
 I was n't going to write a review for this book , but I had to laugh at all the 5-star reviews . This book might be a great book if you 're 13 ! There was so much superfluous and tedious dialog that , finally , at page 182 , I began skimming through the book . I was bored to tears . I became a loyal Barbara Michaels fan after reading `` Sons of the Wolf '' which is one of the best suspenseful books I have ever read . But this is the last of hers I will read . The book does not live up to the title and plot premise of a spooky story . There is no suspense . Even the main character , Meg , often states that she is not frightened . Michaels does a good job with descriptions of the house , atmosphere , environment , etc. . Her character development and dialogue need work . I will not be wasting any more of my reading time with this author . If I had written these books , I would have hidden behind a pseudonym too .
 I purchased the paperback book in almost new condition however I was shocked to find the poor state when it arrived . The pages were yellow and stained . I threw the book away . I gave it a 2 star only because it was delivered quickly .
 and that 's exactly what I was while I was reading this book . Not enough quotation marks ... I hate being TOLD a story -- I want to READ one . Too much explaining going on . A big disappointment from my favorite author .
 This book was not one of Rachel Gibson 's best at all . Clare 's story is the second in a quartet series about a group of writers who all find love.Clare is a romance writer who longs to shed her good girl image , she is affianced to a great guy named Lonny . Clare has everything a woman could want ... but on the day of her friend Lucy 's Wedding -LRB- Sex , Lies , and Online Dating -RRB- she catches Lonny in a compromising position ... Could anything get worse ?!?! in this book OH YEAH!Clare gets drunk to drown her sorrows while at the wedding and wakes up in bed with a strange man and has no idea how she got there -LRB- apparently this is a habit . -RRB- Gosh you would think that with all the romance she writes , she would be a bit better at finding love ! Sheeeesh!Enter Sebastian Vaughan the man Clare wakes up next to who turns out to be her old childhood nemesis , and the man all too eager to help her shed her `` good girl image ! '' * yawn * The moment when Clare realized it was Sebastian next to her in bed ... was the most exciting part of the book everything else was just plain boring and nonsensical.Here is a list of the writer 's series :1 . Sex , Lies , and Online Dating - Lucy 's story .2 . I 'm In No Mood For Love - Clare 's story .3 . Tangled up In You - Maddie 's story .4 . 100 Bad Dates - Adele 's story coming 2008 . So far `` Tangled Up In You , '' is the best ...
 Have to tell you I am a HUGE fan of the previous Rachel Gibson books . They have intersting stories surrounding the sexy and romantic parts -LRB- which is the real reason we all read them ! -RRB- Sex , Lies and Online Dating , See Jane Score , and Truly Madly Yours are my favorites.I was the first on the list of my library to read this book . Read it in about 3 hours and have to say it did not hold my interest . Played very much to formula . The author worked very hard to throw in references to characters from previous books and lead-ins for future books . Started to remind me why I 've soured on Stephanie Laurens and , to a lesser extent , Julia Quinn . With the `` continuing characters '' approach , you can fill at least 15 % of the pages of the new book by reintroducing characters and basic story lines from previous books to bring a new reader up to speed . Makes us loyal readers skip over these parts and feel almost like we have n't gotten our money 's worth from the new book !
 i read the first chapter of clare 's story at the end of ` sex , lies , and online dating ' and was completely hyped to read ` i 'm in no mood for love ! ' i even raced to the local library to pick it up , but boy was i disappointed . unlike her other books , gibsons characters were really blah and not very exciting . there was no tangible heat between the characters , nothing to make their separation and return such a big deal . i just wasnt hooked and put it down after getting halfway through . i cant stand not finishing a book so i did finish it but seriously . . not worth it .
 It amazes me that this kind of sloppy work makes it to print . You really have to be a successful author to get away with this stuff . This is a pattern I 've noticed in most established authors . The more popular they become , the less well written their work becomes . I love Rachel Gibson . See Jane Score is one of my favorite contemporary romance novels of all time . Well , her work is n't that fun and compelling anymore . I 'm In No Mood for Love is the second part of the Boise writers series and it tells the story of Clare Wingate , a historical romance author who catches her fianc&eacute; in a rather compromising position . Miserable , she gets drunk at her friend 's wedding and spends the night with the gorgeous Sebastian Vaughn -- a foreign affairs journalist and childhood nemesis . Clare wants to swear off men , but Sebastian makes it difficult ... This novel is full of errors that new authors would never be able to get away with . First of all , there 's the telling instead of showing . Throughout the novel , you get mind-numbingly boring monologues about Sebastian 's family life and Clare 's relationship woes . There is little action , not enough dialogue between the protagonists and other characters to move the story along . We also have the cliche alpha male who does n't want to commit and cringes when he has to talk about his feelings . I like Gibson 's sexy , macho heroes , but Sebastian seemed more like a cardboard cutout of all of her previous heroes . The repetitive lines and typos/grammatical errors were the icing on the cake . I do n't expect an author to write flawlessly -- they 're human after all , especially if they 're working under a deadline , but I do expect a better effort . I also expect editors to do what they 're paid to do and send back a manuscript that is in obvious need of revising . I enjoyed Sex , Lies and Online Dating -- the first novel in this series -- but I 'm In No Mood for Love is a major dud . Let 's hope the next one 's better .
 I did n't buy the love story at all . I just did n't believe it . People who are new to Gibson should buy Truly Madly Yours instead because this book is a pale imitation of that one . Some of the lines were straight out of that book , as was the idea for Clare 's gift . The oversexed alpha male who comes to `` see the light '' and the uptight undersexed female who ca n't have sex without strings has just been done , done , done.Gibson can write really fun and hilarious books , I hope she finds that part of herself again .
 ... Yorkshire Pudding -LRB- which is licked from the chest of one of Clare 's heroines in her romance novels -RRB- is not a dessert but a solid item of food , traditionally served with a roast . Sort of sets the tone for the rest of the book . I am usually a Gibson fan , but this story disappoints on too many levels .
 I really enjoyed the first book in this series of four friends . But this one lost my interest on the first page . I was really disappointed in the story line , the characters -LRB- boring and unbelievable -RRB- and the lack of action . I felt like the author did n't like the characters .
 The book has many pledges it did n't fulfill an that 's the worst could do a writer . The love story per se was n't a love story and you 'll get disappointed as the plot evolves . I really think that are too many love stories and writers to read this one . If I were you I 'd skip this one
 This book did not need to be 359 pages . It 's almost as if the author padded the beginning of the book with useless descriptions and dialogs to make it a longer book . I almost put it down , but because Simply Irresistible was such a hit for me , I suffered through the first 200 pages . In the first 200 or so pages -LRB- I did n't exactly count , but roughly the first 200 -RRB- , actual interaction between the main characters was VERY limited . It could have been condensed down significantly leaving out the repeated descriptions of Clare or Sebastian 's childhood or the extensive descriptions of some random character or another at some random event Clare 's mother was hosting . The vast majority of time spent - in what must be almost the first half of the book - did absolutely nothing to set the reader up for the remainder of the book . I actually scanned some pages and moved on . I do n't know what I missed , but I do n't feel like I missed a thing . Once Sebastian started visiting more regularly and he and Clare started seeing each other , the book picked up and it seemed that the plot FINALLY started to develop . When the book did get going , it was great . However , I maintained optimism throughout the first 200 or so drab pages . You might not have that kind of patience .
 I have previously enjoyed several Rachel Gibson books , Sex , Lies and Online Dating and Lola Carlisle Reveals All among them . Having enjoyed Online Dating , I had high hopes for Love . These hopes were never realized.While the writing was good and the story flowed well , it was really boring . The main characters , Sebastian and Clare , never seemed to interact with each other except at parties thrown at the Wingate estate . The book seemed to be more about Clare 's relationship with her mother and Sebastian 's relationship with his father than it was about the relationship between the two of them ; their relationship never seemed to evolve.I enjoyed both characters , but I never understood why they were together or why I should care about their story .
 The title of this review pretty much says it all . While the book is still a decent romance novel , I was very disappointed throughout reading it -LRB- hoping it would get better -RRB- and even more so once it came to its end . I have come to expect better from Rachel Gibson -LRB- one of my 5 favorite authors up to now -RRB- . The greatest disappointment lay in that there was n't at least one line or scene which gave my heart a little squeeze or skip . The book was just so average and unexciting . -LRB- For a brief summary , see reviewer Harriet Klausner 's description . -RRB- Although I have to admit that part of the let-down might have come from months and months of waiting for this book -LRB- and having read the great ` preview ' -RRB- , I also think that the book was uninspired . And at least two sentences I have seen -LRB- almost -RRB- verbatim in previous Rachel Gibson books . Sure , an author should be allowed to repeat some lines -LRB- and I have noticed those ` repeats ' before -RRB- , but in this book , it started to be annoying . If there are going to be lines out of `` See Jane Score '' , could n't there also be the endearing thoughts Luc has about Jane , or the hot dialogue ? Or the love and longing from `` Truly Madly Yours '' ? It gets old to have a commitment-phobic guy in every book , to have the woman always realize she 's in love first , to have an overly macho guy -LRB- is a man only a hot alpha male if he does n't like - or pretends not to like - small dogs , ca n't tell colors , hates shopping , is lace-phobic , etc. . . ? -RRB- . And while I appreciate the fact that ` romance novel ' does not have to mean constant interaction between the male and female protagonists , but can also include great friendships and personal growth , I found the focus on the separate growth of these characters too much.Also , I think the reader never learns what Clare likes about Sebastian apart from the fact that he is hot , that she had a crush on him as a kid , that he can tease her like no one else and that he gave her a thoughtful gift?It would have been nice to have read more about the small quirks they noticed in each other and came to love or other thoughts they have about each other . And maybe , if one of Gibson 's male characters came to realize he loves the woman before she does , the endings would start to be more emotional and not seem like a sensible wrap-up . -LRB- The formula of `` woman realizes she loves him , tells man , he freaks out , little while later also realizes he loves her , confesses his love , happy ending '' has been used a bit too much by Gibson , I think -RRB- . If you 're a Gibson fan , you 'll probably want to read this anyway -LRB- and I 'm glad I did -RRB- , but do n't expect to learn much about Lucy and Quinn -LRB- no direct scenes with both of them in it -RRB- or to have much magic -LRB- in the way of `` Truly Madly Yours '' , `` See Jane Score '' , or `` Sex , Lies and Online Dating '' -RRB- . It 's still a good effort , but there were no emotional dialogues or scenes that made me heart feel a bit funny and glad and reminded me of why I read romance novels in the first place.PS
 whomever wrote the excerpt on the back cover of the book should be paid more , because she / he makes the book sounds like it could be an interesting book , but lo and behold when you read it it falls flat . or maybe the author is just good with making up an interesting premise , but fails on execution.it 's not a romance to me . sorry ms. gibson , too much things going on but with the romance the story seems it 's just scratching on the surface . i think i 'll think twice before picking up another book.for a good read , always go for linda howard 's , karen robards ' , jude deveraux 's or lindsey 's .
 I loved Rachel Gibson 's first six books , `` Simply Irresistible '' being one of my all-time favorites . I have continued to read her novels , but with less anticipation each time . Her latest lacks in both an interesting plot and in character development , i.e. likable characters you can connect with . I also recognized some wording that is identical to her other books . There just does n't seem to be any love lost between her main characters , it 's all about sex . Sex without feelings -LRB- even the typical unrealized or unadmitted kind -RRB- is not romantic . I donate all my books to the library . Maybe I 'll go there are check out her old ones .
 Her writing is good and very readable , but she writes the same novel over and over and it is the same novel Susan Elizabeth Phillips writes over and over.You always know the hot guy is going to be all about sex and the poor girl will fall in love with him first . He 'll reject her on that ground , but miraculously discover that he loves her in the end.These should not be called `` romance . '' They are in fact anti-romance . The guy is all talk about sex so soon in the relationship that real women would run screaming from the guy thinking he 's a pervert.And what 's with the green eyes ? These authors are positively obsessed with them . And with nipples.And the sex is so repetitive and gross . The heros have no romance to them at all , they are talking dirty so soon in the relationship .
 After the highly disappointing `` Sex , Lies , '' I was hopeful that Rachel Gibson would deliver a story with the same quality as her earlier work . Sadly , this is not the case here . She writes with little emotion or zest and the book is dull and uninteresting . For the first 200 pages or so , the characters barely interact and when they do , it 's with childish and immature behavior . Perhaps if there were some flashback scenes which could have explained the hostility between the two , it would have made more sense.When Sebastian and Clare finally get together , the story improves . I 'm also getting a bit tired of Gibson 's habit of waiting until the very last pages for the man suddenly , out of the blue , decide he 's in love and proposes marriage . Ca n't we have a bit of courtship and true romance ? Is n't there room in her books for some happiness and emotion to show the two truly falling in love?Gibson also borrows heavily on plotlines and passages from her earlier books . On her website , Gibson addresses her readers ' complaint that she misspells the names of previous characters . She reples , `` I guess I should read some of my older books . '' Yes , she had better do that right away , because any Gibson fan -LRB- as I am -RRB- will recognize elements of this story have already been used in other books . And , darn it , if she did n't misspell another character 's name -- Jane Alcott is spelled `` Alcot '' -- from `` See Jane Score ! `` One more thing ... it 's almost become a running joke to try and find all the typos and errors in Gibson 's books . This one is FULL of them and I actually found myself laughing -- not at the story , but how any self-respecting editor could let them through . Rachel , I hope you are not paying much for your editor . They are SO not worth it!Rachel ! Snap out of it and give us what we first loved about you ! I do n't want to believe you 've jumped the shark !
 I usually like Rachel 's books . But this one I could not even finish . I did not like any of the characters in this book . If I could I would give this one zero stars .
 Not worth the money . Just a bunch of cliches strung together in the pretense of writing . Characters were unrealistic and you never got to the point where you believe in them or cared what they did . Very slow reading . If you want to read sex scenes but do n't care about a storyline , you might enjoy this book .
 I thought the beginning of the book was great , and I was already to hear about Claire -LRB- one of Lucy 's friends from Sex , Lies and Online Dating -RRB- . After a great start , I was totally not interested . I kept skimming over big parts trying to get to the good part , and it never came . Even the happy ending seemed to be boring and forced . I really wanted to like the sequels to Sex , Lies and Online dating , but unless the other 2 are better than this , I wo n't be wasting my time .
 Though this novel has all the charms , chills , romance , and mystery of Michaels ' other wonderful Gothic pieces , it has a strangely rushed , abrupt feel that left me cold compared to her other novels . Though similar in length to her other works , the pace is choppy , and the reader is not as deeply drawn into the story . The two leads , Damaris and the eponymous Gavin , do fascinate and smolder with slow burning romance and character . Even the two of the servants , Betty and Ian , are intriguing , and provide a pleasant , if very minor , supporting influence . The real supporting players , however , left me scratching my head . Their presence , and the reactions to their presence , seem wholly untrue and poorly painted.In fact , many characters , like the spoiled daughter , Annabelle , are implausible sketches , not used to their potential best in the plot . -LRB- She is the duller , female version of The Secret Garden 's Colin , in a random , ill-used plot line . -RRB- They are set up only to fall by the wayside as the narrative manages to both barrel and creep to a `` resolution '' of the slackest kind . Huge events occur without much impact . When action does occur , it seems forced an ill-fitting with the story.Shocking revelations are tumbled out at the last minute , and the end is the final jerk of a disintegrating rope . Not the kind of tug that startles the enchanted reader out of reverie , but the kind that leaves the reader holding a frayed end of a loosely woven story , wondering where the rest went.I am otherwise a huge fan of Michaels ' historical Gothic novels . But The Master of Blacktower trails far behind , in desolate mist , the truly shining , exciting , yet similar , Greygallows , Black Rainbow , Wings of the Falcon , and the Wizard 's Daughter . Of them all , I find Black Rainbow to be the best of the form , though I also sometimes reread Greygallows and the Wizard 's Daughter . I wish she wrote more in the vein , but Victoria Holt keeps me happily supplied with historical Gothic revival fiction . From Holt , I highly recommend Night of the Seventh Moon , which I am thrilled is available on Kindle.Better yet , order yourself a shelfful -LRB- dusty old box full -RRB- of the original Holt/Carr paperbacks and hardbacks . You wo n't be sorry . Michaels ' fans will enjoy .
 I read the first two books of this series , but could n't take it by the third . Could n't finish it . The first one starts off interesting with hard science concepts and ideas , then de-evolves into something meandering and pointless . The other books get progressively worse . Think Jane Austen in space - nothing happens , everybody is a moron , and the entire plot is driven by pointless emotions and hand-wringing . If you read the author 's essay in `` Star Wars on Trial '' it is easy to see why this happens . She basically talks about starting out as a hard sci-fi writer , but then proudly describes her abandonment of that genre , deeming it inferior . The whole point why I got interested in the first book is that it had some interesting ideas grounded in reality - not because of the melodramatic whining it turned into .
 This book , as well as The Highlanders Bride is like reading on a loop . How many times do the heroines in both these books poke the `` out-of-my-mind-in-love-with-this-woman '' hero in the chest . I thought I was reading the same page over and over . This writer needs to expand her vocabulary . It drove me to distraction . And why is it that the women NEVER , EVER , listen to the guy , but are ALWAYS right . Read Garwood , Woodwiss , McNaught or even Putney for real historic romances .
 This `` ghost '' story is a fairly good read , but rather disappointing compared to other books I 've read by Barbara Michaels . Looking for a good Michaels book ? Try Vanish with the Rose or Into the Darkness .
 I do n't know what the other nine reviewers on this page have been reading lately , but the books must be sadly lacking if they 've given `` Secrets of the Highwayman '' 5 stars . Hard to believe it was even published .
 Did n't do it for me . Read more like a Young Adult book . Had a difficult time finishing it but did because I had nothing else to read at the time .
 This was the third in a series and lives up to all expectations ! Another great book by Prichert
 A fairly good period mystery is spoiled by attempting to use the venicular of the 40s . The technique is over used , distracting , and if the purpose was to make the heroine more distinctive , while it may have , it certainly did not enhance the story . I wo n't buy anymore of this series .
 This is the first mystery I 've read by Sandra Scoppetone , and have to admit it is the last . This particular `` mystery '' , I feel , is trite , boring , and cheats with the use of a psychic to help solve two murders . Set in 1943 war-time New York , barring a couple of mentions of some old-time radio shows and a jazz musician or two , there is no real reason to set the story in this time period , as I never once believed for a second that the story was taking place then . For true period-setting writing in the World War II era , try a Stuart Kaminsky Toby Peters novel for comparison . Additionally , the constant use of `` Bronxian '' style language by Faye Quick and other `` lower class '' members of the cast -LRB- nothin ' , ya ' , thinkin ' -RRB- does not play well , is not true to adding to the characters ' voices , and merely slows the story down . Usually , I will give an author a second chance to see if such problems were merely a fluke , but I have no intention of wasting more of my money . I am a huge fan of WWII period mysteries -LRB- those actually written at the time and those written subsequently -RRB- , but this novel will certainly not endear anyone into exploring other writers in this time period genre .
 Do n't waste your time reading this `` mystery '' . The author has no respect for her readers - and no respect for her own abilities . Too bad.The idea of setting this mystery in 1940s NYC was a good one . But that 's all that is good about her book.It 's probably a better idea to read mysteries of the 30s and 40s and later by the authors who lived in that period .
 This story is set in the 1940 's , and people talked a little differently back then . So an occasional use of slang from that period would be appropriate . But does it need to be in every paragraph ? The female PI talks in 40 's slang that 's so distracting , I stopped reading on page 20 . Here are some examples : `` Putting on the feedbag '' , `` freeze my tootsies '' , `` fell on my keister '' , `` a cigar clenched between his choppers '' , `` eyeballed my gams '' , `` opened my big yap '' , `` coppers '' , `` hooper dooper '' , `` John Q. Public '' , `` ankling down the street '' . And that 's just a partial list from the first 10 pages.Used that frequently , the slang kept me from getting involved in the story . `` This Dame for Hire '' might have a good mystery at its center , but unfortunately , I 'll never finish the book .
 I was n't born in the 1940s -LRB- the setting of this novel -RRB- . My parents were n't even born ! So , the slang and NYC dialect in this novel were foreign and difficult . I liked the characters and the story but could n't get past the words ! They seemed contrived and fake ... I could n't lose myself in the story because the dialogue never seemed real . Maybe this is really how people talked back then but I could 've used less of the gum smacking , chain smoking slang !
 Great idea but the it fails . I love the era , I can live with the jargon and the plot is unoriginal , not bad ; but This Dame is the dumbest detective I 've ever read . A woman who stumbles along to success . Whenever we see her wheels turning she 's usually heading in the wrong direction . I have n't even finished have a chapter to go , but I know how this will end and getting there was torture .
 This mystery has gotten some rave reviews , and I have n't a clue why . While the writing can at times reach the level of witty , the characters -LRB- with one exception -RRB- are stock and the plot is by-the-numbers , with one exception -- and the exception kills the novel.It 's about a female PI , Faye Quick , and it 's set in WWII New York City . While Scoppettone has an eye and ear for historical detail , it seems less like atmosphere and more like a checklist of `` things to put in a WWII novel in New York City . '' Horn & Hardart ? Check . Frequent references to celebrities ? Check . The Algonquin ? Check . Diners ? Check . And so on.Also , Faye talks like the tough dames in those '40s movies you been hearin ' about . Which works well if not overdone , as it is here . And there is one entirely too precious touch in the novel which drives me crazy
 Now do n't get me wrong . I ai n't got nuthin against women suffrage or anthin . I mean , I figure the same bums are goin to be in office whether the ladies vote or not . Right . But hirin a skirt to be a detective in a 1940s noir mystery , that just ai n't jake.The story itself has more holes in it than Al Capone 's Valentines Day Party guests . For instance , Faye Quick was the secretary ta a real gumshoe until he got drafted and sent ta the Pacific . Quick had rode along wit her boss on stakeouts on one or two casions and that apparently qualified her to take over his detectin when he got shipped out . Do n't sound copecetic ta me . Then a young woman gets whacked and after Quick noodles out that the initials that appear in some documents are clues to the identity of the murderer , we find out that all six or seven of the mugs what are suspects just happen ta share some of dose same initials . Hey ! Like that happens everyday , right?Quick 's character ai n't exactly highly developed . Despite bein a dame , Quick speaks just like the tough , cynical PIs you find in all the noir mysteries . The only way you can tell this gat-totin broad is a gal is that she sometimes wishes she had some new silk stockins to cover her gams.The book is written in the vernacular . Quick talks like me , usin the same slang , phrases , spellins , and sin tax as I do here . It gets annoyin . Real annoyin . Now , maybe you 're of the opinion that the snappy dialog in noir mysteries are half the fun , but the dialog in this book is so wooden that Noah coulda used it to build an ark . I found it was distractin and made the story hard to follow , and its not like my lips was movin when I was readin it.Faye Quick , girl PI , is probably not goin to like what I said here , but I figure , if she ca n't stand the heat she shoulda stayed in the kitchen .
 There are a number of these books out by this author and I had seen some adds that made them look very interesting . I found a number of problems with this book . There were items that only received a small paragraph that I would have liked to have seen pages , and items with pages that could have been a single paragraph . I also wanted more detail that was there , plus it would have been nice to have seen resources on where the information came from . I gave it a 2 as it was interesting to a very small point .
 I was extrememly disappointed when I saw the size of this `` mini-book '' . I purchased it for a gift for my father-in-law and was almost embarrassed to send it .
 the author seems somewhat ` full of himself ' - has quite an ego , which comes through in this mildly interesting tale ...
 This started out promising , but I found the author 's ego got in the way of what should have been a very moving storyline . He related several job-related incidents of working in the coroner 's office of New York City , and then switched to the upheaval of 9/11 . At this point , he seemed to be a one man savior for the identification process , and never missed a chance to question his superiors , or note the time he personally spent . With the exception of mentioning a very few co-workers , which he recruited , he barely mentions the huge staff effort to accomplish the identification of 9/11 victims .
 Very disappointing read . Seemed to be more about the author and his bragging than about the morgue or 9/11 .
 I expected this book to be much better than it turned out to be . It was somewhat informative , and the descriptions of the work itself were moderately interesting . However , the author spent so much time regaling the readers in his expertise , his compassion and his many talents that it became almost a farce . Over and over again , we were subjected to the details of his magnificence . I was very disappointed as , given the subject matter , this had the ability to be an outstanding book .
 I thought this book would be about how the NY Medical Examiner 's office reacted to the events of 9/11 . But it is n't . It is about the author 's journey to becoming a medical examiner , written in the first person , and it is poorly written , pendantic and over-arching . The first chapter -LRB- s -RRB- are spent letting us know of his personal career journey , which as far as I can tell consists of him trying to make a doctor 's salary without being a doctor . The rest of the chapters then tell us about how we , the general public , could never do his job because death is something we really ca n't deal with . Only one chapter chronicles 9/11 . Sorely disappointing book clearly written to captialize on 9/11 .
 One of most boring books I have ever read . The book 's cover leads one to believe that it 's about all the behind the scenes stuff at a Medical Examiner office , matter of fact , it says exactly that . Unfortunately , this is about the life of the author , his rise to be a coroner 's `` investigator '' , with very little in between about the real goings on in the medical examiner 's office . There 's a lot of paperwork shuffling in his office , but not much about the real down and dirty stuff.If I were you , I 'd pass on this one . I wish I had .
 Overall , Conservatize Me was all right . I did enjoy John Moe 's side of The Experiment and found it somewhat enlightening to see the what Moe portrays as the thoughts of a liberal . The humor was not always funny and many times acidic towards topics Moe strongly disagreed with -LRB- like religion -RRB- . I did notice something important in regards to the integrity of the book . There are no citations . There are footnotes , but they are Moe 's additional thoughts . There are mentions of media outlets and events , such as `` The Washington Post said blah blah '' or `` Dick Cheney was involved in blah blah , '' but no citations of any events , interviews , news articles , or anything . None . So in regards to being considered a valid source , Conservatize Me is not a valid source for anything . I recommend keeping that in mind when reading this book and before accepting anything in the book as truth.Due to the validity of the book I took a star off my rating .
 It 's hard for me to believe anyone over the age of 15 wrote this book . And make that a 15 year old boy , at that . Too simplistic to be taken seriously ... . when the two `` heros '' are not gorging themselves enough to make a sumo wrestler vomit , they are just acting stupid . This book is a waste of time . It is the first Evanovich book I 've read ... and it will be the last .
 Janet Evanovich is my absolute all time favorite author , which is why I 'm heartbroken over this book . I have never read an Evanovich book I did n't like until now . I literally finished the book only because Janet wrote it.The book pretty much goes like this
 I like all the Stephanie Plum books -LRB- although the Stephanie , Joe Morelli , Ranger triangle is really getting old -RRB- . But I found Motor Mouth to be just plain boring . I tried to stick with it but halfway through I just could n't take it anymore . I figured why force myself to read it if it 's just not enjoyable . Hopefully JE can still be creative and is not getting stagnant .
 This clunker died about half way down the road . All readers should be warned that to read this book you are under the yellow caution flag . I actually threw it in the trash . Dreadful book .
 The first couple of Plum books were wonderful but Evanovich apparently got lazy and invested nothing in character or plot development . I thumbed through a couple pages before I bought this book and was very happy to see an intelligent woman with real skills as a main character . I 'm over half way through it now and I do n't know if I 'll ever pick it up again . Every book of this and related genres requires a suspension of disbelief -- they all include the good guys and the villains making stupid decisions that are necessary for the plot to move forward . But this book takes that problem out to lunch . At every turn , all the main characters make decisions and do things that no sentient being would make or do . And the relationship that started out cute in the Plum novels and then became boring is just ridiculous here . While I probably will finish the book -LRB- I 'm the type who reads the backs of cereal boxes -RRB- , I wo n't recommend it to any one -LRB- I gave the first couple of Plum novels as gifts -RRB- . Ms. Evanovich , show a little respect for your readers and put a little work into writing your next book .
 Could wrap myself around this one either . I was hoping it would be a different great adventure . Someone else has to of loved it , but it was n't my cup-of-coffee ! -LRB- I do n't drink tea -RRB-
 I was first introduced to janet evanovich in the book High Five , i loved it so much i went back and read the four books in the series and constantly looked forward to each release each proceeding year . When her rereleased novels started to appear , her romance and ` full ' series with charlottle i basically came to the conclusion that for me her writing skills just improve every year and that is why i did n't like any of her pre-plum novels , and so when metro girl came out i ate it up like a good obedient fan and loved it ... . Sad to say motor mouth , was just one dissapointment after another . And i actually recommend to everyone not to read it and be dissapointed . but then again , i am a die hard ranger fan and once evanovich finally chooses morelli , i will stop reading the plum novels . so it 's everyone to themselves but i personally hated the book . an they 're , how shall i say , not so good !!!
 This was a fast read , but a rather outlandish plot line . The more the story progressed the more unrealistic it became . Might be a decent beach book if you are looking for something light .
 I 'm a big fan of Janet Evanovich and the Plum novels . I also usually enjoy C.J. Critt as a reader , but this one failed to capture my attention . Critt 's reading made Sam Hooker more lecherous creep than sexy , though flawed , hero.I 'm intrigued by the NASCAR concept and love that Barney is an engineer , but the formula is n't working . It seems like Evanovich did more research for Stephanie Plum 's bounty hunter than she has on women in NASCAR , so it 's harder to get into these books . There are also too many location changes , unlike the Plum novels , where Trenton , NJ almost becomes a character itself.As a fan , I know Janet Evanovich can do much better than this . The family business needs to drop this product line and stick with what they know .
 I do n't know who wrote this book , but they should refrain from insulting us again . I really had to struggle to get through this book . I love the Plum series ; I 've read them all several times over , but I could barely get through this dreck .
 First I have to say that I am a HUGE Janet fan . I have all her books and have read and re-read them a zillion times . When Metro Girl came out I was excited ... I was not thrilled with Metro Girl , but I liked it . I felt like it was a rushed book , not the greatest but good . Then she started Motor Mouth and kept pushing back the release date so I thought she was really taking her time with this one and it was going to be better . I was wrong ! My sister and I bought the book on it 's release date . My sister called me later that day to say she disliked it so much she was n't even going to finish it . It usually takes me no longer than a day to read her books because I ca n't put them down . This one took several days because I had to put it down , several times . The plot is so unbeleivable and ridiculous and gets more so as it goes on . The dialogue and humor is forced ... Everything seems to be recycled from her previous books , right down to the dog , another version of Bob from the Plum series . It is revealed early in the story that Hooker , the hero , has cheated on Alexandra , the heroine of the story . He is so nonchalant about the whole thing you want to deck him ... But Alex is just as nonchalant ... It just is n't realistic . I wont be rereading this one ... And I wont be rushing out to buy the next in the series .
 I am a big Janet Evanovich fan and I have to say , I am very disappointed with this book . I was very excited last year when she created a new character in `` Barney '' , a girl engineer with a gift for being a top notch auto mechanic . I thought she might really have a chance with a new series , so I was really looking forward to a new adventure It is n't surprising that she would use Nascar as a backdrop for the story since she created Hooker for the first book . I do n't know much about racing , so I found it a little interesting , but she quickly veered away from the Nascar theme and took up a completely silly , not to be believed adventure for Barney and the testosterone crazy Hooker with his overwhelmingly silly Saint Bernard , Beans who incessantly drools and knocks people flat on their backs . The laughs were there at times but after ahwile got the slapstick joking got old and I was very disappointed when she abruptly ran out of steam and did n't even try to tie up any of the loose ends at the end of the silly adventure of rescuing Gobble , a friend in need who has accidently locked himslef in the back of an 18 wheeler . I took this book out of the library and I would have kicked myself if I had paid the steep price charged for this book . Maybe Janet needs someone to write with her if she is having a tough time creating her own stories . I feel bad not to be able to write a positive review for one of my favorite writers . Being a huge Stephanie Plum fan . I do n't plan to read any more books in this series .
 I too am a big Janet fan.I was hoping , as the second book into this series , that it would develop more of a personality of its own . I find Barney to be a poorly written first draft of Stephanie . I tried very hard during both books not to compare the two -LRB- I can with other authors -RRB- - but there are too many similarities to Stephanie . Even when Barney meets Simon , she tells him shes a lingerie buyer , Come on !!! I will continue to support Janet w / the Plum Series , but this one I give up on .
 I 'm a big Evanovich fan , or , I should say , a Stephanie Plum fan . However , the Barnaby/Hooker series is downright disappointing . After reading both books in the series , I still do n't feel as if I know the main characters and at this point I 'm not sure if I want to . I 'm assuming Ms. Evanovich put Alex and Sam in the off-again '' part of their relationship at the beginning of the book in order to create sexual tension throughout the book . Unfortunately , it still was n't enough to make me want to continue reading . I almost quit several times . However , NASCAR information was interesting even though I 'm not a fan . I did n't care for the disrespectful manner in which dead bodies were treated . It was obviously supposed to be silly and slapstick , but I found it distasteful . Did n't have any LOL moments while reading this book , but I guess the really good jokes have to be set aside for Stephanie and the gang . Still a JE fan , but wo n't be reading any more of this series .
 I love many of Evanovich 's books , but this one just was n't very good . I love her dialogue , and the silly pranks throughout her stories , and this one had plenty of those . But the characters just are n't that interesting . And I agree that the NASCAR information was just over the top . A bit interesting if you 're a fan , I 'm sure , but I 'm not . And , the characters are overly familiar as rewrites of characters from her other books . I 'm sorry I bought this in hardcover -- I paid too much !
 I love Janet Evanovich , so I was excited to read another of her books . But it was a disappointment . With the second book of the series I still have no sense of who Barney and Hooker are . Secondary characters ... Felicia and Rosa are more fleshed out . I simply did n't care if Barney and Hooker succeeded in their mission.Rather than NASCAR being a backdrop to the story , the book feels more like a NASCAR documentary with a fiction story behind it . Too much information about the inner workings of NASCAR racing felt forced and not really part of the story.I actually enjoyed Janet 's released novels `` Back to the Bedroom '' and `` Man Hunt '' more.I agree with reviewer , Cherise , the first book in the series seemed rushed and this one does too . I 'm not ready to give up on the series , but I hope book three focuses more on character than NASCAR fun facts .
 I read Metro Girl and was n't thrilled with it , I thought it was just okay -LRB- and the phrase `` NASCAR guy '' got old fast . -RRB- Motor Mouth was the first time I was truly disappointed in an Evanovich book.First , I really did n't get into the NASCAR part . We are NASCAR fans in our household , and while I do n't really get into the races , I do know who the drivers are and have my own favorites . However , I just do n't have any desire to read a novel set in the NASCAR scene . I know that NASCAR 's fan base has grown by leaps and bounds in the last decade or so , and a lot of those fans are women . This book would probably appeal to a lot of those fans . It just did n't appeal to me.Some of the situations in the mystery were a little over the top , and towards the end I starting thinking , `` Oh come on ! '' I know Janet 's books can be a bit far fetched , that 's what makes them fun , but this one was too much for me . And , I had the mystery solved before I was even half way through the book . There was n't even that to keep me guessing.The worst was that she had Hooker cheat on Barney . She overstepped the bounds there , in my honest opinion . There is already enough infidelity in this world wihtout adding it into a book that I read to try to escape the stresses of life . I could n't believe she made him a cheater , then Barney took him back . Sorry , it does n't work for me , and Hooker will always be a slime ball character to me from now on . I ca n't see myself reading any more of the books in this series . Janet lost me here.I give this book two stars . One for the funny parts , as there were a few , and two , the NASCAR bits are well written . My husband read it and said that Janet obviously did her homework to write this book , so I need to give her credit for that.I think I will stick with Stephanie Plum , and Janet 's re-released romance novels . Those are more my style .
 Thank God I did n't actually buy this one . Characters were variations of the `` Plum '' series , and not as funny either . While Stephanie Plum 's antics are hardly credible - ie , getting her cars blown up every other day - at least her characters are loveable and funny , and are enjoyable to read . This one did n't have much going for it , so I gave it back after a couple of chapters .
 First off , please know that I LOVE the writing of Janet Evanovich . I have read all of her `` number '' books -LRB- which YOU should , too , if you need a solid laugh ! -RRB- and several of her others , including Metro Girl , the precursor to Motor Mouth.It pains me to say that this book stunk!We do n't even know who the narrator is until well over 100 pages have passed . We 're given a really sketchy history of her and her relationship with the male lead character . There are TONS of characters in this book , many of them incidental to the plot.But it was the plot itself that really was the downfall of this book . I can accept that the main characters are on the Nascar circuit . What I could never accept was the premise that our main characters could find dead bodies and major corruption , have one of their friends go missing , be chased repeatedly -LRB- it really got old after awhile ... -RRB- by really bad guys , all without involving the police . It 's like a badly written movie where you know the woman is going to come to no good if she investigates the noise in another room - I wanted to tell Barney and Hooker , `` Call the police , already ! `` And the fact that half of Miami knew where Hooker and Barnaby were , yet the police could never catch up with them , despite them being `` wanted '' , was equally ludicrous.I DID like the doggie subplot , though the scene where Beans suffers the result of eating a box of prunes , did NOT need to be so graphically written -LRB- the word ` gelatinous ' just made me gag -RRB- . Some books you just want to own , instead of borrowing them from the library . I thought this would be one of them . In my entire life I 've never put down a book without finishing it . I still can say that , though with this book it was tempting . I 've donated it to our local library .
 I confess , I stopped reading this book by the time they found the body - Chapter 3 or thereabouts . The problem was partly mine - I loathe NASCAR in all forms , and have no interest in NASCAR people , plots , or stories . I also ca n't get into the main characters - Hooker is a jerk , and Barney is totally unbelievable as an engineer - which I also am , but my interest in the discussions of race car technology was not enough to overcome my other objections.This is too bad , because I love Evanovich 's Stephanie Plum series , and her lively dialogue , weird supporting characters , and bizarre plot twists are still present in the first few chapters of Motor Mouth . I did get through the first Barney book , Metro Girl , but was n't thrilled with that either ; I should have realized that Motor Mouth would be far too much more of the same , and far less readable for me.On the other hand , if you 're a NASCAR fan , this may be the book for you . That 's about the only thing in this book , as far as I can tell , having opted out early . Life 's too short to read books in which you have no interest .
 The main appeal of Stephanie Plum is that she 's an average woman , dealing with an average family and some not so average circumstances . Alexandra Barnaby is freaking wonder woman with bad judgment . The secondary characters seem to be two dimensional copies of the Plum characters , but with less interesting personalities.Trying to like these first person POV told stories when you hate the main voice is near impossible . This was the last Barney book I 'm going to bother with , I 'd rather reread Plum .
 I 'm getting tired of how formulaic Evanovich is getting . I really enjoy the Stephanie Plum series , but now in her Barney books we 've got to have coy sex -LRB- seen it already -RRB- , a big slobbery dog -LRB- yup , seen that too -RRB- , and lots of come-here come-here , go-away go-away . It makes me sad because I really like Janet Evanovich 's books and I 'd hate to see them get to be all the same . There was a time when I liked Danielle Steele , but got so I could n't stand the book after book cookie cutter heroine -LRB- 5 ' 1 or 5 ' 2 , blonde or red hair , blue or green eyes , beautiful with Daddy issues -RRB- .
 As others have mentioned , this book pales in comparison to the more fleshed-out Plum series . I love the Plum series and I laugh out loud reading those novels . I did n't laugh once in this book , a couple of wry smiles was the best I could muster . Some of the reasons are
 Dog poop features often in this book . At one point a whole bag of dog poop which pretty much sums up the book . Add into the mix a cheating boyfriend with an ego the size of Texas , a woman who ignores the boyfriend 's cheating and still sleeps with him and a ridiculous plot with a high quota of violence all set around NASCAR.If you like juvenile gags and the same lame jokes over and over , you 'll get plenty of that . Anyone with a smigden of intelligence will want to put it through the shredder . I think Evanovich was aiming for madcap , but instead Motor Mouth was simply maddening . Weak characters , improbable storylines , hackneyed over-used childish pranks and pratfalls.Sam Hooker , who was so annoying in Metro Girl , was even worse in this book . We find out in chapter one that he has cheated on Alex -LRB- Barney -RRB- Barnaby with another woman , but improbable as it may seem for a woman supposedly as strong as Alex , she did n't drop him like a stone.This book did n't work on any level.It was repetitive , non-stop garbage . Janet Evanovich churns her books out too quickly , pushing out at least two books a year . This shows as the quality of her work as gone down as the quantity goes up . I would much rather she spend more time on her books like other authors . Let 's hope she dumps the Alex Barnaby books and spends more time improving the Plum series.I got this book out the library as I would never buy another Evanovich book after Metro Girl . I would n't read another in this series , even a library copy .
 Janet , what were you thinking of ??? It is so sad , to see an author who produced a book like One for the Money churning out this garbage.If you like juvenile gags and the same lame jokes over and over , you get plenty of that in Motor Mouth . Anyone with a smigden of intelligence will want to put it through the shredder . I think Evanovich was aiming for madcap , but instead Motor Mouth was simply maddening . Weak characters , ridiculous storylines , hackneyed over-used childish pranks and pratfalls . I like animals in novels , particularly dogs such as the ones in Linda Lael Miller 's books , but this dog , the badly behaved and out of control Beans , was really annoying . Beans was like a cartoon dog , knocking people completely flat all the time and also biting into a corpse for a snack . Totally disgusting.Hooker , who was so annoying in Metro Girl , was even worse in this book . He actually cheated with on Barney with another woman on page 2 , but improbable as it may seem for a woman supposedly as strong as Barney , she did n't drop him like a stone . The guy has no integrity , treated Barney like some track bimbo and she still goes ahead and hangs around and sleeps with him . What is it with Janet Evanovich and cheating ? She had Stephanie Plum showing no remorse when trying to cheat on Joe in Twelve Sharp . Is she such a fan of infidelity she now considers it second nature?This book did n't work on any level . The way Barney and Hooker could steal cars , locate microscopic chips and evade the baddies was completely off the credibility scale . The violence was over the top.It was repetitive , non-stop garbage . The dog poop stuff , especially the bag of dog poop and corpse biting , was disgusting and anyone feeding their dog the diet fed to the poor Beans should be a target of the Humane Society . It is not funny , and I 'd hate to think it would encourage anyone to do the same . It is as JE thinks her readership are 12 year boys who like vomit and poop.The NASCAR stuff was boring . B O R I N G.JE churns her books out too quickly , pushing out at least two books a year . This shows as the quality of her work has gone down as the quantity goes up . I would much rather she spend more time on her books like other authors . Let 's hope she dumps the Alex Barnaby books and spends more time improving the Plum series , or starts a new series with Ranger.I only finished this book because I had nothing else to read on a trip . I got this book out the library as I would never buy another Evanovich book after Metro Girl . I would n't read another in this series , even a library copy .
 I ended up just skimming the rest of the book after getting half way through . I read Evanovich way back before Stephanie and have owned all of her books written solely by her . I suppose this book could be savored IF you are a NASCAR fan , which I am not . Most of the attention and detail went into that . I did n't laugh until after page 200 and I think it was a laugh of desperation . Much of the gags fell flat for me , they seemed too cartoonish . I like silly but too much was just dumb . Dog poop plays a major part in one . The violence in it bothered me too and it does n't that much in the Plum books . I 'm not sure why here , maybe because there 's a reason in the Plum books - she 's a bounty hunter . It just seemed to contain just a lot of surface writing with the two main charaters , and only got interesting when the minor characters showed up - the non grieving widow and the two friends from Florida . Finally some non-NASCAR color .
 I usually depend on Janet Evanovich for quick , funny and involving mysteries , but I 'll never read another Alex Barnaby again . So much is a rehash of what works with Stephanie Plum ; coy off-and-on romance , check ; sassy ethnic ladies , check ; sloppy dogs , check.This one made no sense . Why did n't Alex and Nascar guy call the police right away when a friend disappeared ? How could they be in hiding while involving people with huge families in their problems and being asked for autographs?It was also disgusting . Who wants to read about a dog with bowel issues , nasty corpses and a dog with bowel issues having run-ins with nasty corpses ? Most disturbingly , none of the gore bothered the main characters . It was like a PG-rated ` Natural Born Killers . '
 I 'm a fan of Janet Evanovich and her Stephanie Plum series , I think it 's laugh out loud funny . I did n't care for this story at all , it seemed sloppily constructed and I agree with other reviewers , lacked a story line or believable characters . I left off a few chapters into it , there was no point in finishing .
 after anticipating this book to be published . I rushed to the store as soon as it was out I bought it . It does n't come near as interesting , funny , up to the usual standards of Janet 's writing . It left me flat you ask yourself what happened to the interesting quick thinking brassy talking characters from metro girl ? I would not reccomend this book . When I read Janet 's books I usually laugh out loud . Nothing to laugh in this book all old dialogue .
 I liked the first book in this series but was unable to listen to more than a few minutes of the recorded version of Motor Mouth . The narrator was horrible , using a bizarre accent that would have been out of place in a cartoon for Hooker , and a bland cleaned-up standard accent for the New Jerseyite heroine .
 I am a diehard Stephanie Plum fan , and Janet Evanovich is a fantastic writer . Where , oh where do these airhead simplistic lightweight books come from and why ? Such a waste of her talent ! I do n't know , maybe she is writing for a different audience , but I know there are Stephanie fans just like me , buying these other books of hers , just in case , like I do . My copy of this one is going on Ebay , where the last Barnaby dud went . I hope I get a buck for it .
 I never miss an Evanovich book . She is the only author I actually buy in harcover . I want my money back !!! This is a pale shadow of her usual writing . Maybe her publisher was pressuring her for a book so she tossed this one off . I do n't know but I do know I was very disappointed .
 This is the second book in the Barnaby series . While I was greatly disappointed in the first book in the series , as I had been given the second book as well , I decided to go ahead and read it to see if the series improved . Taking place primarily in Miami , it involves a secret race car controller that can improve performance , a dead body wrapped in plastic , and a St. Bernard along with the main characters from the first book , Barnaby , an engineering graduate/gearhead who now works for NASCAR racer Hooker and is his on again/off again girlfriend , and Hooker himself . As in the first book , the plot and character actions not only strain , but completely burst any sense of credulity as the events cascade into kidnappings , hit men , and more murders . After this one , I will not go forward with this series .
 Motor Mouth is fun in a way because it 's different subject matter for Janet Evanovich involving race car drivers . However , the book suffers from endless , mind numbing detail that bogs down the narration and gives the reader the feeling they 're not making much progress . There are the usual long drawn-out descriptions of food -LRB- which one can expect from the author -RRB- . Then there are more abundant detailed descriptions of the various characters activites from stealing the race car hauler to chopping up the race cars which takes up a good quarter of the book . And all that information is just not interesting . It weighs down the narration and much of the narration is pointless . I just wanted the book to get on with it . I wanted to see more plot developments -- more twists and turns and more action . Unfortunately , the `` action '' in Motor Mouth -LRB- as with most novels by Janet Evanovich -RRB- consists of the main characters driving around in a car , conducting surveillance from a car , and tailing other cars . It 's a scenario the author has exhausted yet consistently employs and , frankly , it makes for tedious reading . Even the witty banter between Hooker and Barney is n't titillating . As with all Janet Evanovich novels there is no character development . Her books are all variations of the same theme with her female protagonists being slightly varied versions of her Stephanie Plum character . The author has settled into a style of writing that some people appreciate and others not so much . She has been brilliant at times -LRB- `` One for The Money '' -RRB- but her creativity seems to have retired . Motor Mouth is `` okay . '' But it 's not good .
 I guess I like Evanovich 's stories , I have all seventeen Plum series and three out of four between-the-numbers Plum with Diesel and one out of two Barnaby stories . But `` Motor Mouth '' stinks . It is not even thinly disguised Plum , it is a copy with the heroine reversed in job and attitude . Plum is dumb , lucky , poverty-stricken , and torn between three men with little chance of marrying any of them . Barnaby is smart , capable , monogamous and financially sound . Both are pretty and sluttish . I have the sequel , not the first in the series , if one does develop . Hence I am not privy to all that went on between Barney and Hooker but Evanovich has her attracted to him and makes him out to be an undesirable , totally unlike any of Plum 's lovers , all desirable . Hooker is stupid and Evanovich gives no description of race car driving , showing how and why Hooker is a champion driver , he has trouble driving anything but a race car.In `` Motor mouth '' Hooker has only one desire , to get Barney into bed with him . When they run into trouble he fails to see the possibilities , he stumbles over himself in his hurry to make some stupid mistake that will immobilize him and he never learns from it . The other characters are chosen to take the place of Lula , Connie , Vinnie , and others in the Plum series . I have trouble understanding the necessity for a new seies so closely following the one already developed and so successful . A new series should be different , not a near carbon copy . The only reason I can think of for Barney is that Evanovich wanted a different background , bounty hunting was holding her in and she wanted to explore the NASCAR world .
 I do n't usually write a review on a book I did n't finish but something was missing in Janet 's latest book . It went back to the Library today - thank goodness I did n't spend money on it ...
 I was so excited to get this book . Now let 's face it these books arent The Kite Runner , but they are a fun fare for a plane or a beach -- perfect for my recent trip to Hawaii . Halfway through the book I decided the easy Sudoku 's were much more fun and amusing than this cast of characters . I rarely do not finish a book , especially an Evanovich -- but when you could care less about the heroine , hero , dog , plot , story -- well , time to motor into the sunset .
 I really wish I had read the book flap before buying this book . Had I read that it had anything to do with NASCAR , I would have put it down and spent my $ 25 + on another book ... my mistake . The ONLY reason I actually read the whole book is because I did pay $ 25 + for it and just felt like I should . It was not entertaining and just dragged on and on . So , not only was it dull and slow , it was about NASCAR ... a sport and subject that is just not my cup of tea . I love the Stephanie Plum series and will continue to purchase Evanovich books in that series , but will not buy anything else .
 This is sad for me because I love her other work . And even though that last couple of books are n't as funny as they were in the beginning , they still have a plot and they make sense . I feel cheated by this series and wo n't be reading anymore of it.I called my friends and told them not to read this . The plot is just too stupid , who is going to cut up a couple of NASCAR 's and steal a hauler and seriously what guy does n't have tools in the trunk of his car , even if they are just for show ? Then you have a dead guy in plastic wrap and you argue about what god would want you to do with him ? The Cigar/Fruit stand ladies , are not only annoying , all the `` secret '' staying over is just ridiculous . The autographing was kind of funny in the 1st book but in this one it was over used and stupid . If you 're hiding , you hide . In the opening of the book Barney said no body cheats her , and in the end she 's sleeping with Sam who did exactly that.I am tired of media that has women taking back cheaters or worse yet begging for a second chance . Stupid funny is n't for me and a bag of dog poop ? Not funny . This book treats us like we are too stupid to care there is nothing but a bunch of slapstick going on , I might as well have watched a 3 stooges episode it would have been more fun.There were a few times I laughed , the NASCAR stuff was interesting but the rest of it had me calling my mom mid book and asking her to shoot me .
 If you 're like me and are completely repelled by men who cheat - pass this one by . In this book JE committed the ultimate taboo -LRB- in my romance reading opinion -RRB- and had Hooker cheat on Barney with another woman . Once I came to the first reference to his affair with someone else -LRB- in the first chapter -RRB- I could barely stand to finish the book -LRB- I skimmed -RRB- . I liked Barney in the first book and tolerated Hooker but in this second book of the new series I could n't get into it at all because I could n't connect with Hooker 's character at all . Buyer beware on this one - Evanovich missed the mark .
 I have never read this author before , and I do n't think that I will read another , the story dragged , the characters are not smart , not at one time did I find it funny -LRB- although I had no idea what to expect -RRB- . Someone lent me the book , and I read it and it kept me interested ... sorta , but I would n't recommend this book to anyone , go with Jayne Krentz or Nora Roberts , or even JR Ward ... guess I do n't like this genre ?
 I normally love all of Janet Evanovich 's books , but this book puts me to sleep , half a page and I am out like a light !
 What 's a man to do when he is hounded by his family to marry ? Well , he could invent a wife and that is exactly what Alexander Denford does . He creates Emmaline to keep his family at bay . Imagine his surprise when said wife materializes in London . She is ensconced in his home tallying up bills and even corresponding with his family . Alex is perplexed on so many levels . Who is this woman ? How does she know about his imaginary wife ? Most importantly , how is he going to get her out of London without revealing that he has never had a wife?Even though these questions should make a completely engrossing romance novel , I never really embraced these characters . Emmaline was your typical , `` I am not a stuffy simpering aristocrat . '' I had a hard time warming up to her . Was she a grifter , a prostitute , a milk maid ? What drove her to impersonate a nobleman 's wife ? Alexander was your typical overly stuffy , stiff upper lip nobleman . He was at loose ends and was no match for the heroine , she deserved someone stronger . The mystery of Emmaline was what drove this story much more than the romance . I sped through the book trying to discover the heroine 's identity and just how she knew about fictitious Emmaline . Her relationship with the hero was on the backburner . In fact , this makes a better mystery than romance . I give it 2 stars .
 When I read the description of this story , I was so anticipating reading it because it sounded like a really cute , funny romance . But something just did n't work . I 've never not finished a book before , and I tried not to with this one by skimming ahead , but eventually , I gave up . The romance just had no chemistry , and I 'm not sure how it missed , but it did . It was kind of corny , bland and cliche . I have never read this author before , but I was disappointed because the story line was cute . I was reminded of an old movie `` Housesitter '' with Goldie Hawn . I would n't recommend this book . Maybe it 's meant for a younger reader .
 It 's hard to figure where to begin . The premise sounds like great fun -- and it might have been except for the unfortunate casting.Our hero starts out as a regular person of ordinary intelligence , personality , and common sense . He is not one of those heroes of great depth and hidden sterling qualities , but he seems normal enough . He does n't have much sense in choosing friends and was n't particularly gifted in some of his relatives but , up to the time the story starts , he manages.Emmaline is drop-dead gorgeous . She is also a liar , a cheat , a crook , a blackmailer -- absolutely charming . The hero uses up the apparently limited supply of common sense he 'd been allotted by being indignant at the position she has put him in . It 's hard to feel sorry for him . People who look for trouble and find it , are not victims but we have to make certain allowances for plot vehicles in romantic fiction.He then proceeds to fall madly in love with her and the reader is supposed to think that this is rational or believable ? Emmaline is the one with a mentally-ill mother -LRB- so if you 're prone to think that a difficult life excuses any behavior or that she is genetically challenged she 's , more or less , covered -RRB- but he 's supposed to reasonably sane . What is his excuse?By the end of the book -LRB- if you make it that far -RRB- there are `` unexpected '' -LRB- and equally ridiculous -RRB- resolutions to everyone 's problems . Except Alex , of course , who is in for a lifetime of grief -LRB- and will be poor before long -RRB- and does n't seem to realize it .
 I enjoyed reading `` This Rake of Mine '' . But this story , well , was unreadable . It is the idea behind the story that frankly makes it too stupid for , in my opinion , anyone to even find remotely enjoyable . Why in the world would Alex , Baron Sedgwick , allow an unknown female to stay in his home ? People - he had absolutely NO IDEA WHO SHE WAS !! And he lets her stay ? This is , plain and simple , too stupid and unrealistic to be believed . The assumption that he was so overcome by lust or something like it is degrading to him and to the readers . I like my hero 's smart , not idiots . Emmaline 's deception is silly . Okay - I can stretch it that she might be able to pose as his `` wife '' while Alex is not there to house herself while she figured out her next move or better yet , pretend she is a distant relative of `` Emmaline the wife but would realistically do so quietly ... not rack up bills and redecorate his home . I mean , what sort of person goes into strangers home and decorates it with out his or her leave ? That person is not someone I am interested in at all . They are succinctly put , not nice .
 I missed the other books the other review refers to . No wonder I was confused and really not interested in this book.To me it just did not have the sizzle . I honestly did not get the feeling there were sparks for love between the main characters .
 There are plenty of people who like to be mavericks , do their own thing , and go against the flow . In other words , they like to be weird and do very unusual things . I have found in my own field that approach usually fails badly . Being in the mainstream and being conventional are what work best most of the time . I disagree with their claim that Google is run by mavericks !!! Google is a very conventional and mainstream business ! All they did was create a search engine that simply works better than all the others ! What is so unconventional about that ? Nothing ! When google first was created , there were already many other search engines . Google did not create any new idea there . They simply made a better version of something that already existed . And there is nothing maverick about that ! By the way , making better versions of things that already exist is a good way to make money . It really works . What kind of movies make the most money by far ? It 's the mainstream summer blockbuster movies that make the most money , not the `` maverick '' art house films . Most things that succeed are conventional , high quality , and give the mainstream what it wants . Things that succeed generally are not unusual , bizarre , weird , or unconventional . Most good ideas have already been thought of . We live in a world of over 6 billion people . So you rarely find a unique new idea that is actually a good idea . Usually , if something is original , it 's bizarre and undesirable too , because virtually all the * good * ideas have already been thought of and done .
 This is not a bad book . Its an easy read . The language is clear and the concepts that are being explained are done so in a manner that will appeal to all . However , lately I have been noticing that business books , such as this one , need to do what they ask us readers to do - namely they should innovate the subject matter they are talking about.This book does not contain any new information that has already not been expressed in other books such as ` good to great ' or ` built to last ' or ` the future of management ' . All this talk about being a dare devil and thinking outside the box has been done to death . The open source chapters in this book are talking to the same concepts that have been touched upon in the past in books such as ` Number crunchers ' and ` Competing on Analytics ' . The only good thing in this book were some new examples of companies which have in the past gone against the grain of standard thought in an industry and have made it to the other end with aplomb and fanfare.I think I am going to stop paying my hard earned dollars on business books as vague as this.For people who seriously want to consider looking into the new research that talks about strategy , marketing etc should look at research papers in the local library or online . I am a firm believer that is where people can get some real cutting edge information ... theorie which will not be coming to the world of business for a while yet !
 This is the worst book I have ever read and I read 5 a week . Definately do not waste your time or money . It is actually so bad , I refuse to look at any other books written by these authors , or Avon Red Publishing .
 This first literary endeavor by the actor , comedian , and self described `` sexual pioneer '' -LRB- ?!! -RRB- is a disappointing effort . Although I really enjoy his work as an actor , this book is amazingly lacking in humor and laced with self-indulgence and condensation . -LRB- Yes Larry , we know why native Americans are called Indians . -RRB- The only bright spot for me was a poignant story about racial prejudice toward the end of the book . If you are looking for laughs , keep looking.One can only hope there will never be a `` Spoiled Rotten
 Although this book is only 466 pages it seems interminable . Reese 's endless historial digressions really detract and frequently have nothing to do with the plot of the book . I 'm all for setting and atmoshere but this book includes a lot of unnecessary minutiae . By the time I reached page 300 , I was so sick of his ramblings I did n't even care what happened to the characters . I did read the previous two books which preceded this one and I recall a certain amount of digression , however not to this degree . I 'm shocked that this manuscript got by the editors at William Morrow .
 The premise of this book was very interesting
 I bought this as it 's a sequal to the first book , the Smoke Theif , which I really enjoyed . I was hesitant to read the Smoke theif , as I had attempted to read her Mermaid book and put it down after about 50 pages , but the premise was new and intriguing so I gave it a chance . Having liked the first book , I was really excited to see how she developed this new idea in the sequal . Suffice it to say , I was really , really disappointed . What made me put down The Last Mermaid was the complete lack of a connection with the characters . They were so lacking in emotion as to be almost imhuman and I could n't find anything to like about them , let alone keep me reading . This book had the same problem . The author has a habit of writing in a vague , disconnected style that makes it hard to connect to the story and the characters . This book felt really heavy in style compared with the first one and it just seemed like it was one unhappy circumstance after the next . The two main characters do n't seem to trust or even really like one another much , the love scenes were a bit too rough and anger filled for my taste and there really was n't much of a romance between them . As for the Drakon , I was hoping the two groups would be reunited and we 'd get a bigger glimpse into their world . Instead , we find the last remaining survivor is completely evil . Plus , it just seemed strange to me that the drakon would keep around these stones that literally turns them into mindless zombies . I kept waiting for something heroic for the hero to do or something great from the heroine , but I was disapointed on all accounts . I was also hoping for some interaction with characters from the previous book , but there was n't any . In fact , there 's a part where you think the main characters are going to be aided by her drakon family , but nothing happens . It was very strange and left you hanging . All in all , this one was a disappointment and I 'm not holding out much hope for the 3rd one . I would read the Smoke Theif though , as that one was worth the read .
 I was really looking forward to reading this book . I read the Smoke Thief and loved it . Unfortunately , other than the last quarter of the book , this was just boring . The only redeeming feature was a new and interesting character who was intoduced in the final quarter of the book . If you want to read it , I 'd suggest you borrow it from the library . It is not worth the money .
 If you want an accurate picture of how decisions are made in Iraq and how the country was administered prior to the 2005 elections , this is not the book for you . I have no doubt that the writer saw some interesting things first-hand ... I saw quite a few interesting things myself . However , since I have no interest in writing and anti-American , Bush-bashing book there 's not much point in me trying to get a collection of those observations printed.There are many defects in this book . For instance , the author talks about the so-called Blue-Dome Palace and how it was built by Saddam to be a show piece . Actually , had he done some research he would have known that this used to be the Royal Palace and preceded the Ba'ath Regime by quite a bit . Other parts do not ring true either.Also , the idea that the civilians and military who went to Iraq were all members of the Republican Party -LRB- or underground Democrats -RRB- is absurd . The U.S. military is made up of professionals . It does what is asked of it . To label them in this way is to do them a great disservice.There are some gritty bits which probably reflect typical experiences in Baghdad , but do n't take this seriously as a history of the conflict . Unless you need something to weigh down papers or do n't have any Reader 's Digest condensed books to use as props in your bookcase , do n't waste your time . However , I can strongly recommend it if you are one of the deluded people who have never been to Iraq but feel compelled to condemn this review . You should be punished by being made to read this fantasy -LRB- THAT should get me ten more negatives ! -RRB- .
 I bought this book from Amazon a few weeks ago . After a few pages , it found its perfect home
 This book is not a very good story , but is a good advertisement to Turkey .
 I was given this book as a gift and even after reading these reviews I gave it a shot since I like the premise . I tried to get into it but I just couldnt . The reviewers are right . There is just too much unnecessary round table discussions about useless stuff and it really gets old . Please pass .
 I bought this book because I was getting on a plane in Italy to fly for about 9-10 hours to the states & I had only 20 pages left of my other - good - -LRB- Salvatore 's - Exile -RRB- book . Well , let me tell you ... It was a mistake . This was the only English language book at that airport that resembled anything remotely decent . Except the Da Vinci Code . And I did n't really wan na read that . I wish I had now . Anyways onto the book review.What ticks me off about this book is that it is written more like a documentary . I mean why throw all that useless information at us when it 's not needed . It is as if the author wants all the readers to know just how smart he is so he puts in every fact he can think of on every subject . `` Oh , '' the author says . `` We are talking about Native Americans now ? Well , did you know that they did this ? And this ? And that ? Oh , and what about that ? `` LEAVE THAT STUFF OUT !!! Geez . At one point the main characters were swimming through the underground cavern and
 Mathematicians hated Dan Brown 's novel `` Digital Fortress , '' claiming it was n't realistic enough to be believable . On that basis , archeologists should love David Gibbins ' `` Atlantis , '' touted as an underwater `` Da Vinci Code . `` The cover art , subject matter , and author 's background offer great potential for historical suspense , and clearly Gibbins has the ability to deliver such a story.Like `` Da Vinci , '' an ancient puzzle holds clues that point to a civilization considered only mythical , until archaeologist Jack Howard and his team break the code and discover enough facts to lead them on an expedition to find the lost city of Atlantis.Quicker than you can say `` Clive Cussler , '' Jack and his team locate the exact locate of the sunken civilization , and fortunately , he and his team are experts in underwater archeology . They have all the latest equipment , miniature subs , robotic cameras , laser-driven cutting torches , sophisticated airlocks , and knowledge of all the current land , sea , and air-based weaponry.That last bit comes in handy , since all sorts of weapon-toting adversaries are willing to do anything to steal away the find of the century.If the story sounds a lot like Clive Cussler 's `` Atlantis Found , '' it may be because it is - the difference being Cussler 's typical over-the-top dialogue , and Gibbins ' writing that reads more like a tech-manual . Every character is an expert who explains everything in detail - Russian submarines , Greek hieroglyphics , Mediterranean hydrology - it does n't matter . Everyone gets a chance to stand on a soapbox to spell out what the obscure facts mean to the Atlantis search.Unfortunately , too much of a good thing tends to work against the result , and while Gibbins writes with the authority of the Cambridge PhD that he is , too much of the novel reads like a professor 's lecture . `` Atlantis '' might be the perfect text for Marine Archeology 101 .
 WARNing DO NOT waste your money on this book !!!!! I was given this book at the Atlana airport . I was in the airport bookstore and almost bought the book Crusader Gold by the same author . When another customer in the book store advised me against it . He then gave me his copy of Atlantis and said that I should throw it into a `` rubbish bin '' -LRB- trash can for us americans -RRB- when I got tired of trying to read it . Well , nine hours later , I was in London looking for the nearest rubbish bin to dump this dreck in.BasicallyThe plotline started out pretty good , then turned stupid.VeRRRRRY long winded dialog about places and science that nobody is interested in unless you are an archeological grad student.The lead charactors are the three smartest bravest , toughest prettiest people alive . Not to mention incredibly rich . -LRB- even the female character was tougher than the terminator -RRB- . when ever somebody needed to know something . the Girl genius was there with a 10 page explanation of how everything worked , why it worked and what it meant.I had to force myself to continue reading it but after I finished the book , I kept asking my self why I bothered.The book really was that bad .
 The blurb says it is an unputdownable read . The only way this is true is if it was glued to your hands . Even then I would be tempted to get out a saw . Chapter 6 ends on a boat . Chapter 7 acts like it is in continuity but they are all of a sudden in a helicopter ?????? Gave up after chapter 8 . By and large one of my worst purchases ever .
 I really loved the premise of this book . The main character is a marine archeologist and gathers a team of experts in response to a find that seems to lead toward the discovery of the lost Atlantis . And I knew if I liked the book there were at least three more by the same author and with the same protagonist . The author himself is a professor of archeology at Cambridge for crying out loud and has led numerous underwater excavations and written extensively on the topic . What could go wrong?Well , this is the hazard of buying a book by its cover . If I had looked at the Amazon ratings for all four books by David Gibbons I would certainly have looked elsewhere as I have rarely seen so many negative reviews for one author . It 's easy to see why . The book had such promise and fell soooo short . To begin with , Mr Gibbons may be a great professor but he has n't a clue about what makes a quality novel . My most important criteria for a good read is characterization . Characters have to be multi-dimensional and go through changes -LRB- either positively or negatively -RRB- somehow within the course of the novel . The main three characters in this book started out perfect and ended up perfect . The first half of the book was devoted to the three of them showing off their knowledge to each other , sounding like professors in a classroom . I realize that there is a lot of information that the reader will have to know in order to make any sense of the events that come later , but Mr Gibbons goes way overboard here . Way to many facts that , while interesting on their own , were just not necessary for good story telling.And the plot was simply not believable . In the space of about two days , the characters solved numerous archeological puzzles that have been around for eons , one dicovery leading to another and among the three of them they always managed to have the expertise required to answer the puzzle before them . And then half way through the book we get the thriller part thrust upon us in the form of a sunken Russian nuclear submarine and assorted bad guys to interfere with the archeological parts of the novel.Preposterous plotting abounds . The main character gets shot and is in dire peril of losing his life but three pages later it 's as if that never happened . We get to see him shooting down a helicopter with a gun -LRB- of course he happens to know the weak spots of that particular helicopter and can adjust to the 200 mile per hour winds so he knows just where to aim -RRB- . Truly Mr Gibbons seems less comfortable with the action parts of the plot and it shows in it 's choppy presentation . The `` edge of your seat '' thriller aspect of this novel was more like `` why do I care what happens to these people ? '' As soon as he can he wraps up that portion of the novel and the characters go back to their professorial discussions and one-upsmanship . It 's too bad . I think Mr Gibbons has potential as a writer but this one seems like yet another attempt to capitalize on the success of `` The DaVinci Code '' style of novel . Hopefully he can learn how to build suspense , hold his audience , and most importantly , create characters to which the reader can relate and come to care about . Unfortunately , given the ratings he has received on his other books , it seems he has not learned these lessons and thus will be limited to impulse buyers who are attracted to the cool covers of his novels .
 This book is completely ridiculous . I really like the ideas of what happened to Atlantis , but beyond that , the book had its head in the clouds . The author spent pages and pages of each chapter describing technical mumbo-jumbo that was impossible to understand and did n't contribute to the novel . But probably my biggest problem was that the main characters lived to the end ! They should have been dead half-way through the book , but apparently disarming a warhead , sinking to the bottom of the ocean , being shot , running out of oxygen , being fired at with missiles , jumping out of flaming helicopters , being attacked by a tiny submarine , and escaping a terrorist prison are all just in a day 's work for these people .
 I had read some of the negative reviews about this book , but it sounded interesting , so I decided to give it a chance anyway . I made it about halfway through before I gave up , angry for having wasted time and money on it . And I almost never give up on novels.The premise is interesting , but instead of telling the story , Gibbins wastes too much time on irrelevant technical details . Gibbins clearly knows what he 's writing about and has some good ideas , but he does n't know how to tell a story . This is the most boring novel I can remember . It kept my interest for about 100 pages . After another 80 pages or so I was hoping the pace would pick up and halfway through I gave up . In fact , because I sometimes suffer from insomnia , I tried to use it instead of sleeping pills , but it only made me angry by how boring it was.My recommendation is
 This book was a dissapointment to me . While it is full of some unusual theories on a possible Atlantis - and the author certinaly knows his history and archaelogy in depth - I felt like I was being bashed over the head with this information while reading this book . At every junction our good guys stop to have a conversation - in depth - on the possibly history of everything - and they are almost always right.Despite the authors knowledge of the topic he is writing on his characters come across as lacking in depth , and full of cliches to some extent . I found myself hard pushed to finish this novel , and it was somewhat depressing to read the usual formula of a great find in history only see it destroyed .
 After reading the review of A. Scott from London , I felt that I just had to throw in my 2 cents worth . I absolutely agree with Mr Scott . More irritating for me than a history lesson being recited , was the one dimensional charaters . I just did n't find any character believable , and really could n't give a crap whether they lived or died . I knew very little of Atlantis before reading this , but apart from the one or two facts I learned , I have to say , I have wasted a week 's reading time .
 ... But unfortunately was very disappointed . Supposed to be full of new theories in an exciting story , but reads like Clive Cussler trying to write a history of scuba diving .
 Good concept and great potential for an adventure story but the author just does n't manage to pull it off . Instead , Atlantis is a dull and laborious read . I found it quite a chore to get though and almost gave up several times . But , I persevered only to find out I really should n't have bothered afterall.David Gibbins has worked in underwater archaeology all his professional life and is a world authority on sunken wrecks and cities . Well there 's the problem
 It started out really cool . I thought this was going to be a really good book . I had just finished a Matthew Rielly book and thought it was pretty good but it had a few dull bumps in its road . But overall , I enjoyed . So when I saw Atlantis by Gibbons , I thought Cool . This should be awesome . I purposely did n't read any reviews because I did n't want to be influenced by someone else 's bad experience . On this one I should have . I read books like most people eat chocolate ... I ca n't get enough of them . And I really enjoy these Indiana Jones style adventure stories . But this one was terrible with bad writing and a boring writing style . Because I beleive that this is a good story if I could stick with it . But I ca n't . I have had enough . I 'm on page 232 and nothing really great has happened yet . Other reviewers compare it to a college lecture in an archaelogy class or a physical science class and I have to agree . As another reviewer has stated , this author wants you to know how smart he is . He wants you to know that he has a Masters degree in ... something , I do n't know what and I do n't care . But it 's obvious that he does . And it might be in archaeology . If so , Mr. Gibbons needs to get his teaching certificate , stop writing these dull novels and go teach . I bet he could be an awesome teacher . I would probably take his class because I would learn something and I would enjoy being in his class . But I did n't pick this novel up to taught a lesson . I wanted a good , exciting story that from the synopsis of the book , it sounded like it would have made a good movie . But after trying to read the book , I would boycott the idea of making a movie out of this . I hope no one does it because they will lose money on this . Indiana Jones this ai n't . Avoid this book at all costs .
 The word `` Atlantis '' always implies mistery , legends , forgotten treasures ... that 's what the author tried to imply when putting this title to the book . Unfortunately , it fails to deliver completely . Just one word
 Being a science major , I appreciated the physical , chemical , and biological refernces riddled all throughout the book ; however , I bought a book anticipating ADVENTURE , not simply science . Entire pages and sections of dialoge are devoted to scientific and historical rabble , and adeventure , when it does show up , is sporatic and over very quickly before -LRB- wait for it -RRB- another lecture on the black sea salinity crisis begins . The characters are also shallow , lacking depth with only their academic expertise giving them any form of identity -LRB- actually , the only person who seems to have any substantial form of human emotion is Aslan , the main villian -RRB- . To give this book a break , when it DID focus on Atlantis and the cool theories that came afterwards , I was hooked . With this in mind , are you willing to read over three-hundred and fifty pages in order to get to worthwhile substance ? If you have a combined PhD in History and Physical Science you will love this book , but even then , you might catch yourself yawning .
 It 's a great book if you are looking for theories on Atlantis but it 's a pain in the neck if you are an ordinary reader thinking you are reading a great adventure book.It 's full of facts , fiction or real and it 's chock full of info . Info I was n't looking for . Therefor is was a drag ploughing through this book only to have the story fold on me as a
 After an hour 's browsing , I purchased this book before a 14 hour flight . I would probably done better to blindfold myself and pick at random . The author 's vast knowledge and experience of underwater exploration shines through - far too much for a novel . The premise of the story is good , but the villains are stereotyped , as are the all too squeaky-clean heroes . In fact , these characters could well be from a Batman movie rather than a mainstream novel . There is something very dated about the author 's approach to story-telling , something reminiscent of an old Dennis Wheatley book from so many decades ago.The pace does accellerate as the book goes on , but the whole thing becomes all too predictable . I never got to the end.I know the author 's problem well - he is passionate about his subject and forgets he is writing a novel , not a text book , from time to time.However , his writing style shows considerable promise , so do n't give up on him - I 'm sure he has the talent to turn out a worthy second attempt .
 The first chapters are very interesting and educational ; the author creates a plausible theory for the existence of Atlantis . However , in later chapters , when the bad guys show up , the story degenerates into a James Bond like script losing the scientific edge that makes the book interesting . The hero performs unrealistic and improbable acts of valor , there is a megalomaniac millionaire , the hero suddenly is an expert helicopter pilot , etc , the only missing element is a hairless cat ! For a first book the author shows some promise , but he should work on his plots .
 As a previous reviewer has mentioned , the back cover made this sound like a really great novel , similar to the DaVinci Code . The blurb could n't have been more wrong ! The basic premise of the novel , the mystery of Atlantis , was facinating , but the writing itself was just one page after the other of detailed technical mumbo jumbo . Instead of simply mentioning that a bomb was particularly volatile and had caused an explosion and such and such a submarine , the writer went into detailed description of what the bomb was made of , it 's designation , how it created the explosion on the submarine , etc. . And page after page was exactly like that . YAWN ! The characters were boring , the action a bit contrived.I just kept reading it to find out the total story behind Atlantis .
 I very rarely will not finish a book , but this book just is boring . I love history , culture , archaeology , etc. . I expected that I would enjoy this book . The book is just filled with facts that really do n't seem important . It it taking forever to get through the book . Maybe the plot is good , but it is so full of other information that most times I forget what the plot is . I have tried on 2 different occassions to finish this book , but I am giving up .
 I am well informed about the history of civilization , the subject of Atlantis , and the history of art . Therefore this book should be quite interesting to me , but I am really having trouble sustaining any interest at the half-way point . The author uses the plot and characters for non-literary purposes of instruction in various matters , especially details of technology . His purpose in writing seems to be to impress us with his encyclopedic knowledge of stuff . He could learn a thing or two from Michael Crichton about story-telling . The narrative is dry , and the characters are not well-focused , but seem to be little more than mouthpieces for discussions of the intricate details of this or that piece of equipment , archaeological theory , etc. . The book has a very didactic quality to it . In many ways it reminds me of the awful New Age novel `` The Celestine Prophecy '' or many bad works of Christian fiction , where the plot exists only as a foil to instruct the reader . In the latter cases , it 's spiritual doctrines ; here it is archaeological processes , techniques , and hardware with a bit of danger thrown in . The attempts at romance in this book are embarrassingly lame and unconvincing.This is one of the worst novels I 've read in many years . I have n't finished it yet , but based on some of the other reviews here , it does n't seem that it gets any better .
 I really wanted to like this but it was just not very interesting . Other reviewers have said it better than I could but the long and short of it is this book is boring.The thing that really sealed it for me was the phrase `` There was a collective gasp of astonishment . '' I hate this phrase , and the auther used it several times thoughout the book , once just a couple of pages apart . When he used this phrase it was n't even for anything that special even . Very lame usage indeed . Please do n't buy this book spend your hard earned cash on something better . Get a Jack duBrul book , or a lee Child , or Douglas Preston / Lincoln Child , anything but this . You will waste your time and money , and that sucks . I keep hoping that this author will improve but after reading all the reviews for his other books I doubt it .
 I read about 20-25 books a year . My favotite authors are Preston & Child , John Grisham and Dan Brown . I enjoy both history and adventure novels so I thought `` Atlantis '' by David Gibbins had potential ... WRONG!I can not even decide what about this book I disliked more . The characters are unappealing and unrealistic . I found myself rooting for the bad guys after a while . The `` filler '' in the book was a bunch of deep sea language that only a college professor could understand . The plot was absolutely boring and predictable . The only reason I did not stop was because I paid $ 6.99 for it.I realize that book burning is terrible but in this book 's case I would be more that happy to throw my copy on the pile .
 Bad character 's development . Too many technological devices descriptions . Poor dialogues with comic dramatic situations.Don ' t go for it , you 'll be bored to the bone.The location and how the characters got to it is ridiculous , everyone knows everything , you could discover atlantis while driving your car.Reject it , go for When the Sky Fell , In the Search of Atlantis , Flem-Ath book .
 I am unable to make it to the half way point . I 've continued reading this far because the author 's knowledge of history , archaeology , and underwater exploration seem very strong -LRB- to me , who knows little about any of them -RRB- . But the plotline is so contrived , and the conveniences are so numerous they 've become an impossible to ignore irritant , that I am not able to read another page . Maybe my hopes were too high , but the general idea of the book is fascinating to me and I really wanted it to be better .
 Too much historic fiction ; very little story , it was written as if it were a movie , with too much , too fast , with little to give it substance to the reader . I kept waiting for the hook . Jack will never be Dirk .
 The book Atlantis promises a story of great wealth and depth with a lot of adventure . Instead of discovering Atlantis , we instead get involved in a pseudo military combat with characters we could care less about due to a poor character development on the part of the author . We find out little but tantalizing glimpses of Atlantis and instead focus more on fire power and fake technology.First book in my entire life that I have literally not been able to finish for sheer boredom and lack of interest .
 Reading the book description on the back cover made this sound like a good adventure story , the type of fiction I like to read . However , the 1st half of the book was pretty boring . Way too much talking between the characters , way too much historical and scientific detail that at times made it difficult to read . Characters were one-dimensional . Book was a poor imitation of a Clive Cussler novel . I forced myself to read the book because I paid for it . The 2nd half was a little better , but nothing great .
 A series of incredulous events leads to the discovery of a lost city in David Gibbins 's novel Atlantis . A Minoan shipwreck that contains an ancient metallic disc is found in the Aegean Sea by archeologist Jack Howard . At the same time in Egypt , a mummy wrapped in fragments of an ancient scroll are found by a colleague of Howard . When the two items are brought together , it is discovered that they share a common symbol . A series of inferences leads Howard and his colleagues to reach a conclusion that the disc is an ancient Rosetta Stone and that the symbol on the disc and fragment represents Atlantis . With the fragment and disc serving as a treasure map , Dr. Howard and his colleagues set off to find the lost city of Atlantis . While looking for the city , they fight an international terrorist and discover a lost Soviet submarine.While the novel is an entertaining , quick read , it does have some problems . First , there are long stretches where neither a character nor the plot is being developed . In these stretches , Gibbins goes into great detail explaining the technology of Howard 's ship . If you are not into technology , you will probably want to skip these sections . Second , Gibbins appears to be Christophobic . In Atlantis , as in some of his other works , Gibbins uses his story to present the miracles of Christianity and Judaism as mere legends . Third , American readers will need to be prepared for British spellings of some words .
 I bought this book because I am planning a trip to China and like to read anything I can get my hands on about the country I 'm planning to visit . I was so excited to find a travel account by a woman traveling alone in China . I looked forward to funny anecdotes , ideas about what to see and a general sense of life in China.Instead I found a 300 page rant about anything and everything Chinese . Frankly I 'm confused as to why the author went to China in the first place and even more confused as to how she managed to get the book published . She complained about everything . She did n't like the food -LRB- unless it was McDonalds -RRB- , the people , the transportation , the accomodations -LRB- unless it was the Grand Hyatt -RRB- , or the sites/entertainment -LRB- unless it was the HBO in her room at the Grand Hyatt -RRB- . She seemed not to understand that she was a guest in the places she visited or that the most valuable trait of a traveler is open-mindedness . She took almost every situation personally , as in when she described a bus journey to Kunming , `` The road surface was unspeakably bad ... we hurtled over holds and leapt from the crests of little jumps that seemed to have been laid out solely to test the resiliance of our bones . '' Page 237 . Moreover she was almost insulted that few people could speak English and , ever unprepared , seemed to expect others to go out of their way to help her . At the same time , she complained each time anyone tried to speak with her . Evans would do better to stay put in her native England and spare the inhabitants of any other country from having to put up with her.This book is frustrating mainly because it has the potential to deter readers from a trip to China . I will be looking for a more open-minded and curious account of the country and it 's people .
 This is an odd travel book . At the bottom of it , the author does n't seem to like the Chinese very much . Page after page , she complains about the food , accommodations , the transportation , the people . She brings to mind the outdated attitudes of the colonial British , holding their noses as they looked down upon the natives , confident in their smug superiority . In addition , her sense of humor is rather tiresome , always at another 's expense , arch and acerbic . I would expect a bumpy trip if I did n't speak the language , and had done zero advance planning to a country as large and diverse as China . Seems like an opportunistic book , superficial , and wholly at the expense of the Chinese .
 I really liked `` It 's Not About the Tapas '' so when I saw this I was expecting something fresh and fun . Well , Evans actually planned her trip for Spain , -LRB- granted with a lot of wine -- but at least she had a map and Spanish dictionary ! -RRB- But for Fried Eggs , she seemed to think she could just plop herself in rural China and everyone would come running to meet her every need -- even if she could n't be bothered to learn the language or take along a pocket Mandarin Dictionary . She did n't even know the word for RICE !!! I needed a good long scrub after reading her incessant descriptions of spit , snot , phlem , vomit , nose picking and public bowel and bladder elimination sprinked in every chapter . I never needed to read a description of vomit as it 's spattered on a bus window , or know what someone 's butt looked like as they poo . Some things should be left to the imagination -LRB- or not ! -RRB- If you think I 'm graphic , then this is n't the book for you , she goes into GREAT detail . Honestly , there was just lots of stuff I did n't need to know , but not nearly enough of what I wanted to find out.I felt she did some historical research -- as seen in her constant swings into random history lessons -- but she did n't plan for the realities of current life in China . I ca n't imagine going solo in rural China without even knowing the words for `` rice , noodles , vegetables , chicken , beef , and pork '' in Mandarin . I winced at her describing how she wandered about restaurants pointing at people 's dinners to let the waitress know what she wanted . How rude ! Granted I found the copiously flowing phlem to be disgusting , but her behavior was equally rude and ignorant . I felt she really enjoyed feeling superior to the rural Chinese and their way of life . She certainly did n't give me any reason to visit China based on her experiences . Truthfully , If I was stupid enough to travel to China as unprepared as she did , I would n't write a book celebrating my ignorance . I would have been embarassed.I had to force myself to finish as I lost interest -LRB- and my appetite -RRB- about half of the way through . I had considered traveling to China , but after reading this I was initially scared off -- but then I realized Polly Evans had not done her homework or prepared herself for the trip and I should n't let that keep me home . Perhaps it would have been better for everyone if she had hired a travel companion that spoke Mandarin , or at least hooked up with a tour company that could line up the ferries and other transportation for her . I also would have liked a chapter on what she might have done differently since she seemed to have such a miserable time .
 I wanted to like this book , but frankly it is such a superficial view that I ended up not liking the author very much , and sympathizing with those Chinese people who went out of their way to help her , since she was so obviously unprepared for even a ride to the outskirts of Beijing , let alone a tour of the country.She travels into some fairly remote areas , but then is bemused and at times aggravated that people find her presence so noteworthy . She frequently extrapolates Chinese conversations she did not -LRB- could not -RRB- understand as `` jabber jabber '' , and sometimes engages in absurd and improbable flights of fancy about what the people were saying . The rather few insights or unique experiences she has are overwhelmed by her continual observations about dirt , `` mei you '' , smoking , nasty toilets , and spitting.This is hardly a `` hilarious adventure '' , rather it is tedious and fairly patronizing to the Chinese.For instance , she observes of some miners and their families boarding a bus
 Like another poster , I really wanted to enjoy this book . It was n't even remotely funny . I found the author to be sarcastic , and very arrogant . She painted a very bad picture of China -LRB- its culture and its people -RRB- . The author is so narrow minded , that I 'm afraid to read any more of her work . For someone who is supposed to be funny ... I found the book to be offensive.If I could give this book ZERO stars , I would . Do n't waste your time reading this piece of trash .
 I am planning on traveling to China next year and trying to get different people 's perspectives on being a tourist there . This book was good in the sense that she did not stick to regular tourist spots - she went to more remote areas . Of course , this comes with more of a cultural shock . Conditions there can be very demanding for the Western tourist who is not used to backpacking conditions in a 3rd-World . There were times in the book that I really felt for her . Yes , it sounds like she was whining at times , but being in subpar conditions on many travels myself , I understood how she felt . As an American , I am very used to a standard of cleanliness , and although I do not expect other countries to adhere to our standards , I can understand the author 's frustration at people 's snot blowing in their own food and Chinese bathrooms . And in other parts of the book , the author 's humorous writing made me smile . I also like the history she included of each place she visited.One reason for 2.5 stars was her seemingly lack of knowledge of Chinese culture . Mandarin is no doubt a very difficult for Americans to learn , but she should have at least known the word for `` rice . '' It is after all the staple of all foods there . Also , she observed that in one of the buses , the bunk bed `` was designed for stunted anorexics . '' Umm , she is in China , where people are usually much thinner and shorter than the average Westerner . It was phrases like this sprinkled sporadically throughout the book that irked me because it showed her ignorance of China and its true people and culture . Hong Kong , the place where she seemed to have based Chinese culture , really is not a great sample of China . As one reviewer pointed out , there are 1.3 billion people in China.Another negative for me is the author 's lack of adventure in food . One of my many reasons for traveling is to sample the local cuisine . Many times in her travels she had a chance to sample true Chinese cuisine , which may have tasted divine or tasted awful . But we will never know since any chance she could , she went to a McDonald 's . I went ahead and recommended this book to my husband with a lot of disclaimers . I still think for the type traveling we are planning in China , this book will help with expectations of what we will see and encounter . I just hope even in the remote areas they will be able to speak Mandarin !
 It started out so well . How interesting to learn about the history of something we take for granted . But then on page 131 it turned into a romance novel . Our heroine became a ninny and I speed read from there .
 I was expecting a historical novel about artist J.M.W. Turner . Then as I got into it , I thought there would be a book-within-a-book about Turner . But no . This is a novel about a contemporary journalist . Not so well done . The coup de grace for me was the paragraph where the author puts the Gaza strip at Israel 's north border instead of on the south .
 I tried to get through this , mistakenly thinking it was a historic novel centered around paper . To a degree it is centered around paper but also reads as a contemporary novel about a London-based woman . In a real sense , some of the writing is annoying -- layered on adjectives , descriptions of character 's outfits -LRB- mostly other women -RRB- -- but adjectives do not a novel make . She tries to build out the storyline with Turner 's paintings and war-torn Kosovo , but after getting through a third of it -LRB- with a great deal of labor and uninterest -RRB- I gave up , thinking , I 'd just as soon read a book about paper if I want to learn about it .
 The author asserts that EQ is the critical competency for success even in highly technical fields such as medicine and engineering . Yes individualism and ability are passe and what really matters is how well you can schmooze and get along with the team . How often have we seen this demonstrated as those with less ability are promoted through the ranks because they are excellent politicians . Well according to Goleman , those were the correct placement decisions .
 Like many reviewers before me , I bought this book thinking that it will suggest ways one can go about improving one 's emotional intelligence . However , what I ended up getting is endless anecdotes.Goleman spends the entire book , listing anecdotes after anecdotes , explaining `` why '' emotional intelligence is important , but not `` how '' to become more emotionally intelligent.I do not need to know `` why '' EI is important ; I bought the book , I know it is important .
 This book was extremely disappointing . I read Goleman 's original book on emotional intelligence and found it interesting . I purchased this book based on its title about working with emotional intelligence . I expected some guidance about how to work with people -LRB- employees -RRB- to improve aspects of their emotional intelligence . For example , how to help a person who is weak in self-confidence . This book , however , simply repeats the same thing over and over - company A instituted some training in emotional intelligence and it really helped them . Then , company B instituted some training ... Just like politics , helping people is ` local ' or person-to-person . It appears that Goleman 's answer to problems that people have is ` hire people who do n't have those problems . ' This book seems to be an attempt to profit from the success of his first book when he has nothing more to say .
 As someone who was hoping to understand how to become more `` emotionally intelligent '' I was extremely disappointed in this book . The purpose of the book seems to be 1 -RRB- to convince the reader of the importance of emotional intelligence -LRB- I was ready to accept this as a given and get on with it -RRB- and 2 -RRB- to outline at a very high level the components of emotional intelligence -LRB- a rather inuitively obvious list including self-confidence , self-awareness , etc -RRB- . The intended audience seems to toggle between the `` corporation , '' trainers within a corporation , and the corporate individual . As such , the author fails to adequately address any of the above . I found the book needlessly verbose on topics that were not central -LRB- such as the importance of emotional intelligence -RRB- . The author never got to the business of telling me how to gain this emotional intelligence . Instead he described in great detail items like how the brain works & the physiological effect of stress or panic . I was quite willing to take his word on the fact that there simply is a physiological effect of stress or panic -LRB- and take his word for other items like this -RRB- and wanted instead to get down to the most central & important topic which in this example was to learn how to avoid , minimize or manage stress or panic . This particular chapter ended and the author moved onto another topic without ever covering this most vital point . Likewise with other such topics and chapters . So , as an individual looking to take something useful away from this book , I think it missed the point .
 I began this book with great interest . With his excellent anecdotes , I quickly became fully convinced of the value of working with emotional intelligence . But instead of going on to make suggestions as to how a person could improve their own emotional inteligence , or how to help employees/managers in this area , he continued on and on with more anecdotes , clear until the end of the book . I did n't need any more convincing -- I was already convinced by the first third of his book -- I wanted him to give some advice about implementation , which he did n't give .
 Long live mindless , emotional , public and private bureaucracy !!! More biased , feel-good anti-individual propaganda . Exemplifying one of the many prevalent though intrinsically worthless concepts in the politically correct government mandated and controlled , redistributionist , collectivist workplace and economy of today . Remember `` quality circles ? ''
 In the first place I received an older version of this book . I waited so long for it that I decided to go ahead and keep it . I just hope that it is not much different then the version that I ordered as I have to write an essay on the book when I finish reading it . If it is then I will be very upset with the store that I bought it from . Plus , it took forever for them to ship the book in the first place .
 The title of this book is definately misleading , there is no practical advice on `` How '' to work with emotional intelligence besides endless anecdotes and examples.Even with this entire book of loosely collected anecdotes , the auther still failed to convince me that his conclusion is based on serious , scientic research with logical analysis.I think the auther is very biased on EQ vs IQ , the importance of EQ is overly stated . We all know IQ provides a basic framework/blueprint of a person , while EQ can really make a person excel compared with other people in similar IQ level . It should also put these two concepts in context , how important EQ/IQ in a person 's success is really a variable , depending on what field , what job and what role a person is playing . In high-tech field , for example , for a technical position , I would rather hire a person with extraordinary IQ with average EQ , cause I know s/he could possibly perform as efficient as a group of 5 to10 people with average IQ . But for a tech manager position , a person with high EQ , reasonable IQ and profound knowledge in respective field would be a good fit . The way the author presents EQ is very simplistic and misleading !
 Absolutely no information about how to improve your emotional intelligence . An endless dialogue promoting an emotional intelligence course and stating really obvious reasons why we need it , for exampl , e because of violent behaviour and conditions like eating disorders . A complete and utter waste of money and time . This depressing and boring diatribe may in fact lower your emotional intelligence , but will certainly line the pockets of Daniel Goleman . Do n't waste your money on this no-help-whatsover book .
 Much preferEmotional Intelligence 2.0 by Travis Bradberry . Very fast read with more useful information . Far more scientific .
 I agree with Daniel in most of what he said , however the title is a bit misleading . The word `` Working '' seems to be the operative , but I did n't see many examples of `` how '' to work , but `` why '' it is important to have emotional intelligence.If you are looking for answers on how to modify your behavior to enhance your relationships , or working better with people , then you might have to look elsewhere.In reading the book I felt like Mr. Goleman was trying to fill the pages rather than give concise content . This book would have been better at 1/4 the size .
 I was expecting I would get information on IMPROVING my EQ . However the book only tells how EQ is important in working place but never provide methods on HOW TO IMPROVE it . Truely , the examples or stories of the importance of EQ are great , but I did n't benefit from anything . . as I ALREADY KNEW IT IS IMPORTANT TO HAVE EQ AT WORK ! that 's why I am looking for information about EQ . .
 This book was a huge disappointment for someone looking for theoretical insight towards a more defined construct of emotional intelligence . Goleman 's previous book was insightful and did not carry the obvious plugging of his EQ consulting service . The book offered no new ideas and only contributed to muddying the construct of emotional intelligence . Goleman is following -LRB- maybe leading -RRB- the group of individuals trying to cash in on the ` hot ' idea of EQ in corporate America . I hope the concept of emotional intelligence does n't fall to the waste side as a result of poor application and research . This is not the book for you , if you are looking for anything more than a self help , feel good about your inadequacies book .
 We all know E-IQ is important and do NOT need a book of endless examples to illustrate this . I was looking for practical advice.And the title is clearly misleading . How do you work with E-IQ ? This is not mentioned .
 This books simple lists and extols all the virtues of 'Em otional Intelligence ' without telling one how to go about obtaining this . It 's like telling everyone all the virtues of being thin and all the negative things about being obese WITHOUT telling you how to go about losing weight.This type of book is written to raise the higher unrealistic standards/expectations for employees . Replace the word `` Emotional Intelligence '' with `` Maturity '' and you 'll be better off in life .
 Good information but does not execute how to utilize the information it leaves you confused and aggravated . I kept waiting for the punch line , guess the jokes on me .
 I feel the premise of Goleman 's book is highly relevant to those of us who work only to be undermined by feelings and emotions gone awry . I expected a `` back-to-the-basics-common-sense '' approach , but rather I got a lot of science and intelligence-speak .
 For those of you who may think that `` IQ '' does n't matter much , read some real research : Schmidt , F. L. , & Hunter , J. E. -LRB- 1998 -RRB- . The validity and utility of selection methods in personnel psychology
 The author of this book was obviously not applying `` emotional intelligence '' principles when writing this book . The points were all there and really proved why emtional intelligence is important , but it was just not done in a good manner . I do not typically shy away from long books , but this one was impossible . It was assigned to me and about 30 other people in my organization -LRB- we were to discuss and present ideas found inside the book -RRB- , and can I tell you that no one finished it because of repetitious and dreadful writing ? Just know that to be successful , you HAVE to exhibit emotional intelligence and be a intuitive , kind and generally good person to work with . If you do n't believe me , save yourself the time/energy and buy the Cliffs notes .
 Although the art of management remains to some extent a mystery , and managers thus eager for true insights into the underlying framework for personal relations , there is still really no excuse for such simplistic platitudes .
 I would give this book no more than 3 stars . The Reader puts you to sleep . The reason I only gave it 2 stars is because Disc 9 belongs to a totally different book . Chapers 40 to 40 something being read by a british woman . I did not get the entire book . Be rest assured I will be returning the item for a full refund or a complete book . Thank you .
 Compared to the auther 's first book that has bought me such a new insight into human nature , the second book is like an old man reiterating what he has learnt in the past and see everything through the same len . Maybe what he said is still right , but it gives me a feeling that the idea are not all interconnected , well-knitted and insightful . The theme of the book is simple
 I have been to many seminars and read a couple of books dealing with this topic . There are many helpful , albeit obvious , tips on working with difficult people , working in difficult situations , and working with teams . I would n't say I did n't like the book , but I was n't really wowed by it either.Ironically , a manager recommended this to me -LRB- which I found very insulting -RRB- . After I read it I realized that she needed to read it most of all !
 The whole idea about Emotional Intelligence is appealing and I actually buy it . But the just keeps telling stories after stories of how emotional intelligence is important , how most companies/people/training guides overlook it . The book never talks about how to actually develop emotional intelligence . The book is so incredibly repetitive and lacking any useful content that I am surprised how an intelligent person like Daniel Goleman could have thought of publishing it.Let me tell you the gist of how to develop emotional intelligence -LRB- based on this book and several others -RRB- : - The part of brain dealing with emotional intelligence learns by practise/repetition . You cant unlearn an old habit or learn a new one by just thinking about it conceptually . - Therefore to develop emotional intelligence , you have to train your mind repetitively . - The re-wiring of a habit in your brain happens at the instant when an event occurs that triggers a habit and you react to that event in a different way than you are habitual of doing . By repeating this over and over , your brain will learn the new habit . There are numerous self-help books out there which will create exercises for you to follow in your daily routine so that you can repeatedly apply the new habits you want to learn . But these methods are very slow simply because the number of iterations required to re-wire the brain will require a long time to happen . - If you want to change your habits fast , you can use certain meditation techniques . Some of them are more useful than others . A very potent technique is Vipassana meditation . Due to the way you use your brain while doing this meditation , the re-wiring happens very fast.I do not want to explain this in detail here because :1 . This is a book review and the space is not enough : -RRB- 2 . I am talking from my personal experience .3 . people usually like to read proofs for such claims . I am not an expert on meditation , nor a neuro-scientist . But I have practised Vipassana and it has given me great results.So all that I will say is
 If you want to read about emotional intelligence , then get the original book for the same author `` Emotional Intelligence '' . If you want to read about practical applications of emotional intelligence in the work place then this is what this book is about . I only gave it two stars because I think that the whole book should be summarised into 20-30 pages and just added as a chapter to the original work . Its important to read about the applications of emotional intelligence , but in this book you end up reading the same story over and over again with different companies and different people .
 It looks like the author is trying to spread his gospel of EQ to the business world . His message is , to succeed in business , your organization needs to become an emotionally intelligent organization . It should be full of EQ staff . Or , to put it the other way around , if you want to succeed in an organization , you should be an EQ person . Then he goes at length to tell stories to support his proposition.Unlike Emotional Intelligence , this sequel is light in contents . The book is loaded with interviews and observations . There is almost no new idea for those who have read EQ . It is admirable that the author can make it so thick -LRB- 383 pages -RRB- .
 Brian Keene , who is a really good horror writer , said in an interview I ran across , that Tom Piccirilli 's Dead Letters was the best book he 'd read this year . Brian , let me send you a list , because this one did n't cut it . Dead Letters does have some effective moments -LRB- the weirdo Prott family in particular -RRB- , but Eddie Whitt , who comes across as some sort of Mike Hammer-as-grieving-father-on-a-mission-of-vengeance , wears on you - and quickly . I 'll admit , I thought the premise - child killer giving kidnaped children to the parents of his previous victims - seemed clunky from the start , but with Keene 's recommendation , I was willing to give Dead Letters a whirl . Not a good choice . Basically , Dead Letters has too much down time , too many conversations that really do n't push the story along . The best parts , I felt , were when Whitt 's mask came down a bit , as he doubted his own sanity -LRB- I loved the doll house -RRB- , but for much the novel it 's talk talk talk , with Whitt tough-guy posturing every inch of the way . This may have worked better as a short novel , or even a novella , but at 366 pages , Dead Letters is perhaps betraying its Gold Medal noir roots . Dead on Arrival !
 What , are you people crazy ? This had to have been the dullest , most unenjoyable book I have read all year!If you gave it more than 2 starts , it must have been the first horror/suspense book you 've ever read . I have to agree with the other couple of people who gave this book 1-2 stars . I just could NOT get into it!For the first quarter of the book , the story line was hard to follow and b/c you are n't really told what is going on . By the time you piece together exactly what the plot is , you realize that you really do n't , and never did , care . This is because the characters are undeveloped and emotionlessly unnatural . I had no opinions or feel anything for any of the characters -LRB- I was even unsure of how the author wanted us to feel about the characters . -RRB-
 its by far not what the cover texts and customer reviews said . a rather volatile and boring thing . i m sorry i bought this book . its a pity .
 Although Tom Picirrilli has evidently published approximately 13 fiction thriller suspense novels previous to this one , this is my first book to read written by this author.From almost the beginning I was not really riveted or captivated by the narrative but I kept pushing on hoping the story would get better . It never did get better and the ending was just plain stupid . This was a collosal waste of time.The protagonist seemed to be overly concerned and accutely aware of everyone 's breath and how bad it smelled . All the self-destructive physical pain he inflicted on himself throughout the novel did not make him seem tough , scarey or even insane but really just stupid and melodramatic . I 'm not sure what Tom was trying to convey here with all of that but it did n't come across very well.The middle seemed to drag on and on and was not suspenseful in the least . There was a subplot involving a cult that did not mesh with the main plot and made no sense whatsoever . It was just kind of stuck in there to give the book a subplot I thought.Characters are the most important part of a novel to me . Without stellar characters that I can root for or boo-hiss -- there is no novel as far as I am concerned . All the characters in this novel did not seem to have much depth at all . What is the phrase ? -- Cardboard cutouts ? Yeah , that 's it and lots of cliches . This entire book just did not work for me at all.The fact that this is the author 's 14th published fiction thriller suspense book tells me that he must have some talent . I wo n't go so far as to say that I will never read anything that the author has written again . Even good writers can sometimes write bad books -LRB- case in point -- Amy Tan , excellent writer , bad book -- Saving Fish From Drowning -- BLECH ! -RRB- . I will let some time pass to get the bad taste of this particular novel out of my mouth and then try reading another fiction thriller suspense from this writer .
 This is a short book , only 196 pages but jam packed with action and energy . The premise of the story is slow to materialize . All we know in the beginning is that a kidnapping has taken place and a desperate mother is trying to rescue her infant daughter from a mysterious voice on the cell-phone . We also know is that something terrible happened a long time ago , and now is coming back to threaten the mother and her child . The voice is threatening , chilling and very vivid in what he will do if she does not comply with his instructions.Once we get to the heart of the story , and begin to realize the implications of the cross state journey , its time for our resourceful mother to start thinking of a way to defeat this monster . But how does one defeat the undead?No police , no FBI , no one to really help her , she has to figure out the problem on her own and solve it.This is a fairly predictable storyline and one that has been repeated before . Good vs. evil , love conquering hate , all the clich&eacute;s are here.The fact that it is a quick read is good . You want to get to the end to see if your suspicions are correct , and move on to a deeper novel . This one is ok for a quiet evening at home , but have something in reserve to get you through a weekend .
 This book was recommended to me by a friend of mine . He told me how great it was so I was going in expecting a great read . I , however , was very disappointed by it.The story is about a wealthy divorcee one night returning home from work to get a call from a man stating he has kidnapped her child -LRB- and the nanny -RRB- . From this point on our protagonist is then , if she is to see her child again , placed on a wild goose chase back to her childhood hometown -LRB- about 60 miles west -RRB- on the request of our antagonist . As the story moves along we get a number of frightful , bizarre , and maybe even supernatural events that occur as she drives from the town of her childhood to the seacoast of Cape Anne , Massachusetts . A hidden past and the connection of a serial killer even may be behind all of this.Though the novel moved very quick , the huge fault of this book was the inability of myself , the reader , to have a suspension of disbelief in how our protagonist acts when confronted with her many set pieces that she encounters . When something that is possibly or even probably supernatural occurs , she acts as if it was normal , where the author even uses our antagonist as exposition in explaining why he chose her . So , yeah , okay , she 's able to accept things of the complete bizarre with little problems at all . When our protagonist finds people that are murdered that she knows or cares for , she 's almost matter-of-fact about it . When animals that she thought were dead and then suddenly once again are alive , she is not taken aback . When she sees deserted ghost towns in Massachusetts she acts not all too surprised.There is even flaws in the story where she is told not to speak to the police , or her child will be killed . But when she is arrested at one point , she spills the beans on everything . Then the antagonist goes about as if it was okay . At points the antagonist gives complete exposition of his whole reasoning almost to the point you could see him as a James Bond villian telling his entire plan and our hero escaping to vanquish him . And the town statue of an important person in the town squares of the places she goes seem almost ludicrous since we discover that the honored person was a murdering sociopath . In today 's day and age , a statue of one time heroes that actually have done some good are removed never mind someone that is known to be evil.The ending of the story was so ridiculous and typical of B-movie type novels that the whole ending was projected , including the required police sirens in the distance approaching . The only good part was the last chapter and not because it worked , but more so because it was negative ; something needed since the story simply could n't have a happy ending because what had occurred prior.Would I recommend this book ? To be honest , I can not say no . It was a quick read . And if you are able to suspend disbelief better than I , you 'll like it . The writing is generally good in flow . So it is probably worth a read , just do n't get your hopes up as I did prior to reading the first chapter .
 I love DEXTA , GLORIOUS TREASON and BURDENS OF EMPIRE . But this , the third book in the DEXTA series was horrible . I felt the need to shower after I finished this book.The major draw to this series is that Gloria is a woman in a high pressure position in a bureaucracy that allows the use of physical , mental , emotional and sexual abuse . Glory is seen as having overcome the odds and circumvented the system , by being herself . She goes for what she wants and she typically gets it . The thing about Gloria is that she is an amazing woman who is remarkably intelligent , aware of and unafraid of her sexuality , and willing to do what it takes to right the wrongs that are done to those she cares for . All of that boiling down to Gloria ALWAYS getting the bad guy.In Fifth Quadrant we are introduced to a Dexta higher up -LRB- Level IV to those in the know -RRB- who , along with a cohort , essentially rapes Gloria . Bad enough , but the DEXTA books are designed , by accident or intent , to desensitize the reader to sexual acts ; so with the expectation that Gloria will later confront the baddie , tell him to stick it where the sun do n't shine and then proceed to do it for him , causing `` it '' to be permanently lodged in his rectum just after uncovering some nefarious deed that will have him transported to a high gravity prison world faster than you can say Avatar of Joy the reader is able to continue reading . However , in this case the bad guy is allowed to go free . This goes against superheroine , crime solver protocol and is likely to blindside the reader , leading to intense applications of Irish Spring world wide.This installation in the DEXTA series was too negative for enjoyment . This series typically leaves me feeling that the world ultimately works itself out in the end . This one left me with a queasy feeling in my belly while I tested the water to see if it was hot enough .
 I normally agree with the reviews that books get on Amazon . But this book was so boring the heroine complained too much , I did n't see what could possibly be considered romantic . Also the concept was too bizarre even for a book . I put the book down several times finally I reached the point were I could n't read one more sentence . Please do n't waste your money on this book get it from the library .
 I loved Sabrina Jefferies ` Spinster ' books , so I thought I 'd give this one a try . Well rated , pirates and the high seas ? The premises was too good to be true ! And oh sweet merciful God it was . Horn was the epitome of arrogance and condescension , and Sara was one of the most uncoperative females ever . The worst part of the book was how both the heroine and hero invalidated everyone else ' feelings and choices . Naturally , Sara is the only one who knows how relationships work , and marriage to a former pirate on an island paradise is SO much worse than a sentence to New South Wales , and of COURSE Horn knows everything about how Sara feels or wants or believes and it 's up to him to make her stop lying to herself.It took me almost two months to finish this book , and if I had to do it over again , I would 've just thrown the book away , even though it was a library copy . It was n't worth it at all .
 I expected this to be a swashbuckling tale on the high seas with tons of action and plenty of romance . I was sorely disappointed.While Sabrina Jeffries is known as as bestselling author , this was obviously not one of her best . I did n't like Gideon Horn 's -LRB- our hero -RRB- take-over attitude nor did I care for his bitter attitude . He was n't really a likable character . And while Sara Willis -LRB- our heroine -RRB- had a great personality -- strong , independent , vulnerable -- I was n't buying into her attraction to Gideon . A reformer who falls in love with a pirate ? It 's a great concept , but the actual plot was a bit lacking . I think Jeffries could have written this with a little more ... flair , I think , is the word I 'm looking for .
 When reading this book I suggest you sit down with a glass of wine -LRB- or even a bottle -RRB- in preparation for all the cheese this tale has to offer . While the plot showed potential and the promise of some good banter and wit , it does nothing but disappoint.The story begins with an infuriatingly prudish heroine that is kidnapped by the conveniently cleaver , dangerous , charming , all knowing , all powerful , all everything-you-can-think-of `` Pirate Lord '' Gideon Horn . Miss Sara Willis , prude , prig , and all out holier-than-thou English reformer is so annoying you ca n't help but wish she would either shut up or be walked off the plank . Captain Horn , or Captain Corn as I prefer to call him , just happens to know everything there is to know about everything that possibly comes up ... he accurately guesses everything Sara plans , feels , tries and even thinks . Never a doubt , never a mistake , never a guess to be made for he knows all ... and he 's nauseatingly corny to boot.Furthermore , the dialog is so atrocious you ca n't help but cringe after every other phrase uttered by the characters . While every five paragraphs might have a commendable sentence or two , most of it seems to have been written by a sixth grader . Despite the drudgery of making it through each paragraph , I continued to read hoping the book would at some point redeem itself , but all for not . Chapter 14 rendered me so desperately bored I had no choice but to escape the mind numbing assault on my brain . Not that romance novels are supposed to be master works of literature ... but at least make it fun , interesting , or even just plain readable . I recommend looking else where for a good story . All in all , this book left MUCH to be desired .
 I am disappointed that the book did n't meet the good reviews I read about before I bought the book . I 've read most of S.Jeffries ' books , but this one I find it truly lacking in a lot of areas . Nothing in Sara 's character compelled me to like her , even in the end . She was annoying and irritating . Even Gideon said that a few times in the book ! She 's a little self absorbed with what she wants , she thinks for the women rather than let them have their say in what they want . As Queenie would call her , `` high and mighty '' she never saw it through the perspective of a convicted women , because she mostly was treated way better than the convicted women did , so what does she have to complain about ? I would have been more compelled by her character if she actually went through what the convicted women went through in sleeping in the floor rather than in a private bed to herself . She did n't have much to complain about in choosing a husband since the men left her alone . Gideon does most of the compromises , yet she never thanked or appreciated his change of plans . I was not convinced that she loved him as much as he loves her , all she did was take and he did all the giving ! All she made me feel was sorry for her because she could n't accept the passionate side of her , and blamed it on Gideon for corrupting her to have ... . She thought it was a mistake after their first night together , and felt guilty for having it , yet ten min later she goes at it with him . Just shows how much she loves to complain in the book ! This book would n't be so bad if Sara stopped complaining at a certain point , accept changes , and adapt to those changes for the women and herself . For a reformer , she is n't much of one , since she never made any changes to herself , yet expects other to do it for her . I do n't see her changing as a character should , she remains the same spoiled person she was in the beginning . I would suggest you read S. Jeffries other books , and pass this one .
 This was one of the very few books that I could n't bring myself to finish . The heroine just grated on my nerves too much .
 The `` hero '' is a rapist , the `` heroine '' is a spineless wimp , and there are way too many characters . Furthermore , we never really learn to like any of the main characters . I kept reading and hoping the story would get better . The best part was when it was all over . This books breaks all the rules about character development and writing a romance .
 The plotline really captured my attention and then truly failed to deliver , mostly , because out fearless pirate lord never really thought through his plan to capture & marry these prsioner women . Did n't he realize this was fraught with problems ? Some women did n't want to marry these pirates , some women were old , some women already had husbands . Gideon seems totally surprised when these issues come up . And what about the men ? not all would be great husbands not all would want to give up the woman they want to a fellow pirate without causing some bloodshed.And our heroine is not any better . she rushes into her do-gooding with silly abandon . What were these women doing making quilts and learning to read when at the end of the voyage they would be treated as whores on the penal colony . How was she helping them ?? I found the love line faring not much better either . Sara seems to fall in love with Gideon only after she sees how horribly he was hurt by his mother 's abandonment . Pity is not love but maybe Sara does n't know that until after the book ends.I was hoping for a better read with such an intriguing plot and such a good author .
 `` The dangerous lord , '' started out good , but by page 150 or so , it started getting unrealistic and the rest of it was a big disappointment ! I dont like the heroine 's stubborn attitude either ! The plot sounded interesting but it turned out awful ! This is a poor written book that could have been better ! Its as if the writer started out great but then got lazy and just hurried up and finished the book , without caring if it turned out good or not ! If any of Jeffries stories are like `` after the abduction '' and `` the dangerous lord '' quit now ! If she can get a disappointing book publish , surely anybody else can publish their as well and i bet theirs would probably be a whole lot better ! This is not a good read but a waste of time ! I 'm done reading anymore of her works !
 After reading the excerpt and several of the reviews , I expected an highly engaging read . Ian 's need to marry and produce an heir provided the necessary tension , but the rest seemed contrived and a patchwork of scenarios from other romances . The humor was rather flat and I did n't get very interested in any of the characters . I kept reading to find out about the great mystery that darkened Ian 's soul - it was certainly a tragedy that could warp a young man . If this was the best of Ms. Jeffries as some of the reviewers suggest , I probably will not be looking for more of her books .
 After reading The Forbidden Lord -LRB- my first by Sabrina Jeffries -RRB- , which I enjoyed , I thought Ian 's story would be worth purchasing . I should n't have bothered . At best this was a very mediocre book , the plot extremely contrived , the heroine not likeable or believable and not even an affectionate buildup or attachment between the two lead characters before they were `` clenching '' each other very early on in the book . Why in the world would Felicity refuse to marry Ian after he 'd `` ruined '' her ? At the very least , one would think she would have agreed to marry the Viscount in order to stave off starvation and ruin for the brothers she claims to love , in spite of the fact she did n't think Ian loved her . And how obtuse does a woman have to be not to discern that Ian 's feelings for her went beyond `` desire '' ? Usually , I can allow a little leway when it comes to playing fast and loose with plot development , but this was not worthy of Sabrina Jeffries nor was it fair to her readers who expect a superior product . I blame this mostly on the publishers and editors who pressure these authors to crank out books faster than they should . I know it 's hard to wait for a favorite author to finish her next book , but the wait makes it all the more worth savoring if the end result is a good , solid story . Take heed , publishers , some of us are not satisfied with `` good enough . ''
 Oh , where do I begin?Bad . This novel was just bad . I actually caught myself rolling my eyes on more occasions than I would like to admit . The plot was ridiculously melodramatic -LRB- and this romance for goodness sake -RRB- , the heroine so whiny and aggravating she reminded me of that screechy girl EVERYONE knew in high school , and the hero , well , he was at best ` okay ' . I do n't want ` okay ' in my romance novels ! I want fire and , well , romance . And the dialogue . Oh , for the love of all things holy . Horrendous . If I ever read the words `` never fear '' again , it will be way too soon . I read about three books per week , and could n't push through this one . Never fear , though , dear readers , the Penny Royal Green series will have you rebounded in no time .
 I had a most interesting experience reading this book . The basic story , the search for these six of Six Million , is compelling , haunting and introduced masterfully in the beginning of the book . However , as the book progressed , I began to feel that this was less about those six people than about the author 's quest to impress us with detail , Biblical passages , and exhausting writing that I found almost narcissistic at times . I think there is a beautiful story in there somewhere . The restreminded me of how critical a good editor can be .
 Obviously , many people love this book , including the amazon reviewers . I have read great quite a bit of the Holocoaut literature.I could not get past page 150 of this book . -LRB- I put in down earlier , and gave it a second try , but , as noted , it was unsuccessful . -RRB- I found the biblical digressions tedious , and the book cried out for editing . It also was self-indulgent , approproiate for a memoir , but for me this did not work at all for me in the context of a search for the story behind the loss of the author 's great uncle and his four daughters.I am obviously in the minority here - the professional reviews and the amazon reader reviews were very positive - but that was my subjective reaction to the book.And I can not remember the last time I ever did not finish a book I started .
 I bought this book because I am very much interested in reading and learning about the Holocaust . I think Mendelsohn 's search for his family members would have been a fascinating story ; however , the rambling way he has written the book and the numerous , unnecessary asides really detracted from the main story line .
 Mendelsohn 's Story is too much kitch , shtick and Brighton Beach Memoirs II , and scarcely little to add about the Holocaust . If not for his grandfather 's argyles , matching sox and his seeming obsession for Connie Francis , family genealogy would have been a non-starter for Dan . Well as they say , `` there 's no business like Shoah business . '' So the beat goes on with another layer of irrelevancy about a still evolving subject . `` Blessed are those with nothing to say and can not compelled to say it . ''
 I bought this book as I started my business trip to China , hoping to enjoy a good book on the plane . I was really disappointed by the following :1 . The pictures , though haunting and beautiful are not captioned . It would have been much better putting them in a section with captions . The least they could have done would have been to put them in the proper context .2 . There is a great story somewhere in this book , but it got lost in the details and poor writing . It was very difficult to follow the story , even in circular Russian-doll style the author favors . It seemed to me that he just kept repeating the same thing in every chapter , adding just a bit to it.I think they should re-edit the book and publish again . This edition does not do justice to the story .
 I was very excited to read this book after finding a review in my local newspaper . I knew by page 2 I was going to have trouble reading this . It 's just too rambling . I agree with the all the other 1 and 2 star reviews . Why were n't there captions with the photos ? I ended up skimming through the book in a couple hours just to find out some details about the family . Lastly , I am very PO'ed with all the flaming done to the readers who gave this book a low rating . I guess you 're only entitled to your opinion if you like it ? If you do n't want to be a jerk , do n't review the reviewer .
 A picture 's worth a thousand words , yet author Mendelsohn -LRB- and his editors and publisher -RRB- chooses to go the long way around and describe a journey of photographs , interviews and international travels in words , words and more words , describing people and photograph after photograph with many digressions in to a Biblical narrative and tedious details about himself and his quest and his family . Really , you do n't have to say everything . It 's like he felt compelled to put EVERYTHING in this one book . I hope this guy does n't teach writing .
 I want so badly to know what happens to this family of 6 , but I fall into a deep sleep every time I try to read this book . I started skipping all the Biblical theology excerpts in order to make my way through - still does n't work - instant coma . I wanted to love this book so badly , yet I think this is another instance where there is a blatant lack of editing . The publicists should receive a bonus for selling this book .
 I think the idea behind the book - personalizing the horror of the Holocaust by seeking to determine what happened to the author 's family - has great merit . The execution is beyond confounding , tedious , repetitive and , ultimately unsatisfying . As it was the only book I had on a long trip , I was compelled to continue through it , but had little/no interest in the italicized segues into Jewish historical discussions , which I had hoped would add something to the story , but just added pages . The repetition -LRB- in one instance , copying the same , simple lyrics of a song sung by the author 's grandfather with numerous alternate syncopations and accents -LRB- English , Yiddish , Polish -RRB- , added nothing . The large passages in Yiddish , the repeated indications that there were great stories he had heard that , unfortunately , could n't be told to the reader , all just rendered the effort put into trying to really care about his relatives much more difficult and made this reader feel that she was being patronized . This story , with a less obsessed author and a competent editor should have come in at less than half the published text . Please do n't waste your time or money .
 This review does not address the content of The Lost , it only addresses the typeface used in the paperback edition . This is the first time ever that I am returning a book because of the typeface . It is very small but it is also a bit fussy . It might be Times New Roman , but I am not sure . I have perfect near vision . But I am conscious of struggling to read the page , which means I ca n't get lost in the book . I am ordering the hardcover hoping that the typeface is better for me.ADDENDUM JULY 7,2010 . If you want this book , order the hard copy which was very readable . I do not know what the electronic version is like . I think the readability of the type is an important aspect of a book . I appreciate all of the `` not helpful '' comments I am getting . When I look at a product I may want to buy , I look at the one star reviews first to see if there is a significant problem . If someone told me the typeface was unreadable I would find another printing . I figure that all of the `` not helpful '' votes will just draw more amazon users to this review and maybe the publisher will put out a better paperback copy .
 The book 's cover seemed to mesmerize me with its many fragile old photos ; however , I soon found myself frustrated and lost due to the author 's blatant lack of captions for the photos -- frankly , it was maddening.This book was in desperate need of a good editor
 This book is painfully long and repetitive . I 'm on page 35 and I doubt that I will be able to finish the entire book . Once you begin to get into the history of the family , the author veers completely off topic . Frustrating . Irritating.I want to love this book , and I 'm sure that there is a wonderful story somewhere in the mass of pages , I 'm just not sure I will have the patience to find it .
 I 'll admit - I could n't even finish the book ... actually , I could n't get past 100 pages . The book is overly sentimental bordering on maudlin , repetitive -LRB- how many times do we have to be reminded that the author looks like his grandfather 's brother ? -RRB- , and filled with too many incomprehensible sentences within sentences . The book 's tone seemed manufactured , ie , it seemed like the author felt his emotions in order to write about them in this book . Disappointing , given the strong reviews on Amazon .
 This book is entirely too slow . It seems to just repeat the same thing in every chapter . I agree with the the other review that says this is just an extended guide on Jewish genealogy . Very disappointed .
 After looking forward to reading this fascinating story , I was shocked , no , horrified , to see how many run-on sentences this book contained . It was hard to follow the thought of the writer in many cases . And the overuse of the poor comma was so distracting that I found myself re-reading far too many sentences.I was quite disappointed in seeing an incredible story that should be told ruined by the apparent poor editing on someone 's part .
 This book is one of the worst I have read . The author seems to be trying to do a multitude of things - tell the story , impress readers with his Jewishness , and use all of the words he possibly can . One sentence took up 3/4 of a page ! The narrative is difficult to follow as he digresses frequently and it seems that he jumps back and forth between locals , people and stories . The writing is so convoluted one can not keep track of the individuals and events he is talking about as he progresses through his search . I tried to read it all but finally just gave up . He is trying to be James Joyce without the talent to do so .
 i read the rave reviews and i bought this book . i did not find it as compelling or as interesting as the reviews led me to believe it would be . disappointed .
 Usually I read romance novels in a matter of hours -- but this one took me several days as I never really got into it enough to care about the characters . This upset me a little -- after all , After the Abduction was a great story that I could n't get enough of . The heroine in this one is a little too perfect , the hero a little too light , and everything felt just slightly contrived . And , I have to be honest ... I was waiting for the big twin moment -LRB- the hero is a twin -RRB- when Clara knows Morgan without question ... something that I love about `` twin '' romances ... but it did n't come , and that was a let down for me.My advice ? Read After the Abduction and give this one a miss .
 This book had so much potential but I am having a difficult time getting finishing it . ** Some may consider this a spoiler ** I figured I would just sit down and get through it since I was about 80 % done ; however , Morgan 's childishness about Clara 's love for the children she cares for just made me really dislike him . He says something to the effect that `` You love them more than you love me ... . prove that you love me more . '' Yuck ! Then they proceed to make love . No , Thank You.I ca n't even finish this book now because I 'd rather she not end up with him .
 I was smiling reading the beginning , the early interaction between Clara & Morgan was fun . Unfortunately , the crux of the novel - Morgan 's fear of London and everything it represents to him in his tortured past - just did n't ring true.Morgan is pretty bland for a roguish scoundrel . Morgan is your typical tortured hero with a `` dark '' past while the Lady Clara is your typical headstrong heroine who finds High Society boring . Instead , she runs the Home , a shelter for poor children helping them escape the criminal street life so common amongst them.Spoilers ahead.As I mentioned , the witty banter between Clara & Morgan in the beginning was fun . The second half of the novel however focuses on Morgan agonizing mercilessly over a past which tortures his soul . Morgan is made out to be a rogue who 's done some bad stuff , but I really do n't see it . He does n't even directly the kill the man who ended up causing his mother 's death , he only arranged it , as though this is such a big deal , causing all this feminine angst inside him . I fail to see any of Morgan 's so-called criminal past , he was a sailor , abducted by pirates -LRB- not really doing anything for them -RRB- , and he was a spy for the government . So where 's this criminal rogue ? Please , he 's as square as they come , and pretty weak agonizing over a `` murder '' he did n't directly partake in.I wanted to see a determined and willful Morgan -LRB- or at least grow some -RRB- kill the Specter in the end , but apparently Clara explains that doing that would erase what 's left of his soul . C'mon ... Also predictably , Clara convinces Morgan to see everything her way , that he was afraid of London and he was running from his past by trying to escape London and captain a ship . Towards the end , Clara easily convinces Morgan to not kill the Specter , as if in so doing it instantly and magically releases him of agonizing over his childhood in Geneva -LRB- which , of course , it magically does -RRB- . Clara gets everything she wants
 I felt entirely generous giving this book two stars.MARRIED TO THE VISCOUNT was an impulse buy ; I wanted to branch out and start reading new authors , and historical fiction is my weakness . The title told me it was a historical romance , so I purchased it.I have made many such purchases , been splendidly happy with them , and found new favorite authors in the process . Sabrina Jeffries was not one of these authors.From the first page I thought it was ridiculous that Abigail bought into the whole marriage-by-proxy thing . She seemed far too naive for me , and the premise was absurd . Perhaps this was a `` done thing '' in the time period , but it seemed absolutely silly to me.Spencer was a dashing hero , and I loved him , but my dislike for the heroine and my skepticism about the plot made the book overall very unenjoyable . I 'm looking to sell it used as quickly as possible.In other words , this is not a book that I want to take up space where a Christina Dodd , Julia Quinn , Lisa Kleypas , or Glynnis Campbell can take its place on my bookshelf .
 I agree with the disappointed reviewer . I had hoped for something better ... I now assume that most of the reviews were written by THE AUTHOR , HER FAMILY , HER FRIENDS . This is a generic rehash of the type of `` romance '' NOVEL THAT MAKES PEOPLE cringe . I like Abigail but Spencer got on my nerves . He is the type of man no woman should get involved with . The fact that Abugail fell in love with him is too unbelievable for me . Better luck next book
 tHIS HAD TO BE ONE OF THE DRYEST , MOST BORING BOOKS I HAVE EVER READ . THE HERO WAS TOO ARROGANT AND HARD , NEVER REALLY GOT REDEEMED.THE BEST PART OF THE BOOK WAS ITS COVER . HOWEVER , I DISLIKE WASTING MY HARD-EARNED MONEY ON A BOOK COVER . i USUALLY LOOK AT THE NUMBER OF USED COPIES AVAILABLE AND HOW LONG THE BOOK HAS VBEEN ON THE SHELF . IF THE BOOK HAS A LOT OF USED , LIKE THIS DOES , THAT MEANS IT IS A LESS THAN SATISFYING READ .
 Since everyone and their grandmother has written a plot recap , I 'll spare you all that . What I will , instead , say is that I 've read nearly all of Ms. Jeffries ' books , and this is my least favorite . Despite not being a particularly original plot , it 's a perfectly serviceable plot that should have been much more enjoyable given the author 's overall quality and skill.I agree with another reviewer that this cover makes no sense -- there was no scene with the two in the bathroom/bathtub -LRB- although there was a `` bathing '' scene , but it was not with Spencer , and it was not integral in any way to the book -RRB- . I also found the cover art unappealing on a whole -- the people are too small and the woman in no way resembles Abigail.I 've read other books with half - `` indian '' -LRB- Native American , in this case Seneca -RRB- characters , and I have always enjoyed having an exotic looking heroine . Most books set in this time period -LRB- 1821-1822 -RRB- feature the blond , blue eyed , pale Englishwoman . Yet the `` honey-skinned '' , raven haired Abigail has blue eyes ? * sigh * The best way I can think of to describe my feelings about it is that it was a wasted opportunity.Spencer 's character was a combination of a `` wounded '' -LRB- literally and figuratively -RRB- hero , but fell too much into the `` arrogant '' catagory . He was overbearing , but not in an endearing way . Abigail was a combination of worldly and un - `` missish '' and completely and utterly naive . She was nearly gullible . I 'm not referring to her marriage by-proxy , or her being conned by Spencer 's brother Nat . Her choices in America and her interractions with Spencer explained that well enough . I 'm more referring to her transparancy with her machinations . It left me with the impression that Abigail was just plain desperate , and did n't do justice to what the character could have been.The single biggest complaint is one that I can not actually detail because it would be a spoiler . All I can really say is that the ending would have been MUCH better -LRB- would have redeemed the rest of the failings in the book , probably -RRB- if it had NOT had the sappy , stereotypical `` happily ever after '' . The ending could have been completely happy , sweet and fulfilling without falling into the predictable and irritating catagory . The whole last 1/3 of the book I kept hoping that the ending would NOT be what it was . The disappointment colored my enjoyment of the rest of the story.Overall , this book was n't horrible , by any stretch , but is way below the standards I have come to expect from Sabrina Jeffries . While her books may lean toward `` fluff '' more than great literature , up until this they 've been perfectly worthwhile reads . I would definitely NOT recommend this book as a first foray into this author 's work . For a reader who is already a fan , I would n't recommend it -- it 's just not really worth the time .
 I was very disappointed with this book . I have read many historical romances and found this new book a waste of my money.It is not one I will keep in my extensive library.Better luck next time .
 Spencer Law , Viscount Ravenswood , travels to America with his brother on business . But the business trip becomes pleasure upon meeting the beautiful and outspoken Abigail Mercer . As attracted as Spencer is to the lovely Miss Mercer , he has vowed never to marry . But during a drinking escapade with his brother prior to his return to London , he unknowingly reveals the extent of his attraction to her.A few months later , much to Spencer 's surprise , Abigail shows up on his doorstep during a party , claiming to be his bride . Apparently Spencer 's brother married them by proxy , with Abigail believing Spencer had wanted the marriage . Now the brother has disappeared with her considerable dowry in his possession . To avoid scandal , Spencer has concocted a scheme where he and Abigail will pretend to be happily married , until he can locate his brother . But even though the controlling Spencer is determined not to have a wife in truth , will he be able to resist Abigail 's charms , especially since she wants them to remain married?I was really looking forward to reading a book by this author , after reading some of the glowing reviews of her work . Obviously , I had rather high expectations of this book , and unfortunately it turned out to be a major disappointment . The story was lackluster and unoriginal . The main characters were one-dimensional cardboard cutouts that , along with their story , never managed to engage my emotions . In fact , this book was just plain boring . I kept expecting it to improve , but too late I realized this was as good as it would get . I did manage to finish it , but only because I began skimming to reach the ending sooner . The whole premise of why he did n't want to be married became ridiculous , after it was carried on for so long . I kept thinking , man , just tell her and get this over with!On the bright side , there were a couple of places where the author did succeed in adding something humorous , but those few times were not worth the effort of reading this whole book . Even the sex became mundane and boring after awhile . Do n't walk , but run away from this one !
 This book was very disappointing . What could have been an incredibly clever vehicle and plot -LRB- the proxy marriage by the meddling younger brother -RRB- was a waste of a good idea in this novel . The characters were wooden and too concerned with one another 's physical beauty , and the dialogue was unnatural and did n't flow . I was more intrigued by the minor characters -LRB- the brother and his fiance -RRB- than I was by the main characters . Not a ringing endorsement .
 I read most of this author 's books and in my opinion this one lacked depth or inspiration . I wonder if Ms. Jeffries herself derived any pleasure from writing it .
 I have read this author before and enjoyed her books . This one was -LRB- sadly -RRB- disappointing especially in light of the fact that I was so looking forward to it . I just did n't * believe * any of it . The plot was contrived and the characters were hollow . Do n't * tell * me about the characters and their feelings . * Show * me what the characters are like by their actions . This one just did n't ring true for me . I rarely do n't finish a book but sadly put this one down . I do n't like feeling that I 'm being talked down to by romance authors . I 'm always looking for authors who actually give me some credit . I can figure out what 's going on in a story by following the action . I do n't need it spelled out to me so simplistically . Read and enjoy her other books .
 When i started reading `` after the abduction '' by Jeffries , i have to admit i was into it , it started off goood but once it got to page 82 , it was downhill from there and even worse as the book continued , i had to force myself to finish the book , which is so unlike me , just because i wanted to see if Jeffries will redeem herself , i cant see why since the book was dull and unbelievable . The reasons she made up to make him confess he was truly her kidnapper -LRB- like he tutoring her to ` recognize scoundrels ' -RRB- and the way he convinced her to make love to him was so unreal ! The heroine could have come up with a more convincing plan and they 're arguements were so dumb . Trust me - stay away from this book ! If all of Jeffries other books are anything like `` After the abduction '' and `` the dangerous lord , '' quit now !
 I loved the first two books in the series , but this one was a disappointment . Juliet and Sebastian met and fell in love two years ago , when the second book in the series took place . That is when this book should also begin , so that we could watch them get to know and love each other . But no . * spoiler warning * All we get to see is how they still love each other , but have different reasons not to let the other know that . It was quite nice to watch Juliet try to make Sebastian reveal himself . But after a while all that became boring . And then , when he decided to tell her the truth , he wanted to make love to her first - just in case she wo n't love him any more when she learns the truth . And then she refuses to marry him for no good reason at all . I did n't like it that her sisters played such a big role in this book . I almost started to dislike Griff because of all his meddling . And Juliet should care more for Sebastian then for her sisters and brothers in law . She did n't even trust him to make everything well .
 If I had to sum up this book in one word , it would be contrived . The plot is ludicrous , the characters unappealing and the dialogue juvenile -LRB- I refer specifically to the scenes of seduction , one involving a pedestal , which I found pathetic and not the least sensual -RRB- . I was surprised , because I 've read other of Ms. Jeffries ' books and liked them.But she gave her lead characters short shrift here ... especially the `` heroine '' , who supposedly had matured and grown up in the two years between her abduction and finally coming to confront her abductor , but I saw no evidence of any growth . And nothing about Sebastian -LRB- or Morgan -RRB- to warrant the interest.I kept asking myself , as I pushed on through the book , `` why did she write this ? '' . Finally I asked a better question ... `` why am I wasting my time reading this ? '' . Like others in the many forums here , my tendency over the years has been to avoid posting reviews of books I did n't like , for whatever reason . But I 've changed my thinking in that regard.Unfortunately , this was the book I was attempting to wade through when I made that decision .
 ... when your position within the Catholic Church has been so marginalized by the last two pontificates as to be almost non-existent . Nevertheless , the hard Left Catholics slog on , all Sturm und Drang , sound and fury , signifying nothing.Take David Gibson . His last book , The Coming Catholic Church , a jeremiad against the depredations of JPII , the Roman Curia , and anyone who has n't rolled over in favor of gay marriage , women priests , and free condoms , proved to be not so prophetic after all . The Catholic Church of his fervid dreams seems no nearer materializing than a fata morgana.Yet he presses on . Since the actual Catholic Church appears strangely resistant to his blandishments , Gibson , in this latest screed , is reduced to vague threats and more dire predictions that if she does n't shape up and meet the radicals ' demands , she may soon find herself bereft of them , a situation one struggles to find problematic . After all , there are numerous other ecclesial harbors that would welcome the hardcore dissidents , from the Unitarian Universalists to the Episcopal Church . I 'm sure Gibson and his ilk would find a warm welcome among Jon Shelby Spong , for example.Why do n't they just leave ? More fun , and , one supposes , more lucrative to bash the Church from the inside.A favorite ploy of his is to trot out supposedly revelatory polls about lay persons ' preferences -- a symptom of his desire to transform a hierarchical Church into a liberal democracy . Well , lem me tell ya , Davy-boy
 Summary : The book starts off well , while Mr. Gibson sticks to the facts concerning the John Paul II -- Benedict XVI transition . But after the first few chapters , the book becomes just a very long , very negative , increasingly bitter complaint about everything Mr. Gibson dislikes about Catholicism . It ends up telling us less about Benedict than it does about Mr. Gibson . Better to skip it.Specifics : Mr. Gibson repeatedly falls into the trap of referring to the factions in the Church as Left vs. Right , or Liberal vs. Conservative , as if they 're political parties , each with personal opinions just as good as those of the other `` party . '' This reduces the debate to a long , multi-chapter , bitter diatribe about how Benedict 's ` opinion ' differs from others ` opinions ' as if all opinions are equally valid THEOLOGICALLY . With all Mr. Gibson 's repetitive complaints about how the `` Right '' -LRB- Benedict et al -RRB- turns a deaf ear to the `` Left '' -LRB- majority vote -RRB- , he never delves into if or why the THEOLOGY might clearly side one way or the other , and that one side may or may not be THEOLOGICALLY correct and the other simply incorrect . He just quotes this bishop here , or that priest there , or some group 's opinion , as if the fact that they hold an opinion strongly somehow makes the opinion theologically valid.Example quote
 `` The Rule of Benedict '' should have been a success . Certainly `` The Rule of Benedict '' offers an interesting and fairly in-depth coverage of the death of John Paul II and the papal conclave of 2005 which elected Benedict XVI to the Holy See . The problem is David Gibson can not keep his blatant biases against Benedict and his rather conservative theology and policies out of the narrative and that is what proves so frustrating about the book . For example , Gibson pointedly states as he describes the cardinals preparing for the conclave that a majority of them did not want Ratzinger as pope-an odd statement since he did win the required 2/3 vote on the third ballot . Gibson also continually plays up the idea that it was a total shock that Ratzinger due to his conservative background and controversial role under John Paul II . Fine but Gibson seems to base that on comments from American clergy members . This is an odd thing to say , especially since Gibson spent a good deal of time in Italy and covering the Vatican , but he seems to think the Catholic Church is only a western one or more specifically an American and western Europe church . Calling Ratzinger and his camp `` neocons '' does not help the matter . Gibson offers a skeleton biography of Benedict but does little to flesh it ; one is left wondering why Ratzinger drifted to the right . Despite Gibson 's background as a reporter covering the Vatican , I kept thinking that Gibson was writing about American politics-perhaps because he thought his readers would make more sense of the byzantine politics of Rome if he could connect it to America 's perpetual presidential campaigns . But it can not be done . The Church is very different than American politics and this , as well as Gibson getting in the way of his own narrative , undermines what could have been an excellent book . While there are useful parts to it , on the whole `` The Rule of Benedict '' must be considered a disappointment .
 Well well , what can one expect from Mr.Gibson ? He is of the `` Catholic '' dissident mold , the type that never tire of throwing out the old `` causes '' of the liberal 60 's and 70 's even though the Church -LRB- thank God -RRB- is finaly past that stage . The book gives a fairly good background on the Holy Fathers early days , but it is full of Gibson 's tired old `` change the Church so we can be more like protestants agenda . ''
 This is another book by a soon to be ex-CatholicIf Mr. Gibson does n't believe in the scripture `` I have given you the keys to the kingdom and the gates of hades will not prevail against it `` He does n't believe there is a real holy power in apostolic successionand using quasi intellectualizing has the purpose here of making a vain attempt to undermine the authority of a Church established by Jesus Christ himselfThe Da Vinci Code takes the exact same approach they steep it historical research to the tune of about 75 % worth of data that has a descent factual underpinning and then you hear that `` varoooom '' That 's the sound of the hover craft engines starting up and disney world orchestra tuning up behind it and what is delivered to you in the balance is something all together different.My question of the day is `` who wants to be in the room the day that Mr. Gibson is judged at the foot of the throne `` Rev 3:8 `` Behold a set before you a door that no MAN can close ''
 ---------------------------- Gibson provides a scathing profile of Pope Benedict XVI and issues a dire warning about the future of Catholicism . Asserting that Benedict is a regressive theologian , he cautions that the church is headed in a very conservative direction , in direct opposition to the silent majority of American Catholics , who favor a more liberal spiritual and social agenda . ---------------------------- Gibson misses the point
 Gibson is a biased writer with no understanding of what it means to be Catholic . Gibson wants to throw away 2,000 years of tradition and make the Church another protestant denomination . The new Pope is a blessing but Gibson is trying to make a buck selling this book to protestants .
 The modern world is a disaster . Battle on Holy Father!Mr . Gibson has missed the point of the papacy entirely . Its not about the man who is pope and Benedict has done a wonderful job of returning the emphasis to the Faith and the Liturgy rather than his own celebrity . A refereshing change!Oh , Mr. Gibson , in the old mass , the priest doesnt face away from the people . The people and the priest face the same direction , with their eyes and their minds -LRB- hopefully -RRB- on God . The lamest of the lame anti-old Mass myth out there ...
 Please , save your money . It 's a well known fact that the biggest Catholic bashers are the ex Catholics , the fallen Catholic clergy , and the rest of the me , me , generaton . This is clearly an attack book.For God 's sake , if you do n't WANT to be a Catholic , there are THOUSANDS of other Christian religions ; go join one ! Same old , same old . This book is just another opportunity to grip about Catholicism , translated to , `` I dont ' want to change my lifestyle , I do n't want a religion that brings me closer to God , I just , well , want to have fun ! `` Why Gibon thinks Benedict WANTS to be JPII is beyond me . But , he rants and raves , like he is trying to make the case for it . And then there are the usual `` issues '' , artifical birth control , divorcees rec ' g communion , sex , women priests , . . it get 's old fast.It 's uselss to make the case why the church teaches what it teaches . Most of all , obiedence is what the will of God is all about , but that takes humility . As Chesteron once said , or something close to this , `` The Catholic church is there to change US , not for US to change the church . '' After all , if we all want to live in moral relativism , why go to chruch at all?All that said , if Gibson and all the other catholic bashers -LRB- the ones who PRETEND to be real Catholics -RRB- , prayed for some humility and stayed close to the sacraments , especially the Eucharist and reconcillation , they would soon discover the true glory of the Catholic faith . A little catechesis would also be in order , because , NO ONE WHO KNOWS the Catholic faith ever leaves or bashes it , NEVER!Last but not least , to attack a pope is to attack God Himself . I suggest Gibson and everyone else who has a problem take it up with God , not write another attack book to try and take the weak down with you . That 's just evil .
 I do not like this book because I think Pope Benedict is a very holy man , strong as a rock in his love for Christ and His Church ! This is the type of leader the world needs ! Unwavering in his principles which are firmly founded in God 's Revelation . I am very happy that the author is a convert to Catholicism but faith is not like a cafeteria , that one pick and choose what one would like to savor . If you are an authentic Catholic , you are convinced that the Church throughout the ages has been passing on the fullness of truth revealed by God to His flock . If you do n't like that , then please , no one is forcing you to remain . Go and find a denomination that better suits your taste and preference . As for me , I remain with Holy Father Benedict XVI , because where Peter is , there is the Church , and there is Christ .
 I was very curious about `` Juana the Mad '' and was looking forward to reading that portion of this story . I was n't as interesting in reading about the more contemporary seduction of the seventeen year old girl by her adult professor but I thought I would give the book a try anyway.There were things that got in the way of my enjoyment and I did n't finish this book . The seduction part of the story would have been just fine if it were n't for the strange and disorganized way the story was told . I suspect , that in the translation from Spanish to English , some of the finer points of the writing may have been lost . The chronology was n't at all fluid , it was very difficult for me to tell if the main character was referring to something that happened in the recent past or the distant past.I thought the way the author had the main character Lucia describe her body was strange especially when she tells the reader about her belly button . This is after she has described the rest of her body : ' ... my belly button was so deep and tiny that the only way I could clean it -- as part of my weekly ritual -- was by using a cotton swab that went almost halfway in before hitting the end . And for some inexplicable reason , whenever I did that , I felt a tickling sensation in my rectum . ' I do not consider myself to be `` squeamish '' in the least . I can read about nearly anything without being offended . And it was n't that I was offended by these details . I just did n't feel like they were valuable to the story in anyway . They did n't serve to endear the main character to the reader and they certainly did n't do anything to move the story forward . I thought that they were strange and gave the story a weirdness to it that I did n't understand.I thought the progression of events , specifically the manipulating actions of the professor were not believable . Things would have happened much more slowly in real life . And the whole premise of getting Lucia to imagine herself as Juana just did n't seem very well developed or realistic , it seemed rather forced , unrealistic and silly to me.I was disappointed by all of these observations and I let this one go in favor of something that showed more promise in being a book I would actually enjoy . I would still like to read about `` Juana the Mad '' if anyone can recommend something else that would be great , Thanks .
 This book started out with great promise . The story of Juana was interesting and well-crafted , but the subplot with The obsessed Manuel and his &#34; victim &#34; Lucia is boring and weird at best , offensive and bizarre at worst . There was no need to even include them in the story . They were only interesting at the end , and that turned out to be a huge disappointment too . The end was chopped off , left you hanging . It was as if the author just gave up and decided to end it right there . Extremely unsatisfying ! Also the grammar was horrendous !! Would never recommend this book to anyone
 This book would have been better if the story line stuck to Philippe The Handsome and Juana The Mad 's love story . The secondary lust story between a naive , convent-bred , swoony teen-ager and an older man in mid-life crisis is unnecessary and boring .
 Having read the `` Lord '' books by Ms Jeffries , I did not hesitate to purchase this . Unfortunatly I was very disappointed , this was the first time I have ever had to struggle with finishing a romance novel . The main problem for me was the fact that I could not stand the main female character `` Rosalind '' . She was a total unlikable character . The only thing that was not unbareble about her is that she physically was not the usual `` perfect '' woman usually depicted in romance novels . The fact that the lead female was so distasteful , and the totally generic male character `` Griff '' , not to mention the ridiculous storyline , I gave it 2 stars . Only because I truly enjoyed the `` Lord '' series I will try anything else by Sabrina Jeffries .
 This book was so ridiculous to me . I did not care for either of the main characters . I found it excessively corny ... especially the final climax at the end where Griff is pleading his case before his lady love . It was too syrupy and corny . Also , there were too many deceptions by the hero . Whenever you 'd think , okay he 's going to tell the truth , he 'd decide to tell one portion of the truth or tell some half truths , instead . It was infuriating . The heroine was absolutely ridiculous , too . Remember the foolish escape to London to be an actress on stage ? That was the most ridiculous thing I 've ever heard of . It was too unreal . Also , I did not like the idea that the author made Griff seem selfish simply because he wanted to prove his legitimacy . I thought it was outrageous that he 'd have to prove his love by giving up his claim to legitimacy , especially after the heinous act done to him which made him lose it to begin with . I had no sympathy for the heroine or her sisters and I think that was because of the author 's writing style in this book . I never really connected with any of the characters and therefore could n't work up enough sympathy . I was mad because he did n't follow through on his plans ! Also , it is ridiculous to even suggest that the daughter of an earl would even consider a man believed to be a smuggler and the son of a highwayman . Then the author has the gall to suggest another story might be forthcoming regarding the eldest daughter and Griff 's man of affairs . This is a man who 's father was a highwayman and who 's mother was a maid from an inn . They met and became a Bonnie and Clyde type , were finally captured and were publicly executed . If Jeffries makes a book about these two I will scream . It 's so far removed from reality . Anyway , this book was very hard to finish and really I found myself skimming through it . Not worth the cover price .
 I have read novels where the heroine was unlikeable , but I just did n't not like her , I hated her ! Her annoying self-righteous attitude ruined the whole book . I do n't know if I can bring myself to read the rest of the series .
 After reading and enjoying `` The Forbidden Lord '' and `` The Dangerous Lord '' , I had high hopes for `` The Dangerous Lord '' . Alas , this book is simply not Ms. Jeffries best . A thin plot , no danger -LRB- or dangerous hero -RRB- , and simply not enough action or romance to warrant your purchasing this book . You would do much better to order Suzanne Enoch 's `` Meet Me At Midnight '' . Let 's hope Ms. Jeffries does better next time .
 Echoing the reviews of other readers , I could not get myself to finish this book because the heroine was so unlikeable . I think the author was trying to make her out to be a very strong female character with her `` Amazon '' body but she turned out to just be plain annoying . And somehow , the hero finds her annoying personality intriguing , along with her `` Amazon '' body ... The addition of making the main characters quote Shakespeare to each other in every other chapter was also extremely cheesy ...
 This book is a wasting time to read . I actually ended up hurling the book to the wall . The heroine is so annoying and unattractive and the hero is kinda dumb to me . I do n't think I would ever recommend this book to anyone . A huge disappointment
 The main character , Griff , is probably the most annoying hero in any romance book . Whenever he saw Rosalind , he just stared at her breasts . The dialogues are full of scandalous languages . There is no tender feelings or deep emotions between the two , just physical attractions . Might save the time for other books .
 The plot was too contrived and seemed like she was trying to copy a Shakespeare comedy but failed . Too much sex , too little plot . If this was the first Jeffies book I had read I would probably never choose one again . That said , after looking at some of the ones I did read , I think she is a weak writer in general .
 A Dangerous Love was not an enjoyable read for me . I wo n't go into the plot , as I 'm sure others have already done so . However , I must say I 've discovered I 'm not a fan of light historicals -LRB- Sabrina Quinn writes more in the style of Julia Quinn and Karen Hawkins -RRB- . In addition , the heroine played havoc with my nerves . She argued with the hero all through the book to the point where I just wished someone would rescue him from her . Was she meant to be like Kate from The Taming of the Shrew , as she is a Shakespeare quoting heroine ? If you like lighter , more humourous historical romance , The Pirate Lord by the same author was a much better read .
 I am no a fan of Cindy Sheehan so this may not be a totally fair review , but that is keeping with everything that is Cindy Sheehan . This is a self serving book dedicated to why Cindy is a great person like `` Hanoi Jane . '' Do your self a favor and pass this book up unless you think CS is great , and if you do then you wo n't learn much .
 If you 're looking for a story of a true American screwball who is undermining her country -LRB- and her son 's heroism -RRB- , definitely buy this book ! However , for a more accurate depiction of Casey Sheehan , I recommend the shorter version written by Ann Coulter . The story of this great American hero who died nobly for his country -LRB- and his mother 's career as a left-wing puppet -RRB- is captured in pages 126 through 131 of `` Godless . ''
 What a terrible , awful little book . This book was horrible . Simply HORRIBLE . DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK . It was badly written , self-serving , self-centered , campy , corny , and overdone.Cindy Sheehan 's book is full of poorly-articulated grief , anger , and the pain of losing her son Casey -- emotions to which she is certainly entitled . But it is also full of badly-composed political nonsense , mostly her deranged ranting and raving about the President 's culpability in her son 's death . On and on she goes , frothing like an angry dog about Bush 's war , with all the requisite words changed just so , to little effect . `` It 's a war OF terror , '' she asserts . Yeah , Cindy , we get it , even without the bold or the italics . Neat little wordplay there.I take issue with her failure to explain how the President is directly responsible for the actions that killed Casey , or how his death is unique compared to the 4,000 + others that have also occurred in the war so far . I did a tour in a Iraq and have lost three close friends so far , with many more wounded and bearing emotional scars that will last them a lifetime . Similarly , my father 's generation had Vietnam , and his father had World War II . Cindy Sheehan fails to see the circularity of this logic , that war is a condition of human interaction , and George Bush is not the one man responsible for Casey 's death . While I honor Casey Sheehan and his decision to serve , I think it is safe to say that he would be appalled by his mother 's behavior today if he were alive to see it.Bottom line
 I have read a few excerpts of this book online . From what I can tell , it is filled with inconsistencies , errors in geography and history and relies on bogus conspiracy theories to justify the war.However , the biggest reason I wo n't read or ever own this book is because of the title . Cindy Sheehan has been quoted as saying she 'd like to go back in time to murder the president , which I guess in her deluded mind , would ensure her son would survive . Does that sound like a ` Peace Mom ' ? Not to me . Anyone who says such an immature and treasonous statement does not need to be taken seriously by anyone . I personally have no use for this ` Hateriot ' .
 What happened to her and the thousands of people affected by this is terrible , But im still not sure why she isnt protesting against the people who beheaded her son ? ... umm ... even if you dont agree we should be in war . there are hundreds of organizations out there trying to end this hatred but she chooses to use her testimony to turn people against the U.S. ! Way to make peace Cindy !
 she should be ashamed of herself , for tarnishing the memory of her brave son , who died when he VOLUNTEERED to go on a rescue mission in Iraq that he did n't have to go on ! My suggestion for sheehan is to move in with her buddy hugo chavez , and leave the country that she hates so vigorously . Trooper Casey Sheehan , I salute you . May you rest in Peace , at Fiddler 's Green , with the other brave 1st Cav troopers who have also fallen . Mother cindy , I 'm sorry for your loss , and your misguided advice .
 I 've read this book and can say that it does nothing but reinforce the fact that this woman is little more than a liberal `` hater '' who is being used by the extreme left ; thankfully , her 15 minutes are nearly up and this book can be defined as the beginning of the end.Some Sheehan facts : Casey Sheehan had re-enlisted in the U.S. Army voluntarily when he was 24-years-old , after serving his first hitch successfully . Casey Sheehan was in fact a hero who received a Bronze Star . He was attached as a mechanic to the artillery division of the 1st U.S. Cavalry in Iraq . When a convoy of soldiers from Casey 's unit was attacked in Sadr City by insurgents , Casey volunteered to join a rapid rescue force to get them out . His commanding sergeant told him he did not have to go into combat , because he was a mechanic and not an infantryman . Casey was quoted telling his officer , `` I go where my chief goes . '' He was tragically killed during the rescue attempt.Sheehan does not just lay the blame for her son 's death on evil America , though . She recently wrote
 Cindy begins her story with the birth of her oldest child , Casey . Like every other mom , she doted on him and loved him with pure and fierce love -- and she has the right to grieve any way she feels.But the book ... It is similiar to her first book with a great deal of `` stream of consciousness '' thinking that does ramble in many , many places . Her deep level of grief seems to cloud her thinking through some of her accusations , with some very odd statements . At one point she claims the motivation for the war was to build a pipeline through Iraq to the gulf -- I assume she is talking about the Trans-Afghanistan Pipeline , which goes through Pakistan and is hundreds of miles from Iraq . Something an editor should have picked up on . There are several errors of this type throughout the book . She even spoke about Joe Wilson and his wife and the leak , intimating it came from Rove , when that issue has been settled and was settled before this book would have gone to press . Again , an editing mistake that I do n't blame her for , but those who are paid to catch these types of errors.I was deeply disturbed about her day-dreaming about killing President Bush as a baby . Odd she would want to do that and not kill the hijackers that took down the towers -- it was 9-11 that inspired Casey to serve . No hijackers , no 9-11 -LRB- in a dream world of course -RRB- . The picture she paints of her standing over him as an infant is appalling and I 'm shocked it 's there . That is a fantasy she should keep to herself as it paints her as pretty out there.There are those that will attack Cindy calling her many names , but I 'm not one of them . I feel sorry for her and her loss and wish she would find a way to assuage her grief.The book is about 250 pages or so and reads pretty quickly . I read it over a couple of nights while waiting for my daughter 's practice to finish . I ended the book just feeling bad for her and wishing that she could find comfort somewhere , but I did not end up hating those that she hates . I wish she were prouder of what Casey volunteered to do -- a job many of us have n't even dreamed of doing -LRB- me included -RRB- , instead of denigrating his sacrifice , but that is her choice.I wish her peace .
 Poor Casey , gave his life for America , a cause his mother then devoted her life to bashing . Now she uses his casket as her platform to oppose the very ideals her son died to protect.What could a mother possibly do that would disrespect her child more than this ? If William Shakespeare were alive today , probably he 'd base his next tragedy on this pathetic creature , Cindy Sheehan .
 Yes I wasted a night to read this hateful screed . That night would have been better spent giving myself paper cuts on my eyelids.That said , If you are looking at this book and still are honest in your own politics then i think you should consider this . So far there are 3 war veterans who have written comments about this book . 1 a RVN veteran , and 2 Iraq war veterans . -LRB- I happen to be one of those Iraq war veterans -RRB- All of the veterans gave this book 1 star , its lowest rating possible . Secondly all of those who gave this book 5 stars are obvious leftists . Every one of them have attacked the troops and the United States . Several of them have outright attacked the veterans here and chose to name call and insult the veterans . Yet lefties scream all the time that they support the troops just not the war and that it is conservatives who hate the troops . Just from the comments here it is blatantly obvious that the leftists are liars and that when it comes down to it they hate the military.B L Baker -LRB- USN -RRB- -LRB- OIF , OEF , OEF-HOA combat veteran -RRB- -LRB- Disabled Veteran -RRB-
 it 's one thing to mourn the loss of your son ... it 's another to act like a complete nut case and align yourself with the most disgusting people on the face of this earth -LRB- Hugo Chavez -RRB- . I have to agree she is a puppet for the communist left -LRB- Hugo Chavez -RRB- . I guess some of the soldiers in her son 's unit have stated `` Cindy 's son would be totally ashamed of his mom . '' If I had to guess , I would say she is a 60 's hippie protester burn-out ! In short , support the war or NOT -- SAVE YOUR MONEY on this one !
 This book should be listed in the fantasy section . I was given this book ; I would never buy it , and am glad I did n't . All this crying and heartache from a women that has turned her back on here present family , giving up custody of her child , and she gave up custody of the son she morns so much ? She has not even put a grave stone on his grave and she can get it for free ! Cindy and her book need to go away like a bad headache .
 Just another example of this woman attempting to make a buck from her sons death . Reminds me of some of the widows from 9/11 . It 's a shame she is so controlled by other people.Don ' t purchase this it will be a waste of time.I am so over this crazy woman .
 This book is n't about Sheehan 's dead son , she does n't give a rip about him . This is about her hatred for America and her total stupidity about Iraq or anything else in the middle east . She 's a pawn for various left-wing whack jobs and is probably too ignorant to even know it . The poor old woman is ill .
 This left wing media puppet is one of the most disgusting human beings in human life . . The son she whose death she mourns so much , she gave up before he was four.She has n't even found the time to place a headstone for his grave.She embraces dictators like Chavez of Venezuela and Castro of Cuba ... Her book is a series of empty platatudes . . her hatred of America is so deep . . I think it would be wonderful if some Muslim country would adopt her so she could really see what oppression is ... But the media gives her the spotlight while not giving a voice to the Gold Star mothers who are proud of their sons ... Great book if you have insomina . . Put you to sleep as soon as you get over a well deserved case of disgust.Jack Schlatter
 The thing I hate about PreTest is that the Qbooks are not consistent ... it 's hit or miss
 You do n't want to read a book about writing that is badly written . As far as I can tell , Usborne figured that since the book is offline , it should not follow the high-impact rules of writing that he would use online.Well , online and offline writing is not THAT different ! This book is turgid and useless . Other books on the market are superior .
 This book is not action-oriented enough for me . There is too much philosophy . I was looking for a book with `` power words '' , examples , and how-to 's . I wish I could give it higher ratings , but it really bored me .
 there is not enough information about my assignment .
 Usborne says the whole heavy graphics thing is bad for business . Has he seen a movie lately ? Star Wars had more graphics than an B-2 Bomber ! Special effects are everything . There 's this guy , Michael Levine , who argues that you got ta connect with the customer in Guerilla PR
 If you are looking for a book that teaches you how to write web copy , this is n't it . After going through many of the author 's articles on the web , I was expecting more from this book.The author starts out promoting copywriters and how important writing good copy is . He constantly keeps repeating this point in several chapters . After reading the first few chapters you might tell yourself
 This is more of a survey of copywriter 's woes and the general state of online copywriting for Web sites and newsletters and for email . Not much meat and not much that can be of any real value to anyone short of those with very limited experience on the net.If you 're an experienced copywriter or someone who knows their way around , do n't waste your money on this book.I found it amusing how Usborne said that hyperlinks on the web page distract the visitor and should not be used while the author of Persuasive Online Copywriting by Bryan Eisenberg , Jeffrey Eisenberg , Lisa T. Davis is all for it.In fact , there are no hard and fast rules and we copywriters are not at all sure which way works . My personal belief is that each site is different and that hyperlinks can and do work if you write your scan words just right . But neither book addresses this issue.A novice would be , I think , better served by reading Bob Bly .
 This is the second book by Preston that I read , and I felt dissapointed when I discovered that it was extremely left-biased . Minimizes the relevance of the raising of 1934 , praises the behaviour of Largo Caballero and blames the CEDA for everything . He denies the existence of violence during the 2nd Republic and minimizes the responsibility of organizations linked with the PSOE with the violence . Of course the war was the responsiblity of the pro-fascist who delivered the coup and completed the raising , but pretending that the 2nd Republic was a modern democracy is simply out of the historical reality . Better to look for the responsibility of everyone in this war , where no good parties existed , only bad ones .
 I am a Mold Inspector and work with Remediation firms on a daily basis to remediate molds in homes , offices , etc. I have read this book and it should be revised to correct the FALSE information given about using common household bleach to clean-up mold . Bleach is ONLY good to clean-up mold on smooth , non-porous surfaces such as glass and plastic . It is obvious that the author did NOT due her homework on the best mold remediation products available . To find out what product should be used to remediate mold , buy another book about mold , such as Black Mold - Your Health and Your Home . This book reveals the problems with using bleach products and correctly informs the homeowner on an environmetally safe and readily available product to clean-up minor mold infestations in the home .
 I `` m looking for a book to find out how do I do to prevent/control mold.I 'm already aware of the risks mold brings to my family and would like to know how to deal whith it in every days bases . Instead , the autor recomends me to contract especialists and be careful whith several aspects of my insurence apollicies.I want to prevente the need of specialists and I 'm am hoping not to have to use my insurance !
 This is not a SCHOLARLY book on execution . Also it is submerged so much in detail that the author often misses his points . The book is more on interpersonal relations , communications , managing people kind of thing and very very basic . If you have some managerial experience and knowledge and know just a little about execution , you should definitely skip this book and go for some serious ones , like the one by Kaplan and Norton .
 In that respect it was not useful . However , it is written in everyday language and for those who seek a foundation of understanding it may be helpful .
 This was a great idea for a book , clever devil , secretly lurking among mortals with an inside scoop into Adolph Hitlers genesis and his formative years . Adolf was identified as a person with great promise and was nurtured and guided by the narrating devil . Unfortunately Mailer weighs the story down with too lenghty digressions into irrelevant , parrallel story lines . He chose to insert just plain old nasty homo-pedophiliac themes that have no place in the book , do n't add to it other than to inject a curiously detailed description of the same . Enough about the MF bees already , we get it . He likes bees . Too bad Mailer lost the opportunity to explore historical characters from the era with his obsession on tedious detail . DO NOT BUY .
 This is a purely scatological romp through Freud 's scheme of childhood development . I made it almost to the end until Mailer etched in a pedophilic unzipping - wow what a surprise ! I should have expected it . After that I did not want to know the ending or rather I already knew - Hitler was evil - surprise !! Move over Gunter Grass -LRB- pen name
 How disappointing . What an unreadable piece of trash . There is no real content here people . Those that say there is only say it because of who wrote it . I suspect they figure they are not intellectual enough . Do n't waste your time on this book .
 Do n't expect much from this one . The story has little to recommend it . I read it because it was Mailer . Like other old masters , their best work was a while back .
 The Castle in the Forest went way beyond the merely bad and solidly into the realm of the ridiculous and sublimely stupid . One reviewer -LRB- not in Amazon -RRB- described Mailer 's writing in his most recent endeavor as `` the vaporizings of an incompetent pornographer . '' It seemed as though the whole novel could be summed up by this phrase , something like a demented child 's ramblings with the overall effect of trivializing his subject and giving poor little Adolf the rumblings of an excuse for his very naughty behavior . I ca n't say that any editor could have done much with this epic catastrophe aside from setting it on fire -LRB- something Mailer 's subject had quite a proficiency with -RRB- . More than anything else in this novel was the unfortunate reality that it was staggeringly boring . The first fifty or so pages were among the most unreadable and mind-numbing passages in the history of literature . Am I being too harsh ? No way . This is the same man who wrote the Naked and the Dead , one of the great works of fiction of the 20th Century ! How did he get from there to here ? And I found myself harking back to his illustrious career , only to find that it made me feel less forgiving toward this monstrosity , not more.PS
 Other than the fact that there was a boy named Adolf Hilter who was born in Austria , his father 's name was Alois , and perhaps a few other very varifiable details , this is NOT a fictionalized account about the early years of Hitler . As several other reviewers point out , it is a confused story about a lower to mid-level devil who may or may not be in the service of Satan . -LRB- As we learn at the end of the book , even our devilish narrator is n't sure about the importance of the spirit he refers to as `` the Maestro . '' He suggests that there might be a power higher than Satan , sort of like the arguement , `` Who created God ? '' Mailer could n't even even get his arms around this detail . -RRB- There are great chunks of the book in which the word `` Adolf '' does not apear at all . Indeed , at one point , the Maestro assigns our narrator to Russia to do mischief at the coronation of Czar Nick II . He goes so far as to say that if we are interested in reading only about Adolf , we should flip forward about forty pages -LRB- almost one-tenth of the book -RRB- , and even gives us the exact page number . And no , there seems to be no connection between what this devil does in Russia and , as presented by Mailer , the life of Adolf Hilter . That little story turns into a literary dead end.When Mailer does concentrate on Hitler , he spends considerable time describing the maticulous care his mother used to wipe his bottom as a child , his supposed single testicle , and his methods of masturabation . -LRB- According to Mailer , Hilter was particularly fond of masturbating on leaves . Okay , whatever ... -RRB- I learned about this book in a fairly favorable review in the The New York Review . This is far from the first time that I have been dissappointed by books it has recommended . The more abstract and perculiar the book , the more they think it must have some merit . They seem to be saying
 Well , Norman Mailer writing a new book is normally a reason to celebrate , but this time around I wished I had missed the party all-together . The premise of the book is interesting enough , although it reads like heady science fiction or poor literature - a lover-level devil describes the upbringing of Adolf Hitler and a whole mythology associated with how God and the Devil interact with one another on earth , fighting for and jostling with one another over people 's lives and control of the earth . The book is well-researched , the prose is clean and smooth , but then we get to the book itself - it 's boring and over-the-top . Mailer spends so much time explaining the way angels -LRB- `` Cudgels '' in the book -RRB- war with devils and how they try to guide the course of history that I simply wanted to bang my head against the table . It 's one thing to create a mythology , but one that is explained at such a slow pace makes the reading and digesting of it unbearable . The details and intricacies of the Hitler family are wonderful , but there is an over-sensitivity to trying to explain this particular devil 's attitude and perspective that any insights into the interplay between Mailer 's mythology and the actual events is lost.When I look back on this book , I keep thinking about the strengths . Mailer structures the book around incest as well as familiar historical events that makes you woder how the book could n't have been a success . And yet , the story simply plodded on and there was no suspension of disbelief at any point . One critic compared it to Lewis 's `` Screwtap Letters , '' but that does n't quite cut it as the philosophical implications are n't to be taken into account here and the writing simply is n't as good.For Mailer fans , this will be a good enough read , but for everyone else , go pick out some decent biographies of Hitler and some WWII movies and you 'll be much more entertained .
 Norman ! Norman ! Norman ! At the end of your wonderful literary output to go on about Adolf . It is all over - this is a new and much more terrible century . There is only one positive response to this miserable obsession - go straight out and buy a copy of The Deer Park , and savour again its poetry and its relish for life .
 This is a good example of what happens when a publisher lacks the courage to tell a famous author that he has a lousy book . From premise to execution , this book absolutely sucks .
 I wasted a couple of evenings plowing through this simply awful book . Awful not just for the subject matter but because it is so poorly written , clumsy and ridiculous . It 's Mailer 's self-indulgence at its worst .
 This was my first Mailer novel , and from what I 've read - both between the covers of the book as well as the reviews here on Amazon - I chose poorly.We 're led to believe this is a story of Hitler 's formative years . When you look at the bibliography , it seems Mailer intended -LRB- and produced -RRB- something of a historical fiction . However , while we see much of Hitler 's ancestors -LRB- particularly his father and his difficulties with the zipper -RRB- , and a little of the young `` Adi '' , it almost seems to me this is more of an musing on the workings of good and evil - God and the Devil , from the Devil 's perspective - with an infamous product of this struggle as context.If I were to Twitter a riddle regarding Castle in the Forest , I might write , `` What do you get when you cross The Rolling Stones -LRB- Sympathy for the Devil -RRB- , Freud and Oedipus Rex ? ''
 For me this was a very difficult book to read . My punchline is that `` The Castle In The Forest '' is n't worth the difficulty.The novel does n't enlighten , stir or engross . At least not for me.Mailer , I think , seeks to use the imagination of the novelist to reveal more than shown before now about the nature of monstrous human evil in perhaps the greatest Evil Archetype , Adolph Hitler , the Fuhrer , whose early boyhood years when presumably much of his personality was formed is not known in the factual detail for which historians would hope and , many would say , similarly our knowledge of human psychology is not up to that task anyway , no matter how much we might know of Hitler 's early life . Mailer 's implicit promise is to take the known history of Hitler and his circumstances and , as a fiction writer , imagine that deeper shadowy psychology and those ill-understood or unknown experiences of Hitler from which to give us a sense -- really , something of an explanation -- for the darkness , scale and horror of Hitler 's horrific actions.Is the quest feasible or must human evil remain not a mystery but an inscrutability , at least for now , given our understanding of ourselves?In my view , evil certainly remains an inscrutability in `` The Castle In The Forest . '' Mailer falls back on , and awkwardly attempts to fuse , two old ideas as sources of insight into human behavior , especially evil
 I have no idea what this book is intended to be or do . I can tell you what it is not . It is not an account of Adolph Hitler 's youth that explains his adulthood . He barely appears in the book until the very end and we learn nothing about him that is in any way provocative , interesting or fresh . The book principally concerns his father , Alois and his womanizing , beer drinking and beekeeping.The book is not an account of the good and evil in men or at least not a searching or interesting one . Ten pages of Conrad , e.g. , are more instructive than the nearly 500 pp . here.The book is not an exploration of the divine comedy or economy . The Manichean accounts of God 's weakness -LRB- but apparent dominance -RRB- and the devils ' strengths -LRB- but limitations -RRB- are done in a very simple and sketchy fashion . We do not , e.g. , receive extensive information on either the divine or demonic spiritual hierarchies and the implicit theology of the book is elementary and , to be polite , strange.The book is not a nonfiction novel . It is not a true crime book . It is not a bildungsroman . Structurally and generically it is a hash . It is , however , an interesting exploration of life in late 19thc rural Austria and the work of a Customs bureaucrat in search of a hobby . The demonic narrative of D. T. / Dieter/Jr . Devil is almost totally irrelevant to the story and can be largely forgotten while the book is being read . The book does hold your interest and it has moments of insight.For a time I thought that the book was going to become some grand allegory on a contemporary political subject , but that turned out not to be the case -LRB- except in an aside or two -RRB- . My advice to potential readers is to pay no attention to most of the editorial reviews of the book . What they say , by and large , does not correspond to the principal thrusts of the book . They are telling you what they expected the book to be , not what the book is , and they are either cutting Mailer a great deal of slack or seeing the book as a flawed masterpiece . Actually , the book is fine -- if you want to read about Alois Hitler 's life as a customs officer and beekeeper .
 You 've got to hand it to Mailer , into his eighties and his ego not only undiminished , but still growing . What do you do after taking on Christ in your last book ? Why , have a stab at Hitler . Not big enough ? Make sure that the reader knows that Hitler was helped by the devil himself . Mailer is going to leave behind a few million published words and among them , those willing to sift are going to find some of the best fiction ever written by an American . Those who come across bad Mailer , of which there is plenty , are going to wonder what the fuss is about . His career would have been a lot less tarnished , but a whole less interesting , if he 'd stopped writing in 1950 . But here we are , sixty years after his first novel , reading a book where devils , Evil Ones and devils of a lower rank are busy interfering in human history . It 's hard to know if Mailer is actually serious , but hundreds of pages later , you presume he has to be . Maybe Mailer suffers from the greatest problem of the great writers - the lack of an editor with enough gumption to cut the bad stuff . A bit more of that and he might have saved a decent 200 page about Hitler , rather than a sprawl from the mind of a boorish attendent to the Devil .
 There is something extremely plodding about this book , which truly surprised me . A novel , narrated by an underling demon , tracing the development of the evil that animated Adolf Hitler sounds like a fascinating , delicious premise . Instead , it is the framework for banal insights about Hitler 's mundane Freudian hang-ups . Even the demon underling assigned to his `` case '' does little more than observe the small , sneaky , cold-hearted kid grow up.But , in the end , what special ingredient the demons may have mixed in with the banality of Hitler 's congenital evil to create the extraordinary evil of the mature Hitler is n't addressed.Perhaps that 's the point . There is no explanation . But it was frustrating to continue reading , reading , reading in hopes of coming upon a kernel of fresh insight that is n't there .
 I have to tell you ... there have been VERY few books that I have not been able to finish in my many decades as a voracious reader . This was definitely one of those books . I agree with one of the other reviewer 's comment that the first 50 pages WERE mind-numbing and hard to follow . About 1/2 way through the book , I gave it up . Its all over the place and its just ... AWFUL !
 Mailer gives us an early childhood scenario of Hitler , a description of his surroundings and a look into his moldings of becoming a monster . His family is described as well . the problem with this book is that I never really felt the growth of this demon dictator . maybe it was written in such nuance that escaped me but I wanted to more vivdly paint a picture ofr me . It didnt .
 As a work of fiction this is a fine book . Mailer is a great writer and as I do n't think this was one of his finest works , it was still an enjoyable read . What I was a bit irked by was the lack of focus on what I thought was going to be the central plot of the novel - Adolf Hitler 's childhood . This was a book about his father Alois mostly . It detailed Alois ' childhood , relationships , work , children , retirement and death . As soon as he died there was 20 pages left in the book . Yes , you can say that we can gain some sort of insight into Adolf 's life indirectly by seeing what a person his father was but this is not very complete . My expectation was that you would see sections of his father throughout his life , sections of his school friends , deep traumatic experiences and what inevitably started him down the road of politics . The ending of this book left me feeling very incomplete , almost as if there was a second volume somewhere that I forgot to purchase .
 This is a strangely disappointing book . I guess I expected some clear connection with Adolf Hitler , some bit of evidence or conjecture that would make the man more of a creature like us . Instead , Mailer has seized on the old rumors about his family , his father , incest , and has drawn a picture that suggests the damage Hitler may -LRB- must -RRB- have suffered as a child . It is in short Mailer 's imagination we are dealing with here , and his alone . There is nothing here for the historian , and perhaps that was my mistake . I was thinking historical fiction when I began reading it . There is virtually nothing of history present in the work . And worse , we learn nothing new about Hitler . A disappointment .
 This was the most boring , insipid waste of time I 've read in a long time .
 What a disappointment . Where did Mailer come up with this idea for a novel ? Half way through it and I just could n't continue -- a total waste of good reading time .
 I was very upset by this book . I stopped reading it after three chapters . Norman Mailer is a deeply disturbed , dirty old man . The book had less to do with Hitler than with Mailer 's bizarre imagination . While no one would dispute the fact that Hitler was a horrible man , Mr. Mailer mind seems to dwell in a sick and twisted world . This book does nothing to enlighten us . It is demeaning to the human spirit . I benefited not at all and felt that if I had continued reading I would be `` dirtied '' .
 This book is fantastic . It 's definitely the seminal text in medieval cultural studies , and everyone should have a copy who wishes to study this topic . The problem I have is with this precise edition
 Nothing new here ... I have been waiting and waiting for this book and was very sad that it was so terrible
 I rate this book 2 stars relative to Cornwell 's other work . It is the first book by him that I will not save for a future re-read . The issue is that the main character 's motives make no sense and in no way are noteworthy . Nate is not a functioning fictional character.But as a fan I will try # 3 in the series just to see if the Cornwell majic returns at all .
 Following in the tepid footsteps of Rebel is Cornwell 's equally disappointing second tale of Nate Starbuck-a young Northerner who fights in the Confederate Army during the American Civil War . Starbuck is a very weak hero for Cornwell to hitch his Civil War series wagon to , and it 's hard to care very much about his adventures . As in the previous book , comes across as more of a reflexively rebellious teenager than a heroic man of action . While it would have been interesting to see Starbuck really struggle with himself about the morality of his actions in joining the rebellion , the bulk of such internal conflicts are actually left to his best friend , Adam , who is a Southerner born and bred , and bullied by his father into uniform.In this installment , Nate is drummed out of the `` Faulconer Legion '' by its commander , the vain , inept , and rich Gen. Faulconer , who hates him . This leads him to a Richmond prison cell , accused of being a Northern spy , all of which gets him enmeshed in the spycraft between the states . This rather conveniently dovetails with the activities of Adam Faulconer and Nate 's own straight-laced brother . The spy material is rather interesting , with the appearance of real-life Alan Pinkerton as Union spymaster . The South 's attempt to deceive the North as to its true manpower is particularly fascinating , and is portrayed by Cornwell as an element in their avoiding early defeat , along with Gen. McClelland 's timidity.While these semi-historical asides and speculations are interesting , the best part of the book is the walk-on cameo by a French Army observer Patrick L&eacute;sawn . Yes , he is the son of rifleman Richard Sharpe -LRB- hero of Cornwell 's infinitely better Napoleonic series -RRB- , and a vastly more compelling character than Starbuck . Indeed , one wishes Cornwell had decided to show the Civil War from within his eyes instead ! Over the course of the book Starbuck displays a moral cowardice that makes him more and more unlikable , especially his pathetic treatment of his brother , when his brother reaches out to him . I 'll continue the series in blind devotion to Cornwell , but these first two in the series are pretty weak .
 The title grabbed me at the very beginning . -LRB- I just wrote an essay on this topic so I was very interested . -RRB- That is , until I saw the price . $ 108 for a book ? No way I 'm buying it . If you wan na sell your book , give it a WAY lower price .
 Because of its glowing reviews and my strong interest in learning more about Edinburgh and Scotland , I had high expectations for this book . I was very disappointed . It assumes that the reader has a strong knowledge of Scottish history , so the neophyte will not learn much . Yet , the book is written at such a superficial level that a knowledgeable person will learn nothing new . As another Amazon reviewer points out , the book is essentially themeless and has no point of view . I know that the book received many positive reviews , but it is difficult to know what audience will get much out of it . I hav n't been this disappointed in a book for a long time .
 The prose is hard work and repetitive . The story takes a long time to get going and is designed to keep you interested but only serves to get you more annoyed . Sorry Cornwell but this is not a best seller .
 I barely managed to finish reading it , whereas a typical Cornwell book is so excellent I can hardly put it down .
 THOUGHT THAT IT WILL BE LIKE AGRINOT BUT I GOT MIXED UP IT HAS A LOT OF ROMANCE
 This is a recycled Romance novel -LRB- circa 1983 -RRB- by Susana Kells -LRB- Presumably Cornwell 's wife -RRB- . Maybe he rewrote a bit of it ; maybe he just attached his name to gain greater readership . A Bernard Cornwell bloody adventure novel it is not .
 I thought this book started out terrific , by the time I got 2/3 of the way through , it seemed simply a device to put a helpless , childlike woman through a series of captures/tortures so she could be rescued by a hero . Perhaps I am used to today 's more modern heroines who show some resourcefulness and grit , or perhaps I missed the point of this book altogether .
 Do n't judge Bernard Cornwell by this book . It 's simply not up to his usual standard of work . As I understand it , he co-wrote the book with his wife some time ago . I bought it hoping it would be a typical Bernard Cornwell novel and it simply was n't .
 It all goes downhill after the wonderful title . Makes you wonder if the same person who came up with it also wrote the book . It reads much like one those old paperback romances where -- after much agonizing and many misunderstandings -- the heroine and hero fall into each other 's arms at the very end . -LRB- I do n't know if they did in this book or not . I assume so , but I 'll have to confess that I gave up three-quarters of the way through , and I almost never do that . -RRB- How realistic is it that a 25-year-old very rich Daddy 's girl in Texas , who admits to a fairly wild life and has attended several colleges , has never had sex before ? That 's what you 're asked to believe . And the hero 's `` manhood '' is described as his boyfriend in his pants ! Aw , c'mon . It 's fine to have a book without lots of explicit sex , but make it square with the real world -LRB- or give us a reason to suspend our disbelief -RRB- . I could have overlooked all that if the girlfriend scenes in the local beauty shop had come across well , but I did n't find them funny or touching or even well-written . Probably I was jaded by that point.If you 're intrigued by the title , I 'd suggest waiting till the paperback comes out .
 Really have nothing good to say about this book . Only sorry that I wasted my time reading it .
 I am saddened by how far popular culture has sunk in recent years . I disliked the crassness of this book . It was trashy and it disappointed me .
 If you want a book that 's trite and requires the use of absolutely no brain cells , this would fit the bill .
 Mr. Cornwell is most famous for , I believe , the Richard Sharpe series of books , which I must say I enjoyed very much . But as I am a Civil War Reenactor and hold the War , the South , and those who fought in the War , very close to me heart , I can not compliment this book on the basis that it is unoriginal and fails to take into account not only new motives for fighting as it does the difference in combat of the era.This is Richard Sharpe all over again , man comes up from the bottom of society with the helo of some powerful people and the Army and is in a constant battle with people who want to put him down , its the 1800 's all over again and it simply wont do for a completely different era of combat and culture.This notion of an officer coming up from the ranks was great for early 19th century British army , as it was a career Army . But the Civil War lasted 4 years so this whole notion of an Officer coming up from the ranks and still using a musket and not being able to shake his old enlisted style , is rather absurd . Especialy in the South , this could possibly happen in Northern Armies but not in the South , officers WERE Gentlemen and most of the time vice-versa . Its not only that the notion , as stated , is absurd , but the fact that Cornwell glorifies it is even worse . Now I know he 's just playing on our like of the underdog , but in the South and Officer was a Gentlmen and should act like one , so this refusal to act like a proper Southern gentlemen , event hough he is from the North , just does n't work for me . And we wonder why all his supieriors try to put him down.The combat scenes also just do n't work for me . New style of combat , and through the war it gets progresivly bloodier and more horrible -LRB- Wilderness anyone ? -RRB- so this early 1800 's aproach to combat just does n't work in the world of 1860 's warfare.To be fair though , Mr. Cornwell provides a good read , Its just me being the big CW guy that I am I ca n't stand to see it misrepresented , maybe its because he 's a Brit ? Or a Bostonian -LRB- I think -RRB- for that matter -LRB- just kdding kind of ... -RRB- I just personaly think Cornwell should stick to what he writes best - British Historical fiction mainly .
 One of my favorite writers of historical fiction kicks off his Civil War series with this remarkably tepid tale . A number of flaws make themselves manifest over the course of the book , the foremost of which is an unlikable hero . Cornwell seems to have decided to take the hero of his wildly successful Napoleonic era series , Richard Sharpe , and make his new hero come from the exact opposite background . Unfortunately , while one is naturally inclined to root for an orphaned , gutter-bred , ill-mannered rogue who rises through the ranks due to sheer merit , one is much less likely to root for the privileged scion of a Boston abolitionist preacher who joins the Confederate forces as an act of rebellion against his strict upbringing ! Indeed , while Sharpe grows and learns a little in each book , the only thing Starbuck seems to learn in this first volume is to devalue human life ! Indeed , his overall transformation seems rather forced.It does n't help that Cornwell appears to be creating the same setups as in the Sharpe series , giving his hero a dangerous and loyal sidekick , a passel of idiotic officers , with one or two sprinkled in who recognize the hero 's value . There 's even a tempting woman to lead all the men astray ! It 's also rather slow and plodding compared to the Sharpe books , although granted , it appears to be designed more as a prelude to the series than anything else.The story follows 20ish Nate Starbuck , as he enlists in a local Confederate force being mustered by the fabulously wealthy and dangerously vain father of his best friend . The book sees the slow build to war , as the `` Faulconer Legion '' equips and readies itself , before finally getting into action at the Battle of Manassas -LRB- aka Bull Run 1 -RRB- . The battle/action scenes are adequate , but not as gripping as his Napoleonic stuff . I suspect this may be because the Civil War is more familiar to us Americans &#65533; we 've seen it in print , on TV , in film , even reenacted ! &#65533; whereas the Napoleonic battle has the allure of something new.As always with Cornwell , there 's a ton of interesting little details , and various historical figures popping in and out of the plot . He does seem to play rather loose with a number of facts , but it is fiction after all . I 'll read the next in the series , but this one was a serious disappointment for this Cornwell fan !
 I was hopping that this fictional account of the civil war will have the same riveting battle scenes and in-depth account of the human struggle as the war escalated , but it was quite disappointing . Starbuck and all the other characters are two-dimensional . Also the future of how each characters turn out by the end of the novel is quite predictable . Therefore , I know I would n't be reading the second book .
 This is a wonderful series of books covering the civil war from the Southern viewpoint through the eyes of a Yankee sympathetic to the Southern cause through highly stretched circumstances !!! Superficial at best , enthusiasts will be left wanting . When one knows the author is British , one wonders why he would try to write this historical fiction when he has no feel for the genre ... and it shows ; it lacks feeling .
 I 'm familiar with other Cornwell novels -LRB- the Richard Sharpe stories -RRB- , and he 's a wonderful writer , so the problems with this series do n't have anything to do with writing ability . Part of my problem is that , to my taste , Cornwell picked the wrong side to write about . But what I ca n't get around is that given Prof. James MacPherson 's recent scholarship on the writings of Civil War soldiers , Why They Fought , WHY would Cornwell , who is I 'm sure very much aware of MacPherson 's research , create a protagonist who does n't have much of an opinion on the war and joins up just to spite Papa ? Civil War-era soldiers were among the first really literate modern armies . They thought about the war , they argued it out among themselves , they wrote about it to their loved ones . Most of them , on both sides , knew exactly why they were fighting . I just ca n't buy a hero who does n't know or care why he 's there , and I think the `` callow youth who grows to learn of honor and true courage on the field of battle '' is just too , too obvious . Hit us over the head , why do n't you . I have better hopes for The Winter King
 The book originated as a short story based on an actual cathedral break-in in Dublin , Ireland . I would love to have read the original story -- you can almost put it together from reading the interactions between the Gargoyle Paddy and Francis Templeton . Sadly , what fills in the blanks is a very interesting travelogue of Dublin and some history of Irish politics and church Reformation . If you 're into reading that kind of history , you may want to check out a more authoritative source . `` St. Patrick 's Gargoyle '' may be a good book for young adults if you can find youth readers that can keep their attention on the book . Some passages are truly evocative , especially when Kurtz writes about Francis Templeton and his love for his old Rolls , Phyllida .
 A third of the way through the novel and still there 's no conflict and no plot , just a tour of Irish cathedrals by a character I hardly care about . It started off wonderfully , but quickly lost my interest after the initial `` chase '' scene . I fought heavy eyelids for one dull paragraph after another , finally gave up . If this was the last novel on earth , I 'd work harder to get through it , but there are far more interesting reads available . I expected far better from this author .
 Up until 1/3 of the way through , I loved this book . Charming characters , & a wonderful premise.Then , for some absurd reason , Ms. Kurtz introduces a plot device that spoils the whole book : Because of a vaguely-defined & ill-expressed reason , anybody who personally witnesses proof of the existance of God , must die , by Divine command.How VILE !!! Ms. Kurtz has reduced the Almighty to the status of a common terrorist or hoodlum , `` eliminating the witnesses '' . It could have been great , it ended in a fashion that was at best , unattractive.The Hipster gives it a Big Thumbs DOWN !
 The idea that gargoyles are really avenging angels set to protect holy sites is a good one , and rife with possibilities . The execution of the idea , however , is almost offensively bad . The tone of the writing careens wildly from phoney sentimental to flip . -LRB- Really . instructions from God are from `` the Big Guy '' ? -RRB- . The Dublin atmosphere is just a list of Church names and some street names . The characters are barely sketched in . The plot is cartoonish . I ca n't imagine an adult readership for this . As for children , I would expect that the audience would be readers who are absolutely and indiscriminately excited by anything dragonlike . Otherwise , this is so bland , derivative , and sketchily written that it probably could n't hold interest .
 After reading EATS SHOOTS and LEAVES , I was anxious to read these three comic novels by Lynn Truss . She goes from being hilariously funny to going on and on like someone detached from reality . With only the first of these `` comic novels '' to pass judgment upon , I would be sure that this author is schizophrenic ; or , at least schizoid . I 'm disappointed in Ms. Truss and would not recommend this `` Treasury '' to anyone . Eats Shoots and Leaves is a classic which any and all `` wordsmiths '' appreciate .
 I was so excited when I saw this new book by Cornwell ... and then I started reading it . The story is long and boring and never seems to reach a climax . They move rocks , then move them some more , then there is a bit of a story about the brothers , their lovers , and their gods , then the rocks go a little farther . It seemed Cornwell was trying to address too many avenues in the story without focusing well on any one point . I still have n't been able to finish it unlike the Warlord Chronicles that I could n't stop reading .
 I have heard Bernard Cornwell talk about this book . One of the smaller points he made was his preference for a novel to be told within the lifetime of one of the characters . It is precisely this preference that is one of the reasons that `` Stonehenge '' fails.The building itself we all know to be fantastic . The fact that it was built at all is incredible given the period of Stone Age man . So it is surely pushing things too far to suggest that the people that built Stonehenge did so quickly , and not only that but built two henges on the same site as history tells us as quickly as the author suggests?Coupled with this we are faced with a theme that is far more epic than Mr. Corwell 's 500 or so pages have portrayed . Another problem that the author has tried to overcome is that for all its majesty and folklore heritage , Stonehenge is simply a building . To write a novel about its construction is surely too much to ask of any writer . I feel as though a novel set against the backdrop of the construction would allow for a far more interesting novel than has been produced . The difficulty lies in all the technical babble that Cornwell employs to explain the ins and outs of how Stone Age man managed to erect the huge stones . We get bogged down in those details which are quite often rather confusing.The story that is written around the building is also a bit disjointed . Saban 's time in Sarmennyn I thought never wholly convincing . Nor did I think that all the treachery , death and magic flowed very well . It could be that if more time was spent by the author exploring these themes rather than the construction , we might well have had a more rounded and enjoyable read.It is very unfortunate also , that `` Stonehenge '' came hot on the heels of the magnificent `` Arthur '' series . It would seem that because the cast of `` Stonehenge '' is earlier in time than that of `` Arthur '' , the author has made a definite decision to make them more savage and violent . There may be some sense in the theory of that sentiment , but it sits a little ill when the plot is weakened by an unending stream of deaths that leave the cast constantly changing and seldom settled . If we did not have this pervading sense , more characters would have lasted longer and we could have had a more rounded cast . Perversely , the opposite is true of those characters that do go the distance . I found myself constantly thinking , `` they should have died by now . '' and other such thoughts.There was a story to be written about `` Stonehenge '' , but I feel that Mr. Cornwell 's effort was flawed on too many fronts for this to be called a success . Bernard Cornwell can be brilliant , and I sincerely hope that his new trilogy on the 100 Years War is a successful return to the heights of the `` Arthur '' novels .
 ... but I was n't able to get far in this book . I came to it with high expectations , for I 've enjoyed Mr. Cornwell 's hard-bitten sailing adventures and his Richard Sharpe series , and thought he might make a go of it with Stonehenge . I am intrigued why and how Megalithic monuments were built , and archaeology can only provide nameless clues . However , after a few chapters I could no longer take the primitive dialogue and unlikable characters.After reading a number of other equally unsatisfying pre-historical novels , I think the problem may not be mine , but is the general difficulty , for any author no matter how skilled , of writing a good story out of whole cloth , with no written , personalized , historical framework . After all , we can assign not a single person 's name to Stonehenge ; there are no chronicles from this pre-literate time . Thus there 's nothing to force a real structure into a narrative , to present known conflicts of interest . We have no set of expectations for an author to work against , or surprise us by . This situation is quite different from writing truly historical novels set in ancient Egypt , Greece , Rome , the Middle Ages , or , potentially , China -LRB- see the Judge Dee series -RRB- and now the Maya . Instead , for a Neolithic or Paleolithic story , an author has to be fabulously creative , constructing a whole intricate world of social and economic relations as well as engrossing characters , from almost sheer imagination . Maybe it will take someone with talents in creating science fiction or fantasy worlds to do it right , or perhaps a collaboration . -LRB- Or I may , unfortunately , simply not know who has done it already ? -RRB- I still have this book , in hopes I gave up too early and I 'll give it another go someday .
 ... . uninteresting , repetitive . This book has been a huge disappointment . The themes of the story were repeated again and again , the characters were superficial , flat and simplistic , and the only really interesting part of the book was the depiction of the techniques used to move the stones & build Stonehenge and the afterword , where the author spoke a little about the era and his research . But then , if I wanted a construction manual , I would have bought one . I wanted also a story , and there was none . Do n't buy this book , if you absolutely want to read it borrow it from a library . And can someone who has read Cornwell 's Arthurian trilogy inform me if it is similar to Stonehenge before I go ahead and buy it despite my misgivings ?
 I picked up this book because I 've always been interested in the topic Stonehenge is on . So when I saw this book , I thought that it had everything going for it . Bernard Cornwell is , after all , one of the best historical fiction authors out there . The story , the writing , or the subject did n't disappoint me , but some other aspects that definitely took away from it . I 'll address those later one.Stonehenge tells the story of three brothers , Saban , Camaban , and Lengar . Our hero is Saban , and we follow him throughout his life as he is raised in his father 's clan . Unfortunately , his brother Lengar is a power-hungry pig and kills his father to be ruler of the clan . Lengar 's quest for power causes him to go to war with another tribe , while on the side the third brother , Camaban , is trying to convince Lengar to do otherwise . He thinks they should make piece by creating a temple to the gods . Thus they begin building Stonehenge . During all of this , Saban is trying to survive , and eventually settle down with a family . But he is having trouble with that , because he is in love with a woman from the tribe they are fighting.First of all , I 'd like to say that Cornwell is an amazing author . His style is modern , and put to an ancient setting gives the book an interesting feel . I liked the way the facts and the researched information fit in with the engaging plot . The book may get a little bogged down with the details , but overall , I was n't bored . There was enough action to keep the book moving me engaged.As to what went on in the book itself , Saban is always trying to do the right thing for others and him . He is self-sacrificing , and makes friends easily . That 's not to say he does n't have his faults , because he does have a bunch , as well as the book.This brings me to the book 's major problem . There are heavy sexual themes . There is n't anything drastically explicit , but there are some very suggestive scenes . Scattered throughout the whole books , little things -LRB- and big things -RRB- pop up . I wo n't go into detail . Many aspects are simply part of the culture of that time and place , but I think Cornwell could have toned it down significantly , at least , or removed it completely . This kicked the book down quite a few steps.Moving on.Bernard Cornwell is known for being violent and gruesome , and he lives up to it here . As I said earlier , there are some human sacrifices . Cornwell does n't stop at merely say what happened , he goes into detail . We imagine the axes coming down on not only adults , but also young children . People are also burned , cut up , bludgeoned , and spiked in the name of the gods.The violence and gore is not limited to sacrifices either . Other happenings include , but are not restricted to , brutal battles with spears and arrows and swords and knifes , and sticks and stones , all doing their bloody work on the enemy , sequences of murder , child killing -LRB- outside of sacrifices -RRB- , painful things like characters cutting themselves , and the list can go on ... and on.I personally do n't have a big problem with some violence , but when an author describes human sacrifices -LRB- with children being sacrificed as well -RRB- in graphic detail , I 'd say he 's gone too far . Another example , at one point a priestess cuts up her own child and uses the bones as decoration on what clothes she wears.To tell the truth , if Bernard Cornwell had cut out the sexual content and toned down the violence significantly , I would highly recommend this book . The only other negative elements that I can think of are that the book may be a bit too long . It drags just slightly in places . Though it 's not enough to make me put it down , he could have picked up the pace . Another thing is that he spends a lot of time detailing how Stonehenge was built , and at times did n't focus enough on the main character.Other than what I have mentioned , Stonehenge , as literature is a pretty solid read.Bernard has brought us , yet again , another well-researched , incredibly detailed , brilliant novel of a time we really do n't know much about . He brings life to the times and to the characters , making us want the hero to succeed , and making us want to keep reading to find out what happens despite the fact that it may drag slightly in places.Unfortunately , he throws in an unhealthy dose of sexual content and inappropriate violence , making this book unworthy of my bookshelf . Was it worth the read ? No , not really . With a lot of editing , this novel would work very well , but it falls short not because of poor writing and inaccuracies , but because of a few aspects that could easily have been avoided.I recommend you stay away from Stonehenge . There must be another book out there on the subject .
 I absolutely love Mr. Cornwell 's novels . Thomas of Hookton was an excellent character and I have found his adaptation of the King Arthur series incredible . However , I feel that Stonehenge is not as good as it could be . I had to literally trudge through the book . I expected something big or suprising to happen throughout the novel . The characters fell flat and the story was terrible . If you are a Cornwell fan , skip this one .
 Three brothers -- a conqueror , a mad shaman and a regular guy turned builder -- work both together and against each other to create the temple that we now call Stonehenge.Although I normally enjoy Cornwell 's books , this one did not work for me . The primary reason was the shallow characterization . I never cared about the characters ' fates or felt a sense of tension or excitement . They lack depth and none engaged my sympathies.The society Cornwell portrays seems somehow limp and tired to me , with little to make a reader sit up and take notice . There are some interesting bits , but overall I just could n't find it engaging.A strength , and a place where Cornwell 's research did show , was the depiction of the building of the temple itself ; the backbreaking work as well as the artistry . The illustrations are invaluable . Having seen Stonehenge , I know it 's astonishingly beautiful , and that does come through here .
 I have never read anything by Bernard Cornwell , and eagerly picked this up hoping for another _ Pillars of the Earth _ or _ Sarum _ . Unfortunately , this book echoes those only in the broadest sense . Like those books , this features human drama set against great erections in England . Unlike those books , this one did not seem well-researched or relevant . Cornwell , by setting this book in prehistory , has the luxury of creating his own mythology . This leaves him free to do as little research as possible while still writing what seems to hope to be a weighty tome . The one feature that is unchanging -- the topography -- is only referenced in the endnote acknowledgements . I do not profess to know anything about Stonehenge , and thus felt disappointed by being unable to place the oft-mentioned landmarks in any type of context . The story of the brothers is interesting at points and tiresome at others . All in all , I left this book disappointed .
 I have read many of the Sharpe novels , but this is nothing like it . I had to persist to get through this , rather than being swept away and enjoying the ride . It just did n't capture me .
 I am quite familiar with Mr. Cornwell 's work . From the Sharpes series to Saxon stories , I usually find his work intriguing and his characters brilliant and beautifully flawed . This is the exception.I 'm not saying that every protagonist in a work of historical fiction should be a warrior or a hero , but they should have at least some redeemable quality other than being obedient . Saban , the protagonist , is about as complex as a Labrador who wags his tail when his family comes home from holiday.If you enjoy reading about cuckolded , cowardly , and weak men , then this is the book for you . I really had high hopes for this book , but after the first hundred or so pages , it ended up being Bob Villa 's neolithic guide to stone masonry . Unsatisfying !
 I started this book with great anticipation as I like novels about the pre-historic era-and I like Mr. Cornwell 's writing . However , I was extremely disappointed.It seemed very contrived to me , very long , very boring . I did finish it-I kept thinking it would get better . It did n't . I enjoyed the warlord series , the starbuck series and the sharpe series . All excellent . This one ? Do n't bother .
 This work is not among Cornwell 's strongest . I am not quite sure what he was trying to accomplish , but he explored the same issues and descriptions , relentlessly . While I expect that in a series , it just became tiresome . The plot was somewhat transparent and not to his usual mark . I would recommend that you reread any of the Sharpe novels before reading this book .
 A BIG CORNWELL FAN ... IVE READ ALMOST ALL HIS BOOKS , INCLUDING LAST BURNING LAND ... I SEARCHED HIS NOVELS . . CAME UP WITH THIS UNREAD BOOK , WISH I MISSED IT ... NOT MY CUP OF TEA . . I HOPE HE GOT THIS MESS OUT OF HIS SYSTEM
 A 470 page novel that feels like a 1000 page novel . The reader is overcome with paganism which , even the author seems not to care about .
 I bought this book at Stonehenge on a recent visit . I found the book unrelentingly depressing ... you come to care for characters who live out unheroic , hard , sad lives . I can accept that some of the historical details are a good reconstruction , but find that the narrative need n't have taken the turns it does to convey the information .
 At least the first several chapters did , and from what I am reading from the other reviews , most people agree.I did n't finish it . I just decided that I will not be continuing with this a few minutes ago . And given that many people here say that the most interesting part of it is the description of how they all moved the stones around , I do not think I am missing anything.I get it . Time were tough 4,000 years ago . Disease . Violence . Death . Etc. . But they did n't have novels or stories back then to read when you are trying to relax either , and therefore that life , when transcribed to fiction as literally as it is here , -LRB- we presume -RRB- just does n't make for pleasurable reading . I want to read about people 's turmoil , not feel as though I am right in the middle of it every time I sit down to listen to a chapter . There has to be some semblance of character for modern people to relate to . As I read it I realized the author was more worried about describing every zit , missing tooth , scar and crap stain on every person in the novel than he is getting us to care about any of them . A mean , cold , cruel world is established , and nothing about it is redeemable . Hence it is unreadable and boring.Same goes with endless descriptions of hills , valleyes , tree lines , rocks , grass , etc. . I detest authors who give such detail at the expense of everything else . All we get is a perfectly described ravine in our minds that proceeds to mean nothing.And what was up with the nearly constant references to people 's groins ??? People grabbing their groins to appease the gods ... priest rubbing religious relics all over his groin as part of a ceremony . Kids squeezing a man 's groin hard in order to escape . An old sorceress grabbing an 11 year old 's groin to try to scare him into submission . -LRB- The moment I pretty much decided I no longer wanted to continue with this book . -RRB- And that was just up through chapter four ! Every 5th page someone was doing something to somebody 's groin !!! And who know how many times it showed up in the rest of the book . I understand having to create an anthropological trait amongst these fictionalized ancient people ... but then to have half the violent acts in the book ALSO involve groin squeezes ? Something is n't right about that.Not to mention , I was listening to this on CD , and the narrator is AWFUL . The voices he uses for different characters are at times so nasal and high pitched -LRB- not to mention obnoxious to the point of nausea -RRB- that no matter how closely I listened , I could n't understand what was being said . -LRB- I just assume they were saying , `` I 'm going to squeeze you 're groin . '' -RRB- I normally hate giving up on a book , but yes , it 's over .
 I am a huge fan of the author . I loved Heretic , The Last Kingdom , and The Winter King . Stonehenge was a huge disappointment to me .
 `` Stonehenge '' by Bernard Cornwell is a complete departure for the author of the Sharpe series . Frankly , I did n't like it very much . Maybe it was the pacing , which was slow or the character development , which was shallow . I never got the sense or feel of the times . Luckily for me I picked the book up at a bargain otherwise I would have felt cheated . I finished it only because Cornwell is one of my favorite authors.Perhaps it is because I could n't identify with the main characters . The lead characters are brothers , namely Saban , Camaban and Lengar . Saban the protagonist , is the perpetually young warrior , hero and builder . Saban 's crippled brother Camaban , is the tribe 's sorcerer , kook and priest . Saban 's oldest brother Lengar , is the obligatory antagonist , villain and tribal chieftain . None of these characters are interesting , all of them seem merely to be props to tell the story . I can accept this type of fiction by some other authors , especially when used in short stories but here it seems shallow . I do n't think Cornwell allowed the readers a chance to get into the heads of these people.I think most people knew it took Britain 's Neolithic inhabitants years and years to build Stonehenge . After all they barely seem to master fire , metal tools and planting crops . But I thought the story could have been much more interesting and exciting . Cornwell paints a picture of people who were brutal war-like savages . They applied blue tattoo scars to their bodies to signify the number of people they have killed . Ordinarily Cornwell is the perfect author for this type of job , all of his other works are great but he never carries it off .
 i was drawn to cornwell 's stonehenge because of his powerful work in the winter king , enemy of god and excalibur . stonehenge drags , has none of the superb characterization or exciting action of these other books . i found it slow and boring , a disappointment .
 I have finally hauled my way through to the end of Stonehenge . There were a number of times when I was close to not bothering , but I had hoped that in the end something interesting or significant would happen to make it worth while . It did n't . The problem with many of Bernard Cornwell 's novels is the lack of depth of the characters , and this is even more noticeable here . It does n't matter so much in books like the Sharpe series , as the recounting of historical events is fascinating . The `` Sharpe '' charaters have familiar sounding names and we know the world they inhabit . The problem with Stonehenge however is that the environment and culture are so foreign that it is impossible to relate to them.In a novel like this therefore , it is imperative that the characters are interesting , well developed , and important to the story . This is not the case with Stonehenge . By the end of the book we feel like we know no more about the main characters than we did at the beginning . Traumatic events -LRB- such as the death and rape of friends and relatives -RRB- happen to most of the characters , but they are recounted with all the emotion of a shopping list.Stonehenge may be an excellent work of historical fiction in the way it explains the construction of the stone circle and the philosophy behind it , but that could have been achieved in 100 pages . The rest of the book is devoted to the lives of characters with so little emotional depth that it is very difficult to care what happens to them .
 Did I really say that ? I did , did n't I!I can hardly believe that Cornwall came out with this fanciful tale of the origins of Stonehenge . He really would have been better to have left this a mystery . I believe I only fought my way through the book because it is by Cornwall and I knew it must soon get better . Sadly it did n't . The plot is dreary , the narrative childish and simplistic , the setting is fanciful with a whole era in history -LRB- apparently -RRB- , with it 's own customs and religions , invented solely for this book . I consider the whole effort a sad waste of Mr. Cornwall 's prodigious imagination and talent.I have read everything this chap has ever written and loved it all ; I really do not know what he or , perhaps more importantly , his publishers were thinking about when they decided this project was good enough to go to print.Avoid this book unless you are looking for a cure for insomnia !
 I hate when a book gets so boring , stagnent and full of dead ends that I have to give up . This was one of those . I 'm surprised that this author is so popular -- was this just a bad egg or are the rest of his books like this ? -LRB- As a guide
 This work certainly does not show Cornwell at his best . The plot is thick and slow , and the book is really boring . Stick with Sharpe , Starbuck , or even Redcoat for much better works than this one . Avoid .
 I really , really wanted to love this book . It 's about the building of Stonehenge , and pagans in old England , so I thought it would be perfect for me . Unfortunately , it was one of the most boring books I ever read.There is just nothing interesting about this book . Lots of people are evil , lots of people age really fast , and nothing is described well . I do n't even have that much to say about it . I just thought it was incredibly boring and a tad gross . And why are the gold bars always being described as lozanges ?!! Two stars . I ca n't really recommend this to anyone .
 I bought this book on a whim and did n't not care for it . Throughout most of the books was some Texas humor that I enjoyed however I did n't care for the hero . There was very little chemistry that I felt between him and the heroine . The plot was iffy too . There were points in the book where I had to stop and say `` What on earth '' . For myself I did not enjoy this book and ended up skimming many pages .
 Well , I guess if you are in 5th grade you would find this book funny and would live in Texas . Poorly written , terrible plot . Written by two sisters with way too much time on their hands . How this ever got published is beyond me . I did not find this book funny at all . And why would a woman who LOVED her husband decide to divorce him to be a rodeo barrel queen ? Good thing I bought this used .
 I gave up on page 30 and just quit reading . The heroine came across as a silly , flighty little girl and I just could not take anything she said or did seriously . I could n't force myself to keep reading .
 I bought this book because of the good reviews . I read it last week -LRB- i.e. less than 7 days ago -RRB- already I could n't remember anything about the story even to the extend the names of the hero ! It is so forgettable that I feel I had wasted 4 hours of my life reading it . Could I demand a refund on my time , please ? I gave this book 2 stars only because I am a sucker for the Lylic colour on the cover .
 Really Two & a Half Stars : Being a fan of Sara Bennett 's books , -LRB- Lily & the Sword '' , `` Beloved Highlander '' and `` The Rose & the Warrior '' , -RRB- I looked forward to reading `` Once He Loves '' . From the beginning of the book I found myself confused as to the character of Ivo - was he an oaf ? - was he an interesting man ? It was difficult to determine . Once he displayed his sexual talents , he came more to life , but thoroughout the story I found difficulty in feeling who he was - something was missing from the whole book , and it was depth and clarity of characters and story . As for the herione , Briar , she was so prickly and confused most of the time , it weakened her character , and you simply lost interest in her . -LRB- have you noticed how fragmented and confused female heriones are written ? -RRB- If she called Ivo a `` disgraced Knight '' one more time , I would cringe . Sara Bennett usually writes strong , clear characters and stories which are great to relate to . However , in this book I do n't think Ivo was given his due , and Briar became more and more fragmented as the story progressed . -LRB- SPOILER here -RRB- As for Jocelyn , how could she continue to hide her secret in the face of Briar 's revenge ? It just did n't make sense and overall did n't flow well . Sometimes you get the feeling the authors are so pressured to release a book a year by their publishers , they just spin them out.Anyone can put words on a page , but it 's those talented authors who move you and make them come alive . -LRB- Mary Stewart `` The Crystal Cave '' ; `` The Princess & the Barbarian '' by Betina Krahn ; Dark Queen Trilogy '' by Susan Carroll -LRB- book 1 `` The Dark Queen '' - book 2 `` The Courtesan '' , book 3 `` The Silver Rose '' ; `` Once a Warrior '' by Karny Monk ; `` The Pize '' by Julie Garwood , and `` A Kingdom of Dreams '' by Judith McNaught -LRB- although I bought 4 books by J. McNaught this was the only book I enjoyed though .
 One of the worst books I 've ever had to endure as a history major . It has a lot of abstract information , so it is great as a supplement for papers , but gods if you have to read the whole thing you will need to expect a nap every ten minutes .
 OK -- I am sure that this book provides a fine historical account of the Hoplites but at $ 32 for a Kindle download , I will never know . I would caution Amazon that one of the -LRB- maybe the best -RRB- virtues of the Kindle is the affordability of its selection of books , new or old . If we are to see more books come in at prices greater than a paperback price -LRB- to $ 15 -RRB- then the Kindle goes into the bedside table drawer .
 Mr. Hanson seems to feel there 's some particular moral virtue in a style of war where the height of strategy is to put your head down and run at the enemy like a bull at a gate . And that nothing is necessary but righteous enthusiasm.As the son , grandson and great-grandson of professional soldiers -- mostly in the service of the British Empire -- words can not express my disdain . My ancestors spent their professional lives butchering just such patriotic agrarian amateurs like sheep.As the poet put it : `` The ` eathen in ` is blindness Bows down to wood and stone ; ' E wo n't obey no orders Unless they is ` is own -- ' E keeps ` is side-arms sloppy ' E leaves 'em all about . Then up comes the Regiment ; An ' we punch the ` eathen out ! ''
 I am a fan of some of Burgess ' works , but this book should be rejected in its entirety . Animals do not have the capability to relate emotionally with their environment as suggested in this book , and such a misrepresentation could cause children to form a grossly inaccurate understanding of wild animals in their natural environment . To demonize the practice of hunting without even acknowledging its role in conservation is ignorant and short sighted . When writing children 's books , please check your personal agendas at the door .
 An unreadable exposition of the unknowable , or at least the ineffable . When Aquinas awoke to the realization that all his work was as straw , he probably did n't imagine that Milbank and company would be trying to send us back into that scholastic sleep one day . A little apophatic humility would n't go amiss here .
 I 've read a lot about this man and was surprised to find a book about him in my local bookshop . However , I was dissapointed when I finally got down to reading the book and actually got so bored I did n't finish it!It unfortunately reads like someone 's Masters thesis . This attempt at writing is abissmal , and should never have been printed before a decent -LRB- mass-market -RRB- editor looked at it . Could have been a lot better is really all I 'm saying .
 My boyfriend completed suicide four months ago . I have purchased almost every book here on Amazon regarding suicide . I was tormented by the `` whys , what ifs , if only '' day and night . Needless to say , I am desperately in need of finding answers to comfort me , and to make a little sense of my boyfriend 's suicide.I finished this book feeling confused . I do not need to read all the statistic , and cultural backgrounds , I am not a researcher . I need answers that can help me coping with this incredible lost . Sorry , but this book is completely useless to me.I would high recommend the other books `` Why do people die by suicide '' and `` nights fall fast '' Those are the two great books help me the most .
 After a bleak assessment of the current situation , the Iraq Study Group offers 79 recommendations -LRB- this is a bipartisan report , after all -RRB- to achieve President Bush 's stated goal of an Iraq that can govern , sustain , and defend itself.To figure out what the report is really saying , focus on the must do recommendations -LRB- versus the should dos -RRB- . They add up to this
 Science Fiction is a passion of mine and since this book has been treated as such I feel it is appropriate for me to review it . Because of the mass quanities of information about this book and the Study Group 's findings , I found myself saying , `` I already know that '' when I was reading it . Because information on the war is constantly being updated and reassessed this type of report in book form seems outdated so in my opinion readers are much better off keeping up with details on diplomacy and troop deployment strategies from bloggers and pundits than buying this book . However as a novely item in your library for house parties I say go for it .
 In terms of being of value to the reader , I think the Iraq Report fails for multiple reasons.To start with , there is the panel 's decision to only look forward . I felt the main value of the 9/11 report was the fact that it documented events leading to the attack on 9/11 , and provided me with quite a bit of context which I would otherwise be unaware of . I presume the panel 's decision to not look backwards was based partly in Baker 's desires to fulfill his duty to the public as well as maintain his loyalty to the Bush family . If this is the case , I think he provided a disservice to both.With this decision , the report focuses solving the problem going forward . I think this renders the report irrelevant as :1 . Few of the recommendations are being actively pursued , which makes their inclusion in the report a moot point .2 . It may be based in my partial naivety of world politics , but it seems that many of the recommendations are not realistic . For example , the report stresses the necessity of participation from Iran and Syria in order to secure success - yet my understanding of the situation leads me to expect that Iran has no desire to help . In fact , the report itself expresses the fact that Iran has some interest in keeping our hands tied in Iraq.Either way , with the exception of a brief discussion of the current state of affairs , the report does little to inform . It does do a bit to explain how bleak the current situation is , but that is hardly a revelation . The recommendations themselves do n't appear helpful . And as time goes on , they are quickly becoming irrelevant . The only positive that seems to have come from this report is that it has sparked some discussion . The report itself falls short .
 The first thing that one notices in this report is the lack of real politick . The report writes that Syria , Iran , Saudi Arabia , Jordan and Egypt should be involved in creating a stable Iraq , but the study never answers why those countries want this to happen . Those countries are benefited by an unstable Iraq , because 1 . -RRB- it makes the U.S. look incompetent 2 . -RRB- it focuses attention off their countries problems -LRB- with Iran this is particularly applicable . -RRB- and 3 . -RRB- As long as Iraq is divided it is not a threat to anybody else in the region.Some of the writing still reflects the prevalent view of the administration that as soon as the Iraqi military `` stands up '' the U.S. should `` stand down '' . For instance '' ... the United States should significantly increase the number of U.S. military personnel , including combat troops , imbedded in and supporting Iraqi Army units . As these actions proceed , U.S. combat forces could begin to move out of Iraq . '' Besides reflecting past administration thinking , the report presents some very nave statements as well . For instance , the report states that `` many Iraqis are embracing sectarian identities . '' First off , Shias , Sunnis and Kurds have always embraced their separate identities . Just because Iraq was run by a malevolent strongman from 1978 to 2003 does not mean that these groups bought into Iraqi nationalism . That kind of ethnic disparity has always been a powder keg , and when the U.S. invaded in 2003 , the fuse was lit and now it has exploded.A salient point that the report stresses is that the threat in Iraq is not a monolithic Sunni insurgency . Rather , the threat in Iraq is not only the Sunni led insurgency , but also an internecine Shia power struggle . It is clear that the report itself is very much against a three state solution , but it remains to be seen if this solution is viable . At the very least , pushing the three state solution would clarify the issue for the several countries in the region.What we could do then.Say , for instance , the United States pushes the three state solution , thus creating three separate sovereign countries in Iraq . -LRB- Shia ` stan , Sunni ` stan and Kurdistan . -RRB- It would therefore follow that Turkey would be enraged by this because of their large Kurdish population in the southeastern portion of that country . The Sunni 's would also be outraged because most of the oil reserves are located in the north and south of the country . Iran would not support the devolution because they would be concerned of a massive influx of Shia refugees from the middle part of the country . Saudi Arabia and Jordan would also be concerned with a resultant population shift.Thus , insisting on the three state solution would push the regional powers to become a part of the solution rather then part of the problem . This would give both these countries a carrot and a stick ! The administration would then say `` Look , we know that you benefit by the status quo , so we are going to make a radical departure in our strategy by pushing the three state policy . '' Basically , the United States and it 's allies would call those country 's bluffs by saying if you are not going to help Iraq stabilize then the only option is three states . That would be where the report should have gone , but instead it was more prevarication , group-think and empty words , which is how we got in this mess in the first place .
 Do n't waist your good money on this complete waist of paper , time , and money.You want a review
 The war in Iraq has already been won . The Iraq Surrender Group is not adding anything to the discussion here . Anyone who studies history should know that wars are best left to the decisions of generals , not politicians . Just ask Adolph Hitler . He tried to micro manage his armies during the Second World War , and caused several magor blunders which ultimately cost him the war.The liberal media keeps touting the casualty figures . Three thousand dead , hmmm ... let 's think about that for a second . No major US war was ever fought with fewer casualties than this one . World War Two cost us 400,000 dead . We lost more marines taking the Island of Iwo Jima than the entire nation of Iraq.These casualties are a result of us using great restraint . Rather than just indiscriminate bombing , like we 've done in wars past , what our military has basically been doing is very similar to brain surgery . Smart munitions and special ops teams have taken out only the bad guys , leaving the peaceful people -LRB- and yes , most Iraqis are peaceful people -RRB- unharmed . Most of the civillian deaths can be attributed to insurgent activity . I think the insurgents have noticed that the US gets blamed for all civillian casualties , and that is why they indiscriminately kill anyone they can with car bombs , suicide bombs , or whatever desperate means they can muster.The insurgents have only grown weaker and more desperate with each passing year , and something like this book can only encourage their efforts .
 Another common-sense book that could have been written by any American voter with a functioning brain . A perfect companion to the 9/11 Report . Soon to come
 When this book starts with the supposition that these are some of the things that the United States should do , it negates the fact that the United States has done a significant number of those things and does not distinguish between the things it is doing and should be doing.Additionally while contributing a solution to the war on terror in Iraq , the group failed to outline the specifics of strategy necessary and used ambiguous terms that could mean many things to many different people.What I found most troubling about the report though was the arrogance of these folks . While this is well intended , the United States is a sovereign state and we are assisting our new friends in Iraq who are also a sovereign state . Iraq is not a providence of the United States and that relationship , however unique in the world right now , does not make Iraq the 51st State or an extension of US foreign policy . There are channels that even our state department officials and their diplomatic corps must work through . There are intelligence channels in the largest CIA office in the Arab world being worked . The US military in Iraq is working in a unified chain of command with the Iraqi 's to secure their borders and Baghdad.The problem however , is not adequately addressed through this report and that is the brain-drain in Iraq that has occurred from 30 + years of tyranny and war . This is the core issue that fuels the sectarian fight and smart people can help Iraq rebuild its basic services and infrastructure that has been destroyed by more than the United States presence and the war there.There is another problem with Iraq that the report does not even attempt to touch . Where is the rest of the world ? After all these , are State Department Heavy weights ? How about Saudi Arabia and Kuwait restructuring and forgiving significant amounts of war reparations from Saddam Hussein still owed by the Iraqi people and government . It is 2007 , let us move on , and forgive . How about the mighty European nations who currently are n't part of the coalition of the willing ? They have seen what two world wars can do to their home lands . They know the death and destruction and have lost their taste for war . How about some significant contributions in humanitarian assistance instead of the people in the crowd pointing fingers and attempting to look `` too cool '' to get their feet sandy and roll up those sleeves and get some humanitarian aid in there and how about some oversight so the oil-for-food thing does n't repeat itself.Let us get the EU to shift their oil purchasing power away from the tyranny in Iran and encourage growth in the Iraqi government by buying Iraqi whose government is doing its dandiest to be more pro western than any other Muslim government in the world with the exception of Turkey.How come these ideas were n't on the table?How about the use of American forces specifically in changing the rules of engagement in the country . If Americans are fired on , we are going to kill you period . If you hide in a mosque , we will hunt you down and kill you . If you use your religion and innocents to further your political aims , we will kill you.How about pressuring the Russians to assist in Iraq rebuilding by forgiving the Iraqi debt and to stop selling terrorist guns.Let us really get serious about the problems . They had many good starts in this book but it definitely did n't do enough ... and talking with the Iranians has n't done the EU and Japanese any good ... a liar is still a liar and after all they 've stated they want to blow us up ... are there reasonable people in the government or have they all been exiled , jailed or killed as was the case in a totalitarian r&eacute;gime like Iraq ? Just something to consider .
 As Daniel Pipes expounded upon on the New York Sun , The Iraq Study Group Report , cobbled together by ten individuals lacking specialized knowledge of Iraq , dredges up past failed U.S. policies in the Middle East and would enshrine them as current policy.Most profoundly , regarding the American role in Iraq , the report moronically splits the difference of troops staying or leaving , without ever examining the basic premise of the U.S. government taking responsibility for the country 's minutiae , such as its setting up public works projects . Instead , the report unthinkingly accepts that strategic assumption and only tweaks tactics at the margins.A preposterously lengthy list of 79 recommendations lies at the heart of the report . These include such gems as bringing in the -LRB- Saudi-sponsored -RRB- Organization of the Islamic Conference or the Arab League -LRB- no. 3 -RRB- to decide Iraq 's future . Another creates an `` Iraq International Support Group '' that includes Iran , Syria -LRB- no. 5 -RRB- , and the United Nations secretary-general -LRB- no. 7 -RRB- . Other brilliant recommendations call for the UN Security Council to handle the Iranian nuclear problem -LRB- no. 10 -RRB- and for the support group to persuade Tehran to `` take specific steps to improve the situation in Iraq '' -LRB- no. 11 -RRB- . Right . The Iranian regime , whose president envisions a `` world without America , '' will save Washington 's bacon . Such counsel smacks at best of what the Jerusalem Post calls `` staggering navet&eacute; '' and at worst of ghastly foolishness.Of course , small minds assert that problems in Iraq are `` inextricably linked '' to the Arab-Israeli conflict - thereby repeating the precise mistake that lead co-chairman James A. Baker , III , made in 1991 . He then led the effort to abandon the Persian Gulf and turn to the Palestinians , leaving Saddam Hussein in power for another dozen years and contributing directly to the present mess . In the new report , Mr. Baker and his colleagues call for a Palestinian state -LRB- no. 12 -RRB- and even demand that a final settlement address the Palestinian `` right of return '' -LRB- no. 17 -RRB- - code for dismantling the Jewish state . They peremptorily declare that `` the Israelis should return the Golan Heights , '' in return for a U.S. security guarantee -LRB- no. 16 -RRB- . Besides the astonishing conceit of these Olympian declarations , one wonders how exactly the Iraqi civil war would be ended by pleasing the Palestinian Arabs . Or why the unresolved Arab-Israeli conflict is any more relevant to Iraq than the unresolved Azeri-Armenian conflict , which is closer to Iraq.James A. Baker , III , instructs the president how to use the `` Iraq Study Group Report . `` To make matters worse , Mr. Baker had the nerve to admonish the Bush administration not to treat the report 's 79 recommendations `` like a fruit salad , '' choosing one idea while rejecting another , but to accept it as a whole . Even in Washington , a town famous for arrogance , this statement made heads turn . That Mr. Baker and his co-chairman , Lee Hamilton , sat for a picture spread with famed photographer Annie Liebovitz for Men 's Vogue , a fashion magazine , only confirms the vacuity of their effort , as does their hiring the giant public relations firm , Edelman.In all , the Iraq Study Group Report offers a unique combination of bureaucratic caution , false bi-partisanship , trite analysis , and conventional bromides.Although the press reacted to this drivel , in the words of Daniel Henninger writing in the Wall Street Journal , with `` neurotic glee , '' Robert Kagan and William Kristol deemed it `` dead on arrival , '' and Iraq 's president , Jalal Talabani , called it `` dead in the water . '' One hopes they are right , that President George W. Bush ignores its recommendations , and that this `` new lipstick on a very old pig '' -LRB- Spencer Ackerman -RRB- quickly disappears from sight.That 's not to say that Mr. Bush should `` stay the course , '' for that course has not worked . A host of creative ideas have been floated by individuals knowledgeable about Iraq , sympathetic to the administration 's goal of building a free , democratic , and prosperous Iraq , and not tempted to see their role as an exercise in preening . The White House should call on these talented individuals to brainstorm , argue , and emerge with some useful ideas about the future American role in Iraq.Doing so means breaking with a presidential tradition , going back at least to 1919 , of what I call a `` know-nothing '' Middle East diplomacy . Woodrow Wilson appointed two completely unqualified Americans to head a commission of inquiry to the Levant on the grounds , an aide explained , that Wilson `` felt these two men were particularly qualified to go to Syria because they knew nothing about it . '' This know-nothing approach failed America 87 years ago and it failed again now .
 History will yet be written of the second Iraq War and the Bush presidency , though one will need wait decades to learn of its judgment . While conclusions remain unknowable it seems likely that the Iraq Study Group report will sit high on the list of crucial primary sources . Yet how does one judge such a text ? One can read such works as Rick 's `` Fiasco '' or Suskind 's `` One Percent Doctrine '' and make a critical analysis of the quality and detail of its information . Yet the Study Group made a political decision to look forward and not back , so one can not judge it for its completeness or it research . Therefore , one must instead look at on the basis of its own mission , to present the best possible way forward in Iraq . On this count however , it succeeds barely , if at all.Despite its decision not to take the Pentagon or White House to task for failed analysis , poor planning , rosy scenarios , and often mind boggling inept decision making , the report does offer a view of the situation on the ground in Iraq as it now stands . The picture is to say the least disheartening . The central government stands as one of the weakest political actors on the scene , its survival wholly dependant on the protection of US forces . Most crucial actors survive only by remaining in the ` Green zone ' quite likely the most heavily fortified military base on the plant . Violence continues to spiral out of control as the population increasing Balkanizes . National identity is fractured into tribal and ethnic loyalties . Basic services continue to erode , with an actual decrease in electricity and clean water availability from the Saddam regime . Indeed , while the report does not come out and say it , one may conclude from the description that the average Iraqi may well be worse off now , in a greater state of material privation and imminent threat of violence than under Saddam . A shocking thought given the Bathist regimes puncheon for torture and retaliation . So terrible is the current situation and so shocked were a majority of the committee members by what they learned during their tour of Iraq , that they considered offering an interim report in October because of their surety that most Americans failed to understand that country 's dire state.Of course in the end they issued no interim report having been held to a promise of unanimity by the ever deft Secretary James Baker . And indeed , it is his influence that contributed to what one can only conclude is the reports failure . Secretary Baker an able thinker , as most suspected , in the end served two masters , the American people and the Bush family to which his loyalty is legendary . The result ? He failed them both . Wishing to not paint President Bush into a corner with too dire an assessment he offered instead a hodgepodge of ideas none or even all of which could in any probability lead to American success in Iraq . Speak to Iran ? While the Administration 's childish notion that be willing to talk is an incentive to change behavior remains absurd , Even Secretary Baker admits Iran has little interest in extricating the US from the Iraqi bog . More fully engage in the Israeli-Palestinian issue ? Good policy perhaps , but does anyone seriously imagine Shiites and Sunnis are killing each other in Bagdad because of lack of progress on the moribund ` road map for peace ? ` Sophomoric commentators of the Limbaugh school have unsheathed the long knives , wondering what such a commission would have told FDR in 1943 . As ever , they miss the point . In WWII the Pentagon and the White House as well as the vast majority of the American people understood well the road to victory , conquer and occupy Germany and Japan . Indeed , the evidence of this unanimity , unlike in the present conflict , is the acceptance , indeed praise for those who critiqued war planning , such as Harry Truman who won the Vice Presidential nomination largely based on the venom with which he went after war profiteers . Now , a defensive administration , having never built serious and stable popular support for the current war treats all criticism as disloyalty . The Limbaugh ilk might find a better analogy in imagining such a commission to the allies in World War I urging a retreat in the ill conceived and ill fated Gallipoli campaign , thus saving 250,000 allied soldiers from a senseless battle and early graves.Examining the current situation with a critical and non-political eye one can only conclude that there is no way in the current situation to achieve victory of the sort President Bush persists in imagining . Whether victory was at one time possible , assuming sufficient troops and planning , will remain a question of debate for decades . But in the current situation , Iraq continues to disintegrate and the very notion of loyalty to the central state daily recedes further onto the horizon . Iraq , an artificial entity ever held together by the threat of violence will either soon cease to exist or emerge only as the result of genocide . Remaining in place in the hope that a civil society will emerge depends on dreaming instead of reality.What conclusion should the report have reached ? The only one of the less bad solutions that has the hope of success now stands as either outright division of the country or the fig leaf of some sort of loose federalism . All of this will require what the Bush administration has been loath to do , much to the detriment of its influence , threatening to abandon the situation if our allies refuse to compromise . While Shiites and Kurds may claim to stand steadfast , the former will likely react with dismay if the US suggests it may need to open direct talks with radical Sunnis through the Saudi auspices . As for the Kurds , a people whose suffering at the hands of past US betrayal stands to my nation as an eternal shame , sharing a percentage of oil revenue will be infinitely less painful than abandoning them to Turkey 's tender mercies by renouncing American protection.None of these conclusions are good . Like Johnson approached by the wise men , there remain no good options . Having spent a fortune in American treasure and infinitely more valuable American blood , the Bush Administration leaves the nation less safe than it found it , the prestige and sympathy garnered on 9/11 alchemical converted to hate and bile . None can know what history will judge , but where we stand now , the greatest looser in Iraq is the US and the greatest winner Iran , a grizzly end to an ill conceived and arogant adventure .
 You thought `` 50 ways to leave your lover '' was bad , now you can read `` 79 ways to surrender to your Enemy '' . The NY Post have labeled Lee Hamilton and James Baker `` Surrender Monkeys '' and I think it is fitting.Of the 79 ways to surrender , neither Lee or James mention any ways to WIN the war in Iraq . Only ways to surrender and allow terrorist groups to gain power in the region.What if we had a German Study Group when we were losing to the Germans , or the Japan Study Group when we were losing to the Japanese and both of these congressional studies gave us 79 ways to surrender to our enemies . Would the authors be hung for treason or paraded around as saints giving the `` True '' Gospel on what is happening on the Battlefield?The Report is written in 6th grade level english so as to be palatable to the public . But if you pay anything for this book , you are the idiot sheep willing to go to the slaughter.Go to the Institute of Peace website and download it for free . . that way you will not get `` Buyer 's Remorse '' for paying hard earned money for a document that will get you and your children murdered by Islamic Terrorist if followed to the letter .
 I read enough of this book online to get its gist
 Does anyone have a problem with people profiting from a study done with our tax dollars on a war where our countrymen and women are being killed everyday ? Not to mention that this study was done to find out exactly how much our government had screwed up . Is this a joke?We as Americans own this and countless amounts of other information that we are either outright denied or charged a fee to access . Knowledge is power , you do the math .
 This `` study group '' report is nothing more than anti-American leftist propaganda . It proposes that America `` win '' the war in Iraq by surrendering . Cut and run is a policy that will not lead to peace . Instead it will only lead to the next 9/11 . We can either fight the terrorists in Baghdad or we can fight them in New York City.Fortunately we have a President right now who understands that terrorism must be defeated . Our Commander in Chief has said numerous times that the war on terror would not be easy , yet liberals like the author of this book want to surrender and declare victory . With real leaders like Bush in charge we will not leave the fight against terror to our children . This fight is the calling of our generation.One star for presenting zero factual information .
 I take the time to write reviews of books I have read because the reviews of others are such a great help to me when I consider buying a book or getting it from the library.This is a review I have thought long and hard about . I am somewhat concerned that I have a different take on the book than the other fine reviews , so get it from the library and if I am wrong buy it : -RRB- The book is written by a young man who says he had a `` challenging background '' and left college in his junior year at the age of 18 to `` follow my gut to write a book '' after he `` felt the path I was on - the standard go to college , get a good job , get married , make babies , and so on -- was no longer inspiring . `` He wrote that a few years ago and I am not sure if he has changed his mind about getting married and making babies but anyone who makes those choices based on `` inspiration '' probably has a questionable decision making process.The fact that he made a success selling his first book and then became a successful speaker does not , for me , suggest that what worked for him is good advice for other 18 year olds , or `` twentysomething 's '' nor that he has much wisdom to impart . Because most of the book is stories of other people 's experiences and conclusions and only part is based on the author 's logic and philosophy the book has merit.He dedicates the book to `` twentysomethings who bravely leave the paved path to pursue their authentic path . '' The dedication bothers me because I believe it is possible that a lot of twentysomethings who are on the paved path may be on their authentic path . He goes on to say that he `` became focused on addressing this twentysomething search for meaning '' . This book , though there are many great ideas in it , does not deliver on that focus.The author talks about creating a `` tag team '' people who will help you get to where you want to go without getting paid . I am just not sure how many twentysomethings know all that many people anxious to help them without getting paid . He talks about ethics and says that somehow `` treating people the way you want to be treated '' is tied into ethics . Having worked in the corporate world I know that ethics and treating people in a certain way are simply not related . Ok , so he was a business major that forgot to take an ethics course , no big deal but it might confuse readers.Some of the author 's suggestions are really right on , especially useful to those trying to change their position in the social and / or financial order . I was thinking of using this book in a course for students because the author 's first book was used by so many universities but was disappointed in the content of his second book . I will get his first book from the library to see what he has to say in that book.My recommendation is get the book from the library , read it and get the gems that are there but weigh each concept proposed carefully to determine if it really rings true for your goals and values . There is simply nothing wrong with doing what you want and are happy doing , even if it is staying on a beaten path .
 I am a teacher , and was encouraged to read this by a non-teacher friend . Granted , I am already prejudiced against `` teacher memoirs '' - but this one is another in the already full genre of cliched , stereotypical , `` young pretty white girl saves poor minority kids '' books.Like Erin , I too came from a fairly privledged background and have spent the past 21 years with urban high school students . I can certainly sympathize with her struggles . My problem with the book , however , is not the subject matter , but the self serving quality of the writing . The author says she wants to write about `` lessons learned from the Freedom Writers , '' but what I saw more of was a focus on the teacher herself . For example - Gruwell often refers to how other teachers felt threatened by her -LRB- and her tailored clothes and string of pearls , no less ! -RRB- . Give me a break ! Also , she makes it very clear how often she dug deep into her own pocketbook for the students . Does this make her heroic ? If so , then I know hundreds of other teachers who should earn that title . Unlike Erin Gruwell , though , these other teachers I know did not leave the classroom after only a few years . The real heroes are the ones still in there , doing the job day by day - with absolutely no time to write memoirs!If you 're not a teacher , you might find the book entertaining , but realize as you read it that Ms. Gruwell 's situation is not unique -LRB- despite her attempts to make it seem so -RRB- . If you want to see some real heroes , visit your neighborhood public school .
 After looking forward to reading this book , so I would be inspired to better serve my students , I was extremely disappointed . This should be read only as a memoir of a very fortunate , privileged girl who was able to accomplish success with her ONE class of students because of her rich connections.In my opinion it should not be a required reading in any education course , giving future teachers the idea that `` breaking through '' to tough students is as easy as Mrs. Gruwell made it seem . It took her only two days , as a student teacher , to engage the `` bad boy '' in her class . And she did it by asking a couple of questions about football!New teachers need to realize it takes more than that , and if you do not have Ms. Gruwell 's opportunities , such as speaking personally with Steven Spielberg , it will take much more dedication and perseverance than Ms. Gruwell had to demonstrate.I had a difficult time justifying what seemed to be her superficial values - she referenced being a cheerleader four times in fifteen pages - to the themes of tolerance and equality . She obviously is ambitious and self-confident - two positive qualities , but I could not ignore her negative portrayal of her colleagues and her obvious ego.I would hope new teachers are encouraged to collaborate , rather than compete , with current teachers for the betterment of all students . In the case of this memoir , I would definitely like to hear `` the rest of the story '' from the other students and teachers at Ms. Gruwell 's school.I do not recommend this as any type of teaching tool . It is simply another memoir . I know many teachers who could write a much more realistic , inspiring autobiography .
 I 'm a journalist who often covers education issues , and I wanted to read this much-touted memoir.My first impression was how how poorly the book is written . Erin Gruwell is heralded as an English teacher among English teachers . Yet , her writing seemed to be somewhere around a ninth-grade level . And this is after an editor at her publisher has poured over it and prettied it up . Who knows what the original draft looked like.Then her tale seemed so self serving . She connected with her students , but I did n't see any connection that was so terribly unique.Gruwell 's story kept reminding me of a teacher I know who sends out press releases and attempts to get the media involved in her class at every turn . The teacher I know has had plenty of press , but it 's because she has the editors ' e-mail addresses at the ready . Not all teachers are media hounds . I could n't help but think of her as I read Gruwell 's book.This overall story is just so cliche that I need to see something extraordinary to seperate it from the slew of others out there.I hate to seem so negative , but anything less just would n't be truthful.The poor writing , self-serving tone and cliche 'd plot leave everything to be desired . Pass on this one , folks .
 the movie is a total bomb in every way , starring high school dropout hilary swank as a teacher trying to convince kids not to ... drop out . the real story is a rehash of stand by me , the substitute , etc. i 'm sure you could find 2 dozen previous examples of ` teacher who believes in at-risk youths ' or ` teacher who cares when no one else did ' . and they 'd all be better than this nonsense . in addition , the kids -LRB- from all backgrounds -RRB- are all so cliched it 's ridiculous . pass on this book .
 I began this book as a big fan of Erin Gruwell . I loved her spontaneity and creativity in the most difficult of classrooms , with the most challenging students . However , as I read , I discovered that she kept the same students for four years , and even encouraged them to seek her help beyond high school ! What happened to teachers preparing students to survive and excel on their own ? But even then , I was willing to give her a break . After all , these WERE the most challenging students and no one else really wanted to teach them , despite more senior teachers throwing their weight around strictly on principle.But then I continued reading and learned that the author got out of teaching entirely within -LRB- I 'm making an educated guess here -RRB- five or six years , four of which she spent with the same 150 students . Now she 's a speaker . At that point , I quit reading . Yes , her sacrifices and successes were impressive , but if all teachers were to burn themselves out or move out of the classroom after such a short period , where would that leave our students ? What about the upcoming classes of difficult students ? They simply miss out , I guess . That 's not what teaching 's about.Sorry , Erin , but you have to stick with teaching for most teachers who read your book to truly admire you . Replicate your successes year after year , with different students , instead of with the same ones who get to know you and your methods . Then I 'll be glad to give you the credit your undeniable teaching talents deserve .
 This book is okay . I wish Erin did n't portray herself so perfectly all the time . She always does the right thing to an annoying extent . She has so many resources and calls in so many favors to help her students , plus she spends her own money on them and gives them rides everywhere . Lucky students !
 This Non fiction story is noway useful or entertainment to book readers in North America . Better be released in Central America . This story tells about how many people and how long the Central Americans are flooding to the USA which develops more criticizing mentality towards Central Americans . This story also tempting the people who wants to travel to the USA . She did n't need to go through a life threatening journey to write this book . Non fiction story is not just a story , we need to think about artifacts . Of-course this book is useful for students who study English as a second language for vocabulary .
 We had to read this as part of my freshmen orientation for the university I attended . Almost everyone , including fellow students as well as my professors , found this novel to be extremely repetitive and not a very engaging read . The author does a poor job of creating a linear narrative for the story , and the myriad of places and people Enrique encounters are not really explored at depth . His relationships with the people he meets along the way are essentially ignored , and I came away with the impression that Enrique literally did not have a personality whatsoever . I realize that this is a -LRB- mostly -RRB- non-fiction account of a difficult journey , but the best journalists make their subjects interesting and human ; Ms. Nazario fails in both respects .
 It was badly written and not worth reading.The story was really ugly and the author did not do much to make the reader want to help the characters .
 I had to give up on this book as I felt like the author was just never able to advance the story beyond Enrique 's multiple attempts at trying to enter the United States . Definitely compelling material but Ms. Nazario 's inability to move the story along , in my opinion , left me feeling like the book was a really awful Groundhog Day that just kept playing over and over and over again . Maybe I 'll try it again in a few months but definitely left feeling letdown that the book could not live up to what I thought would be a great piece of literature .
 What the people do to overcome their poverty and separation from their mothers was truly amazing . The story was very inspirational but depressing . As a journalist , Ms. Nazario is very talented and courageous . However , we read this in my book club and we all felt we were reading a long article out of the newspaper . In order to transfer a journalist writing style in book format we believe she needed some assistance . Half of the people in our book club did not finish it due to that . It is unfortunate , since the information is truly eye-opening .
 I picked this up , only to put it down after a few pages . The author 's rather melodramatic approach made the story seem more like a cheap , badly-written novel than a nonfiction account . I just did n't see any sense that the author had ` connected ' with the subject , and so I could n't connect with it , either .
 To start this review , I must mention I had to read this book for school . Had this not been a school assignment my time with Enrique 's Journey would have been far more short . Now , I am not your average teenager that ca n't stand anything a school puts in my hands , and cry and whine throughout the oh-so-horrible task of `` reading words . '' I am actually quite the exact opposite . I have been a reader all my life , and I 'm currently sitting with a stack of Hemingway , Dickens , and Austen next to me , which I intend to read , and that has been chosen through my own will . As shocking as it is , I do read books outside of the ones that schools assign . So now that my unique view of reading has been established , I must go on to review this garbage . -LRB- Spoilers throughout -RRB- 1 . The WritingReading Enrique 's Journey , I frequently thought to myself how much better the book would have been had it never existed . That instead , it stay a newspaper article , and an article only . For the writing is so non-descriptive and jumpy it makes reading difficult for periods of time longer than five minutes . The book frequently tells me what is there , but never how it is . How should I feel any sorrow for our idiotic protagonist when none of the environments he endures are described in any sort of detail whatsoever ? This makes the book far less gripping and realistic than it should have been . How am I supposed to endure this writing style for 300 pages ? This is the factor that ultimately decides the book being worth your time , and while it clearly is n't from this fact already there are even more flaws this book unfortunately possesses .2 . A Book of FoolsEnrique 's Journey is a 300 page story in which none of our imbecilic characters develop . Enrique is a druggie , and a jerk to his mother . This makes it very difficult to sympathize with him . He also makes several incredibly stupid decisions throughout his journey , which had me raging the entire 300 pages . I could go on and on about the complete disregard for thought in this book , but I think it sums it up that Enrique and Maria start the exact same cycle at the end of the book . It 's so sad it 's almost comedic ; they leave their child in a manner very similar to what we saw with Enrique at the beginning of the book . What were they thinking ? 3 . Thoroughly PredictableCould a book get more predictable than this ? I knew Avatar was bad in that department , but Enrique succeeds on being more predictable than exactly what time your clock will say in one hour . Just judging on the statistics I knew that the book would lead to Enrique making it to his Mother , getting mad at her , rebelling a little bit , then making up . I did not see the whole `` start the cycle over again '' thing coming , though .4 . Sympathize with illegals?This was a more personal opinion of the book , rather than a technical one . I found it appalling that the book seemed to be trying to make people go `` aww poor undocumented immigrants , they 're just human . '' Sure , just do n't forget Hitler , Stalin , Mussolini , Mao , and Ivan the Terrible were just humans too . Just because you 're human does n't mean you have the right to break the law . I would say illegally crossing our border and taking up jobs counts.And to sum it all up , this book is terrible and should be avoided at all costs . I believe it could be greatly improved if written in a different style , but it would still have too many problems to be a truly great read .
 There are many problems with this book beyond the obvious . One is the journalist-author never confirmed her sources ' stories . The anger expressed by ILLEGALS towards American is slightly over the top - when the problem lies with the accuser . For one thing it is against the law , now , on our books , to come to the U.S. illegally . Previous generations came her LEGALLY and they had tougher times and more compelling emotional stories than this , but they still respeted our laws and came here legally . I personally resent EMOTION used like this to soften you towards criminals - which is what illegals are ! My own family has a more compelling story and they came here LEGALLY . The LEFT clearly has its agenda endorsed through raw emotion . It 's a pity so many are taken in by this and do not THINK about how problematic ILLEGAL immigration really is and how that can be avoided - come here LEGALLY!Once ILLEGALLY over the border he confirms what makes America angry . His illegal mother took a job away from a legal America . Jobs are tough and unemployement is sky high in the U.S. . Atleast 20 % of those who had been unemployed are now UNDER employed . This is a U.S. fact . have no idea how much our school system is burdened by illegals but I know it is high . Again , you as the taxpayer , foot that bill too since the majority of illegals do NOT pay taxes and if they do , it is not nearly enough for what their costs are to U.S. taxpayers.As another responder indicated , the boy becomes a `` social problem '' . Our prisons are teaming with these illegal `` social problems and cost the America taxpayer untold billions each year - ESL , welfare , social services etc. . They also cost the American taxpayer untold billions each year in `` free '' social services and adding untold burden of not bothering to learn English , bringing drugs , gang wars and basically hating America . YOU , the legal America is the source of their `` free servces '' . Eventually many hospitals shut down since they can not turn away illegals when they show up at the emergencey room for medical attention with no insurance . Again , you as a legal citizen , lose when this does n't need to be a problem - come here LEGALLY . Then there is NO family split.His Mom , did n't have to be a `` single mother '' . If anything wiser choices for a partner need to be encouraged . We do n't need to illegally import more of this . We already have a epidemic of legal , single moms . If mom was truly a respectable person , she would have come to the U.S. legally and then brought her family.In a nutshell this book is being used to play on your EMOTIONS and have you supportive of others breaking our laws to come here illegally . What better way to get tha view across then making your kids READ this , FEEL guilty and forget WHY we have IMMIGRATION LAWS . We want to be careful in WHO comes to the U.S. . You are to see the U.S. as a `` mean '' country to not want to know WHO is coming into our country , why and know their background . We surely do n't need more criminals coming here or the `` social problems '' this immigrant brings . These `` social problem '' types are what wind up in prison . Had they come here legally , there is an appreciation for the U.S. and less hatred for it.I would not recommend this book . I would recommend ILLEGAL immigrants get in line , allow us to screen them and see if this is the kind of person we want as a citizen . If they are , then welcome them and help them assimilate into our `` melting pot '' as well as teaching them some civility in not `` flipping the bird '' at Americans as highlighted in this book . Uncivilized actions should never be rationalized as okay . We do n't need more of this gutter incivility.Single moms should also want to set the right example for their kids and the includes not disobeying another countries laws . Do n't let the LEFT manipulate you like this for their `` open borders '' agenda . All my family came her LEGALLY and for more emotionally compelling reasons than this . I find it alarming that people allow their emotions to be so easily manipulated like they are . Do we really need more single parents here for U.S. to support and wink at while they disobey our laws and have an attitude ? I do n't THINK so and YOU should n't THINK so either .
 The content was important to read but the delivery was pretty repetitive . It is good to understand the plight of the people who attempt to enter the USA illegally . It certainly raised awareness of the struggle of the mothers and their children . However , I think the information might have been more impactful in a different venue like an article , not an entire book .
 First things first
 This book appears to have been hastily written and edited to take advantage of the release of the movie `` Munich '' . It is poorly written and the telling of several events uses a differnt set of facts than most of the other books on the subject . This book is also very poorly edited . For example , chapter 21 is date stamped September 8 , 1972 but tells of the events of December 8 , 1972 . In other chapters a character is referred to as Sylvia Rafael and then in later chapters as Sylvia Raphael . Small matters perhaps , but such lapses undermine the author 's attention to detail and concern of the accuracy of his story . And , this book requires that you accept the veracity of the author . Throughout the book the author makes unsupported statements of facts that he apparently just expects you to accept . For example , in chapter 31 the author states that he can now tell the reader that Dr. Wadi Haddad was assissanated by the means of poisoned chocolates rather than dieing of natural causes as has heretofore been believed . However , he offers no explaination of how the chocolates were delivered to the good Dr. through the complex world of a terrorist or how anyone could have been assured that only the Dr. would eat them.There are a number of good books dealing with this general subject but this is not one of them . I recommend that you read either `` Vengeance '' or `` The Hunt for the Red Prince '' for well written books dealing with the general subject .
 `` Striking Back '' is an incoherent and repetitive description of various assassinations carried out by Israeli military and intelligence authorities in the wake of the killing of Israeli athletes and coaches at the 1972 Olympics . The author 's research might be impressive -- he implies that much of the material in the book was never publicly stated before -- but he has no ability to present it in an interesting way.The chapters are short , and most of them cover one assassination . They all start to sound alike after a while . And there 's little context to them . If you already know a lot about Israeli politics and history , perhaps the book is more meaningful . But I doubt it , as it 's far from a sophisticated book . It 's definitely aimed at the casual reader about the modern Middle East.The author tries to make some assessment of the value of assassinations as a strategy , but he does n't do enough on that account , either .
 Yes , I understand this is not a novel , but it is as dryly written as a computer manual . It 's a shame because the story is compelling , true and quite dynamic .
 I downloaded this book onto my Kindle by mistake . After reading the preview , I thought I 'd give it a try anyway . I am sorry I did . Cliche humor about stock characters . It seems that little effort went into writing this book and the payoff is just as hollow .
 There 's not much to say about this book except that all of it is written in the same style of '' Hey ! im f-ing incredible ! i 'm ready to tear this bar apart with my bare hands ! Do you think i 'm joking ? I 'm heroic in my own mind ! blah blah blah '' -LRB- that 's not in the book but EXACTLY how every single part is written -RRB- To me anyone could have written this simple book . I think the ideas do n't stretch as far as the sphincters who wrote it . It could have been detailed a lot more and made funnier with cruder observations . It seems to be written in an innocent way that can be absorbed by `` anyone '' so they could possibly cash in on the general masses . If you like cynical humor and are truly misanthropic this book really lacks anything laugh out loud worthy . Simple observations for simple minds . Waste of money for the most part .
 I just did n't find this book to be funny . I was expecting more . The stories in the book appeared to be fabricated , making the book unfunny and more of a desperate attempt at just promoting a book in order to make money .
 I did n't have to read many of the entries in this book to realize it would not be worth the time to read on . A promising idea marred by the fact that the profiles are neither funny nor terribly astute . A big disappointment .
 I read I Hope They Serve Beer In Hell . . could be the greatest book written . Heard The Game by Neil Strauss was awesome so i gave this a try . WOW . Not Good at all . Bummer too , I really wanted it to be good .
 Ever seen a movie trailer and think `` That is going to be the greatest movie ever !!! '' , and when , after waiting for months and months , finally see the movie , you find out that all of the good parts were already shown in the trailer , and you just wasted two hours of your life ? That is this book.I had to force myself to finish it . There are funny parts in it , but the majority of the book -LRB- i 'd say about 90 % -RRB- is just boring drivel , rehashing architypes that make almost no sense.Just like that fabled movie , look at the trailer and be satisfied , because that 's all you 're really gon na get .
 Got this on a recommendation after `` I hope they serve beer in hell '' does not even come close to making me laugh as hard ...
 No , it 's going great , every reason and surely seemingly having our last ending . Not my favorite book , but maybe you 'd like it if you enjoy boring self-indulgence .
 Kinda hard to listen to or take advice from someone who 's never accomplished anything -LRB- besides handing other people 's money out -RRB- . Most politicians are narcissists , but this one 's the poster child.The book was a slow read and I found myself questioning most everything he said , as he 's contradicted some of the more reasonable tenets in the book in how he 's handled the job he occupies now . Hypocritical.Wouldn ' t recommend it to anyone . Hard to swallow the `` preachy '' stuff .
 Too wordy . His sentences ramble on and on and on , changing subjects and stuffing in as many big words as he can . I had much more respect for him before I read the book . I am sure he has a lot of valuable insight to share I just wish he could get over himself so I could stop falling asleep throughout the book .
 This book is poorly done . Spend your time reading something better . It was hard to even get through this but I did because I wanted to like it .
 That he is a Socialist narcissist . Yeah . I read it . Sad that you are buying this crap hook , line , and sink us all . A good read for educational purposes on that front .
 Completely stupid book that glorifies socialism in its worse form . I was shocked to see the lack of education on Obamas part . WOW .
 I ca n't say that I found this to be life changing . Self-serving would be more appropriate . For someone whom has a deep affiliation and so called understanding of Kenyans , I find it hard to believe that there was not and has not been a mention of aparteid . Watch The Rising Son if you need a reminder . Not only is there poverty and socialist ideals , there are grand scale MURDERS .
 I am a college educated , bi-racial female in my early twenties and the hypersensitive racial observations found in Barack Obama 's book Dreams from my Father left me a bit miffed . It seems his preoccupation with race and heritage are more a symptom of the trauma he felt at his father 's absence than an inspirational story as the subtitle suggests . Being bi-racial , I too had an `` awakening '' of sorts when I realized I did not look like all the kids at school -- but my restlessness pertaining to this aspect of my identity vanished before the end of high school and I now see identity more as something a mature person makes of herself rather than something tied to one 's racial heritage . In this aspect BO 's narrative worldview came off as ridiculous . Each chapter drolls on endlessly with black , white , brown ... a category for everyone with blame slathered on the `` white folks '' . Excuse the pun , but I 'm not inclined to look to someone with thinner skin than I as a leader.I am uncertain of where BO gets his sense of whites ruling over blacks given his upbringing . After all , it was his grandmother who sacrificed her golden years to take a job and care for him while his mother was off seeing the world . His grandfather too was supportive . Yet , one can not ignore BO 's loathing `` white '' achievement and gloating over `` white '' misfortune . For example he mentions his glee at seeing European shrunken heads at a museum , laughing at this `` cosmic joke '' and describing the experience as -LSB- akin to eating Tiger meat , a form of taking control -RSB- pg . 145 . Given his own White heritage and upbringing his words sound like those of a spoiled , self-centered brat . Consequently , his worldview demonstrates that he blames the alienation we all feel on the first day of school completely on his skin color and christened it as the scapegoat for all his emotional insecurities for years to come.I would wish not to continue with examples of BO 's racially divisive worldview but some of the scenes left me so disturbed I am compelled to make note of them . For example on page 124 BO states that `` The emotions between the races -LSB- can -RSB- never be pure ; even love -LSB- is -RSB- tarnished by the desire to find in the other some element that -LSB- is -RSB- missing in ourselves ... the other race -LSB- will always -RSB- remain just that
 The longer this two bit dictator stays in the oval office the more we learn about the man ! There is just too much inconsistency in the book -LRB- aside from the drug use -RRB- which makes the readers head spin . His stepfather never fought the Dutch and was never a pow under the British . This is just one instance . There are several more . This whole book is a lie !!!! Oh yeah , if Amazon does not post this review so much for the First Amendment .
 I REALLY tried to get into this book , but I just could not . Finally I just gaveup trying to push my way through it . I felt like I was missing any key takeaways or lessons beyond understanding what impact his upbringing might have on the way he views the world .
 Poorly written . Disregards the philandering nature of his father . Ignores many truths in lieu of feeling good about lies . Skip it .
 So , we 've been told by 99.99 % of the American Media that : Obama is not a Socialist!Obama is not a Marxist!No no , Obama is indeed a Centrist Democrat!Yet before he decided to campaign for President , or Senator , or US Rep -LRB- what exactly did he actually do outside of that before we handed him the most critically important job in the world ? -RRB- , he candidly exposed his core ideals by idealizing a boozing , marxist , polygamist failure of a dead beat dad , his father , Barack Obama Sr.Now , one year into his utter disaster of a presidency , one in which he has only begun to dismantle the very framework of the greatest Republic the world has ever known , it is INARGUABLE that the apple has not fallen too far from the repugnant Obama family tree . His destruction of our wealth , his complete disregard for our Constitutional protections -LRB- ones he openly refers to as ` fundamentally flawed ' -RRB- , his embrace of criminals around the world bent on our annihilation , and his thinly veiled hatred for the non-black races all stem from the mad hallucinations of his drug and alcohol adled vermin of a father . A father whose anti-human ideals were further imprinted in our president 's head by his even more vitriolic minister , Jeremiah Wright , and the ideological founder of their race hatred , James Cone.What is happening to the United States today will be lamented about for centuries . And one day far from now , future generations will study this book , and ask in wonder , `` how did they -LRB- us -RRB- not see what was coming ? ''
 ok first off I am not in favor for Obama 's political ideals , lets just get that out of the way now . This Book was Sooo Boring . I wanted to know more of the man , and what better way the by his own words . I think I found out more stuff about him before he was alive . He talks about the great life of his family and the web of emotions connected to the race differance between his father and the mothers side . He also goes on about the `` true love '' connection of his father and mother ... BEFORE HE WAS CONCIEVED ... sorry but if I was to write a book of my own life and the connection I had with my father , I 'd might start with my earliest memory . He talks of stroking of hands and gazing of eyes like he was there . People might call this filler and/or juicing the story up , I call it packing a troubled past up with white lies to make it look presentable.Saying that I find much of his ideals and `` black '' reactionary remarks in the book racist and selling out the `` we can do it '' idea to a self-victimizing hate speech .
 This is a novel based on the author himself . Interesting , but deceptive , of course . . Not a pure auto-biography . A display of conceit . .
 This was recommended reading for a class I am currently enrolled in for Race , Gender , Class , and Sexuality . I found the book incredibly difficult to get through due to the writing style . It is written on a low and easily comprehensible level which I feel truly diminished the content . If the goal was to write an easy read it may have been accomplished ; but to what advantage I am unsure . I found the grammatical composition -LRB- ex . run-on sentences -RRB- hard to follow . The read did not engage me on any meaningful level . I did happen to vote for the man .
 A sorry pack of deceit and lies , just as he is in real life.Dont waste you time.Was a gift that I gave back .
 The story of a light skinned Negro with a sometimes Negro dialect yearns to be president . It is well written with some inspiring moments.He did become our first colored president but I do n't think this book is worth the time and effort and money but I can see that some disagreed by rating it five stars .
 I 'm barely through the first chapter and the lies being told are almost intolerable . When Obama tells of his family 's past ; it 's the way HE THINKS IT OUGHT TO HAVE BEEN ! Where he so obviously lied about the `` Japanese-American man '' who phoned Obama telling him he bears witness to the barroom incident involving his father those many years ago ! The chinaman had no name of course although he supposedly was a college classmate with his father . I do n't intend to read much further but will use the book as a testimonial to the character of a phony called Obama
 Cry havoc and let slip the dogs of war . Read some shakespeare dude or better yet Mr O should read some economics
 Do not buy from this seller . This product was advertised as a new book , but it was not . The seller claimed the book that I purchased to be a new copy , but it was not . Not only was my copy used but it also contains writing in the pages . The writing is that of a reader marking parts of several pages with pen and pencil . It also had sidenotes on some of the pages . This seller is not to be trusted or relied on . Also , the book is a re-print , do n't beleive them .
 This book explains a lot of why things are turning out the way they are under his presidency . He 's putting personal ideology and feelings above what 's best for the country .
 If anyone still has any doubts that this guy is so full of himself and drunk on power read this book . He totally forgets that he is half white and throws his Caucasian relatives under the bus . Many people think he is a cool , calm character , but I think he is like a deer in the headlights that does n't know what to do . Makes me wonder how long he can keep his smoke and mirrors act going . His house of cards ca n't stand for much longer .
 I digested the audio version of Dreams From My Father.Whatever lead the author to writing the book years ago , the language and style of the potpourri of its stories tell me that he went out of his way to dazzle the reader and condition the reality to serve his ambitions.There is no clear message in the book that would support Mr. Obama 's choice of its title , nor did I find any clear message in it whatsoever.I would also tike to add , in light of the author 's current bid for presidency , that the book does not support his claims to being a uniter and an enthusiast for change . The book does , it seems to me , support my preconceived notion of Mr. Obama as a slick man , craving attention and power , and jostling to get as high as he can in order to validate and glorify himself . Indeed , had I believed prior to listening to Dreams From My Father Mr. Obama to be a person passionate about change , uniting America , bettering the lot of her poor and underprivileged -LRB- including those in the hoods of South Chicago -RRB- , I would have almost certainly be dissuaded now by , among other , the author 's nauseating use in the book of big words , high-flown language , and labored poetic imagery.Jacob Roginsky
 The Presidential office is not a place to hone your salespitch or fulfill your dreams . The American people need a leader with more than `` hope '' and more than dreams . I think his pretty words are well written in this book , but parsing the words and examining for content ... not much new and not much meat .
 I found it disappointing that after reading Obama 's words , that so many people were still able to convince themselves that this was a work of fiction and with a clear conscience still able to convince themselves to vote for this man as our president of the United States . Baffling . I do recommend that everyone read it .
 Arrogant ... . self serving and not worth the paper it is printed on . It was a waste of money to me .
 I had high expectations for this book but found it very tedious and difficult to follow at times . It was more like reading a law review than an autobiography . Obama would do better to let someone else do the writing .
 I do n't think most of this is true . How does he know what his fathers dreams were , he only saw him twice in his life .
 This book is full of contradictions and inaccuracies . Many parts do n't make sense . Much of it seems like the imagination of someone who has &#34; delusions of grandeur , &#34; thinking themself to be extraordinarily gifted beyond everyone else . In summary , this book is a load of **** .
 I was hoping for something more along the lines of a struggle of balance for people of mixed cultures , which is what the book is marketed to be . I was dissapointed in the how misleading the books advertising was after reading the content.However , like many reveiwers before me have said , Barack Obama is an amazing man , and senator . This is still a ` good ' book nonetheless .
 Agree with the other reviewers who wondered why a whole book devoted to a absentee father.His father is not a sympathetic character , he had multiple wives and children seemingly without thinking about how to take care of them .
 I had to read this book for one of my school classes . I was interested in this book because I thought it would be interesting to read what this man has gone through . Yet when I started reading , there was nothing exciting or gripping to make me read on . Obama manages to write 4 pages on the morals behind a lady that wore colored contacts one day . It has nothing to do with the story and makes you lose attention . It gets interesting when Obama hears who his father really was . But immidiately after that , the interest is lost.I myself have not lived in America during the time of this book , and am not an African American . This book does n't say much to me.Finally I think that he should have spend more time discussing his mother and the influences she had on his life.I would n't recommend this book if you do not like books that sometimes lose track of the main plot .
 It 's too bad that he has admitted to having `` composites '' in this book . For those of you who do n't understand what that is , it means some of it never happened . One of them is when he talks about his mom being called stanley steamer when she was a kid . Stanley Steamer did n't become that until the 1970 's . His mom was a kid in like the fifties .
 And , unfortunately , he 's not that interesting . If he were n't running for president , I would have chucked the book after Indonesia . Black , white , black , white ... whine , whine ... yawn.This man has no acomplishments to justify anyone voting for him .
 President Barak Obama is a master of disguise . He is definitely the most dishonest US President this country has ever had . This book reveals the audacity he has lived his life by . What a fraud !
 Is this an autobiography ? What is the point of this book ? What about the majority of Obama 's life and relationships ? I see no real mention of his mother and maternal sister as he became a adult .
 i have sent a message telling you that I never received the product . when the product is received , i will happily review it .
 Now technically this is my husband 's review not mine ... he told me what to say after he read it . I refused to read it ... the movie 2016 was more than enough for me . It made my throw-up in my mouth to spend money on this rag . As Gene saw in another review . . if people had read this book before the last election he would not even have been on the ticket . This man is a threat to the life we new when we were growing up . Already many of us have seen the changes and none of them have been good . He is a threat , he is a threat , he is a threat ... see the movie 2016 and GET HIM OUT OF OFFICE . I guess it is a good thing that this is my husbands review ... I would never be so kind .
 Of all the books that deserve ALL multiple formats , it is this one ! There needs to be a cassette tape version that is unabridged . There needs to be a cassette version that is abridged . There needs to be a CD version that is unabridged . Any version that would increase access to the reading public to this book should be done . Please , please , please , publishers , yes , there is a market !!!!
 HE IS NOT WHO YOU THINK HE IS - HE 'S A MONSTERFrom Dreams of My Father : ' I ceased to advertise my mother 's race at the age of 12 or 13 , when I began to suspect that by doing so I was ingratiating myself to whites . ` From Dreams of My Father
 Bill Ayers sure can write a good book . Some great fiction mixed with some nice platitudes that everyone can project on to - like the candidate himself .
 It 's not so much what he says as how he says it . You have to read between the lines to get his real meaning .
 B.H.O. wrote this book knowing full well that his primary goal in life was to serve as president of the USA . Fortunately today we can read today this book from his earlier years and see precisely why he is not qualified to be president . This book demonstrates in conclusive fashion why he was and is so attracted to the likes of Jeremiah Wright , Louis Farakhan , and his angry wife . He is a brilliant orator , an average writer , and a poor thinker with little originality . So , like most political auto-biographies , save your money and buy it used if you must read it at all .
 I do n`t care what country i ` m in , I would never eat dog . That ` s gross . Cant believe this guys our president . Our founding fathers needed to create more qualifications to become president .
 I read this and all recent books claimed to have been written by Obama . I also read that he had help from professional and ghost writers . Obama 's books are more narcissism than evidence of a concern for social and economic justice under the US Constitution . Obama is just another great orator with less maturity , experience , and wisdom than most of our national and world thinkers . This book is just one more work of liberal Democrat propaganda . We all have dreams from our fathers ... and mothers ... but we choose to leave them out of print , so the book is just campaign and election fodder from a youthful and naive left-wing radical ... and his even more left-wing and radical revolutionaries . At least Obama can truthfully claim to be African-American , an geographic-ethnic classification claimed in error by most other American blacks . After all , Obama may have been born in Africa and flown to Hawaii , or at least his father was a full African .
 . Obama 's books : In a sane world , having the following comments out in print via Obama 's racist books would have knocked him out of the running for president of the United States . -LRB- they would have crucified a white candidate for far less -RRB- From Dreams from My Father , '' I FOUND A SOLACE IN NURSING A PERVASIVE SENSE OF GRIEVANCE AND ANIMOSITY AGAINST MY MOTHER 'S RACE '' . Barack Hussein ObamaFrom ` Dreams from my Father ' , `` The emotion between the races could never be pure , even love was tarnished by the desire to find in the other some element that was missing in ourselves . Whether we sought out our demons or salvation , THE OTHER RACE -LRB- WHITE -RRB- WOULD ALWAYS REMAIN JUST THAT
 The State Department loves this book.The U.S. Department of State has bought more than $ 70,000 worth of books authored by President Obama -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The ordeal that many reviewers who subserviently brownnose Obama experience is confusing what `` Dreams From My Father '' accomplishes ; Obama 's 1995 book DOES N'T in any form come close to qualifying him as presidential material . Shame on the reviewers for abusing a book which tells his mediocre life story from childhood to 33 as the basis for endorsing him !!!! Because of the hype instigated by the liberal media for their favorite mulatto -LRB- liberal wet dream of theoretically having the first , sort-of `` black '' man installed as president -RRB- , this book 's selling aggressively , but in a just world , `` Dreams From My Father '' should 've continued to be relegated to the obscurity it enjoyed before.This book actively makes the case AGAINST Obama ever becoming president as it fails to present him and his unsatisfactory values in any decent light . I 'm in the majority of the country -- excluding the 35 % of blindly worshipping Democrats who hype Obama due to the misconception they owe the black community for slavery by exalting Obama -- which is mystified by the insincere sensationalism surrounding Obama . I picked up this book to investigate this empty suit , yet what I discovered was Obama 's substanceless character and disappointment at his ideology and `` values !!!! `` I contemptuously distrust that many of the fanatics giving 5-star reviews to Dreams From My Father have actually read the book -LRB- probably all Democrat operatives -RRB- . The book is a disturbing confession of a racially mixed individual with so much emotional baggage that he 's ideological , divisive , self-hating , race-hustling , and mistrustful of the goodness that is America . An example of his ideology is he spends much of the book pushing organizing instead of telling blacks to get a better education to increase their pay ; his divisiveness is his association with reverse racism which looks at the destiny of blacks as controlled by whites ; his self-hate is he actually compares life of the poor in America with the impoverished masses in Kenya ; his race-hustling is his choice to associate almost exclusively with blacks -LRB- throughout high school , college , inner-city organizing -RRB- ; and his mistrustfulness in America is his longing to connect with African heritage instead of considering himself American foremost.Much of the book is untrustworthy as Obama presumptuously fakes he 's able to remember exact quotes in conversations he 's had going back to his childhood !!!! This is simply not plausible , so many personal conversations Obama recounts can not be believed based on only his memory . Another undesirable sickness his book perpetrates is the unabashed swearing Obama writes down , supposedly recollections from personal conversations , especially blacks in low-class neighborhoods . Nonetheless , this is egregious , repelling the reader.The premise of Dreams From My Father is so unrighteous that it 's skewed
 This book really tells what OBAMA is , his mental outlook on life.It will scare the HELL out of you if , youLOVE THE USA .
 I think Mr Obama says it best by replacing business with book.I 'm always struck by people who think , well , it must be because I was just so smart . There are a lot of smart people out there . It must be because I worked harder than everybody else . Let me tell you something -- there are a whole bunch of hardworking people out there.If you were successful , somebody along the line gave you some help . There was a great teacher somewhere in your life . Somebody helped to create this unbelievable American system that we have that allowed you to thrive . Somebody invested in roads and bridges . If you 've got best selling bool -- you did n't build that . Somebody else made that happen .
 OTHER THEN THE CONTENT THE BOOK IS FINE . I DO NOT ADHERE TO THE &#34; MUSLIM &#34; - &#34; SOCIALIST &#34; PHILOSOPHIES SO HIS POSITIONS ON ISSUES OF IMPORTANCE TO MY CHILDREN AND GRAND CHILDREN ARE IN STARK OPPOSITION TO HIS VIEWS AND BACKGROUND !!
 Before ordering this audiobook , be aware that it has been further abridged to remove all references to ` Frank ' , Obama 's acknowledged ` mentor ' and ` role model ' and ` second father ' . . Who was Frank ? Frank Marshall Davis - Communist , Pedophile , pornographer ... with a 600 page FBI FILE . . you do n't have to believe me ; just google or bing it ... further proof that Obama is a fake , fraud and liar ... sorry to disapoint all you followers of the ` Obamassiah ' . This is the man who apologizes to Islam for our First Amendment Rights in our Constitution , and then edits out incriminating evidence from his own works . There are older , unabridged versions available from used dealers .
 I admit I tend to be conservative . I have not cared for Obama 's first four years . I am not a Mitt fan . I have read so many Facebook pages about Obama being a racist , etc , but did not want to form an opinion until I had read his book . Well , I am dumbfounded that we , as Americans -LRB- you can be white , yellow , orange , black or brown , but once you can vote , you are a US citizen ! -RRB- voted this bigot into office . I was dumbfounded about how racist his views are . Further , given that his grandparents who raised him are Caucasian , I would expect him to be more open minded.As a `` read '' , this book has nothing to say ... . I believe this writer is so intent on using `` big words '' that he fails to convey a useful message of any kind . I am intelligent , and benefitted from attending some of the best and most prestigious schools in the USA , but I could not follow many of this man 's thoughts/statements until I read them several times over . Once I had expended that effort , I realized -LRB- repeatedly -RRB- that the writer was only trying to impress by using uncommonly used words . What a crock.I can appreciate that Mr. Obama missed hisAfrican roots and wanted to explore them ... it is his heritage . I even applaud his determination . However , I ca n't respect a man who has such a closed mind concerning race relations , and who has not worked a day outside of `` government '' work . Work in the private sector . Work for the good of ALL people ... . Then come talk to me . Until then , almost sadly , I have no choice but to support the ultra annoying Mitt .
 My GOD how did a moron like this get to be president ? . . First 6 years of school was in a Muslim school -LRB- he wasnt even raised in America -RRB- ... both parents were MARXIST ... his father was a drunk womanizer who had kids by three women and killed a man ... his mother was sexually promiscuous America hater who dragged OBAMA all over the world chasing her men ... she even got mad at one husband for starting a business that actually made a profit . His Grandparents were far left loons who raised him in a `` church '' that had communists on the board of deacons ... his `` black '' mentor in Hawaii was a leader in the local communist party . Obama himself hated America to the point he wouldnt even wear an American flag on his lapel till it looked like the liberal media was going to MAKE him President . He had years in school he claimed were just a haze because of his Drug habits . And he wont even release his college grades because everyone will see he only made it thru affirmative action . The people that support trash like OBAMA need to get OUT OF MY COUNTRY NOW . If a second revolution comes like I think it will . . we will run you out of it anyway ... like we did the first group of TORIES in the first revolution .
 Purchased as I was curious about this guy and what kind of person he might really be , and the book was cheap . However this book made me very uneasy about having this man as our president .
 I felt I was reading a story about a Narcissist who was trying to justify how great he thought he was . It could have been about a `` Hitler '' in the making . I read it to the end and felt so discouraged , knowing this man today .
 After reading this book , I am convinced that we must do everything in our power to elect Mitt Romney as our next president . How Obama got elected in the first place is the fault of the national media for not doing its homework and exposing this fraudulant person . May God help us !
 Although originally published in 1995 , this book has a new forward by then US Senator Obama and was republished in 2005 . Of course , there is a second book by Senator Obama , and his record in his political campaigns and office holding , especially the campaign for US President and his words and actions in office that are part of the mosaic , and this book can no longer be reviewed as a stand alone of the person who originally wrote it in the 1990 's . This review is intended to be read first , before my review ofThe Audacity of Hope
 Mostly a bunch of lies but does show the real reason behind Obama 's wild departure from our Constitution . He is totally mad at the United States .
 Obama is a fake . His real father is Frank Marshall Davis . The birth certificate that he has presented is a blatant forgery . We are all being duped . Please keep an open mind and wake up . The rabbit hole is profoundly deep but only by facing it will we bring ourselves out of darkness.The book may be eloquent and a good read but it is a composite so it would be foolish to take any of it at face value . You have to do a little digging and read between the lines to find the truth on this man . And good luck with that , since he has sealed ALL of his records .
 If the entire country had listened to this book before the 2008 election , he would n't have ever even been on the ticket . The democrats could have had Hillary Clinton as President and maybe something to brag about . Instead , the entire world has this loser as adequatley described in his own words . Get this book and pass it around ASAP .
 Back in 2008 , I read `` Who Wrote Dreams From My Father ? '' on the ` American Thinker ' website.So last summer when I was given a copy of ` Dreams From My Father ' , I was looking forward to reading it.But , the book was so uninteresting , after a few chapters , I returned it to it 's owner . -LRB- And it turns out , she had not read it either -RRB- . My guess is , a lot of liberals have this book laying on their coffee table , unread.If anyone does plan on buying this book , you might want to avoid reading `` Who Wrote Dreams From My Father ? '' By Jack Cashill . It might spoil it for you .
 I read this book because I wanted to know more about Obama . I wanted -LRB- and expected -RRB- to like him , but unfortunately I was disappointed . This book has a very whiny , `` poor me '' kind of tone . Not to say that black people do n't have a tough time , but there seems to be a lot of blaming `` the white man '' and `` white folks '' in general . News flash
 Dreams From My Father - A Story Of Race And Inheritance , Revised EditionYou would not think this book could have been written by a person that has become the President of the country that he so vehemently despises.It 's more of a manifesto to destroy what he believes to be evil .
 This book is just like everthing surrounding this imposters life , lies ! In the book it 's okay for him to make up stuff as if it were real , he is completely incompetent but does have a masterful imagination . Should stick to fiction .
 I bought the book because I really wanted to know our president . It was an ok read , but got very boring at times . I am glad I read it to truly understand his background , but not the greatest read .
 This was one book you can definitely speed read , because there is a lot of fluff within the pages . Does it give you a lot of insight about Barack Obama ? Not Really . You do begin to understand where Barack Obama 's class warfare comes from especially between the African-American community and the White community . Barack Obama associates with characters that are pessimistic and angry . You also ca n't help but believe Obama is sucked into this world too.In one chapter , he talks about change , but he never says what he wants to change , he just wants to change . This narrative of course remains the same . He still talks of change but no one can figure out what he wants to change . He even admits he does n't know what he is talking about when he says , `` There was n't much detail in the idea . `` In the chapter he talks of change was during Reagan 's tenure . He talks of Reagan , his minions and his dirty deeds . He wants change during a time of great change for the better . Reagan was responsible for creating optimism after the inept Carter years . Obama talks about change in the mood of the country . This period was a very optimistic time in American history . Reagan was responsible for ending the cold war without firing a shot , lowering interest rates from double digits , and creating an unprecedented economic boom . He also won almost every state in the union . I do n't get it . What is it that Obama wanted to change?When Obama listens to the `` The Audacity of Hope '' speech , he sees himself in this world of pessimism and despair . But , Obama 's world was nothing like that . Obama never lacked for anything . This is the dichotomy of Obama 's world . He lived a life between the privileged and the middle class , and he went to the top universities , but he envisions himself in John Kerry 's two America 's where he is one of the have-nots scratching his way to the top.God help us all if Obama becomes the next president .
 If you can get past the abominably poor language and grammar , composite characters , changed names , dramatized events , and fictionalized dialogue , your reward is ... a tedious , overwrought , melodramatic , self-serving memoir about nothing from a 34-year old dilettante . Whether your politics place you on the left or right , the fact is DREAMS FROM MY FATHER is a clumsy , amateurish effort with little insight and even less truth , and it probably would have been more compelling and weighty had Obama waited until later in his life , after he actually accomplished something , to reflect on and write about his formative experiences . In contrast to the image propagated by mythologizers in his campaign and elements of the media , Obama demonstrates little skill as a writer and his work here falls far short of publication quality . DREAMS FROM MY FATHER shows that it 's probably best for Obama that he did n't pursue a career as an author , though inarguably not so for the country .
 Sadly , it now seems that Mr. Obama had the book ghost written by neighbor Bill Ayers . Christopher Andersen 's new book Barack and Michelle
 ever wanted your intelligence assumed to be zero ? ever wanted to read a bill ayers book ? have nothing better to do than support a fraud ? this is your book .
 this book is not so good as i expected . there is no a clear line connecting these chapters , like a pearl lace without the line , stories are scattered here and there .
 I went into this with an open mind . The result was not pretty
 I loved `` The Audacity of Hope '' . When Obama was elected , I was delighted . I was so disappointed in this book . I was disappointed in the bad language coming from the mouth of our President . I listened to the book on audio and had to stop . I know it 's the `` real world '' , but I might be a Republican now .
 Boring , amatuerish.However , the book reveals much of why Obama is such a liberal and pro entitlement programs .
 Dreams from My Father
 Obviously , I only bought and read the book , because Mr. Obama is in the race to become the next President.The book is easy reading , the story he tells is interesting enough so you will not put the book away because you are bored . The father he searches for was a gifted man , who wasted his gifts , became an alcoholic and an abuse , yet is Mr. Obama 's eyes , he had one redeeming quality - he was BLACK!The book is full of racism ! Not the `` Red neck '' kind of dumb racism , but a more sophisticated one - YET STILL RACISM!After having read this book , it is easy to understand , why Mr. Obama had such a difficult time to separate himself from Reverend Wright - he simply believes the same racist agenda , Mr. Wright does!Being a German national , the question of who to vote for does not arise , but I certainly feel , those Americans who contemplate voting for Mr. Obama should read this book .
 this is another exmple of the fascist pig barack hussein obamas socialist anticonstitutional manifestos . to quote one of the greatest men alive . my cold dead hands . thats where my guns will remain for life . we kill must barack remember obama we now have the power to dethrone dear leader within all of us we are the power that is now able to correct this mistake . my fellow patriots unite . uncle ted your awesome my favorite role model . keep preaching the word of truth an justice . the us constitution protects us we must use it now . rise up and overthrow this usurper . freedom . get this illegal alien out of office .
 If people knew all these things about Obama , he would never have been voted as president of the United States . I believe everyone should read this book before the election in November 2012 .
 I rated this two stars only because it was well edited . The story itself seems to be an effort of Obama to redefine his life story for his own devices . His anecdotes seem contrived when they dis white people , wealthy people , corporations , oil companies and all the regular bugaboos of leftists.Although the story is fictionalized in that certain folks and events are composites , I just flat do n't believe his story how rich white folks used to walk their dogs into his neighborhood to crap - that 's just pure you-know-what . All in all , a self-aggrandizing story by a self-aggrandizing man .
 The content within this book has been proven untrue , this is not about Obama 's family or his life . The girlfriend in the book does n't even exist , the story having to do with the theater and they argument he said they had never happened . The magazine he claimed to have seen about the black man dyeing his skin out of shame was not true and the article does n't even exist . From beginning to end the book is not about his life or his family , it is a collection of fairy tales and should not be taken seriously .
 . its obvious that he wanted nothing to do with his mothers family from an identity standpoint no matter how well they raised and treated him
 A communist manifesto for the new generation , Do yourself a favor and save your money and buy the original ... deserves zero stars
 This is the sad story of a young boy whose polygamist father knocked up his mother , then left her with a baby in arms while he ran off to Boston to marry yet another woman then left that woman behind to rejoin wife # 1 back in Kenya . This conceited loser thought he deserved an important position in the Kenyan government . When his superiors disagreed , he become an alcoholic and drank himself to death . Barrack met this man only once , when he revisited Hawaii during Barrack 's tween years and when he berated the poor child to work harder at school -LRB- between visits to the local bars -RRB- . Barrack did not want to believe that this loser did n't care about his abandoned wife and son and so contrived his silly and pathetic tale that he only abandoned Barrack because of the important work he was doing.It would just be a sad tale , except that the `` important work '' was bringing a Communist government to Kenya , and this dream father has inspired Barrack to do the same to this country.Our dead economy is the result of this childhood delusion . It is a very sad tale .
 I do not recommend this product . I am very interested in the background of Barack Obama and have read several different biographies , so I was interested in hearing Obama read his own book . I had read the print version of his autobiography and was very interested in hearing several portions of the book read in the author 's own voice . I was very disappointed to find that the audio book was heavily edited to remove any section that might be politically embarrassing to the author . For example , in the original Obama autobiography there was much written on his visits to Kenya and his interaction with his relatives and family homes . In the audio book this part of his original book was edited to the point of being non-existent and the family and geographic ties expressed so strongly in the original book had been removed . If you are after a `` feel good '' book about our president this will fill the bill , but if you are after an understanding of the feelings of Obama toward his family and the country of his forefathers , read the print version of the book . For a follow on to the print version , I would recommend reading the Dinesh D'Souza book , `` The Roots of Obama 's Rage '' . The D'Souza book develops the Obama-Kenya ties and gives a plausible framework for Obama 's actions in later life .
 This book really deserves zero stars . This book , along with the Audacity of Hope , should have given a fair warning to the American people about Barack Hussein Obama 's far-left agenda . Sadly , though , it was ignored and with the help of the far-left media we got this radical elected . You asked for it , America , and you got it . Read this book and you will clearly see his communist and racist agenda for our nation . Next time , before you get wrapped up into `` YES WE CAN ! '' , do your homework , America ! Romney in 2012 ! He 's not the best , but he is the only hope this country has for this year . We must fire Barack Hussein Obama . And Amazon , do n't you even think about deleting this review like you did for my review for the Audacity of Hope . This is relevant for the book and you 've already made enough left-wing political statements to the public .
 Obama did n't write this book ; at least not all of it . Check out ` Deconstructing Obama . ' The similarities between Ayres ' writing and what we are TOLD is Obama 's prose are far too great to be coincidental .
 President Obama was my choice for President even though I am a Republican . I wanted to live long enough to see a black president . He seemed like a great guy , well spoken and a chance for change . Maybe some day he will be ready but he was not ready to be President when elected . Now that I have read this book , I understand him and his experiences in life or lack thereof . He is so puffed up , so arrogant . He lived an unusual life from the time he was born . It is hard to believe he is just as much white as black . His choice of friends and life style i.e. drugs , are the real Obama . The facade that got him elected is created but not to be believed . I am glad I read this book . I can not vote for him again . I still hope I live long enough to see a great , first full black president !
 A man full of hate for those that are not like himself -LRB- namely whites -RRB- . Although this book is disturbing , it is an important read for those that want to understanding the man and the direction he wants to take our country .
 I found this book to be rather enlightening on how Obama feels about his family history and his country . I recommend people read this to learn the kind of person they have elected to be president of our country , which seems to be a country he does n't show much love for .
 As I have said before all biography is a form of advocacy and this book isno exception.For some Reason I did n't like the narrative structure that Obama choose tous in telling his story . Because of the style I did n't find myself able toemotionally connect with his story and It lowered my enjoyment of the book.That being said I still Think that people should read this book because thefirst step in figuring out what a person is like -LRB- i , e. vetting -RRB- is to read whatthey say about themselves . Not enough people did that In 2008 and they have achance to do so now before the next presidential election of 2012 .
 It was interesting only in the fact that it shows the Authors true dislike of the white race without a lot of basis to his feelings
 Quotes from this book . Talented ? Eloquent ? Complex ? Inspiring ? Come on people wake up before it is too late . ' I ceased to advertise my mother 's race at the age of 12 or 13 , when I began to suspect that by doing so I was ingratiating myself to whites . '' I found a solace in nursing a pervasive sense of grievance and animosity against my mother 's race . '' There was something about him that made me wary , a little too sure of himself , maybe . And white . '' I never emulate white men and brown men whose fates did n't speak to my own . It was into my father 's image , the black man , son of Africa , that I 'd packed all the attributes I sought in myself , the attributes of Martin and Malcolm , DuBois and Mandela . '
 Just read it - borrowed it from the local library . A lot of great words . Too bad most of the stuff turned out to be lies written with the sole purpose of getting elected .
 This is a well written book by very articulate and insightful man . Growing up with his white mother and later with his white grandparents , the author appears to be absorbed by his `` blackness '' and by the continuous process of finding himself . He definitely does not dwell on his `` whiteness '' . It is quite apparent that the author is drawn to his African roots to `` try to understand '' his ancestry . With his father procreation habits , there is apparently plenty of opportunity . While reading about his `` identification '' with Malcolm X writings , one can clearly see the racism of the author 's views.After reading the book , I found myself wondering what exactly were the dreams of his father . Apparently he was generous and wanted to provide for everybory . This , however , is quite common attitude among alcoholics.It is clear , that the author sees the world through Africa . It appears that in his view most problems of the world are caused by greedy white folks . Given the level of education he received , I am amazed at his total lack of understanding of what Western Culture accomplished and how it was done .
 I bought this book because I was curious . Frankly , I 'm not voting for Obama and wanted to fact check some comments myself . This is especially true because the movie 2016 is drawing mostly on comments in this book as well as on the book The Raae of Obama . I did n't want , however , to contribute to Obama 's millions of dollars of rolayties so I bought this book for 1 cent . I stopped reading it after 10 mpages and threw it away . Actaully , I threw it out with th reclyes bin.I remebereed later that their was talked that J. Ayers , the self avowed murderer , was the ghost author of this book . I 'm gald I threw it away and will just watch the 2016 DVD I recently ordered .
 `` Crackers '' is as insulting to me as the N-word that we 're NOT allowed to say on here , is to them.And for him to refer to his grandmother as a `` typical white woman ?? '' what 's that about ? cuz he 's a `` typical mulatto ? ''
 Talk about self-absorbed ! Stuck in a self-centered identity crisis that he does n't seem to grow out of , Obama let me down in this book and I could n't force myself to read the last section . I ended up selling it at Half-Price Books .
 Check out new DVD `` Dreams from My Real Father '' instead of this book . It chronicles Obama 's life in socialism , and starts with making the case that Communist Frank Marshall Davis was Obama 's biological father .
 This book is a joke . It is silly , self serving and I actually read it and wasted a good 4 hours out of my life that I will NEVER be able to replace . It was horrible .
 This is typical shameless garbage that the criminal elite use to promote themselves and their underlings . And do n't be ridiculous and think that slick BHO even wrote this book . None of our phoney , criminal , deviant , controlled `` leaders '' ever write any of the shameless books that are attributed to them . Why do we continue to be so naive and foolish ? Why do we continue to think that we live in any sort of democracy?What can be said for sure about BHO is that he is an attractive man who can spew forth what is written for him in an eloquent manner . Oh , and he has nice white teeth . That 's it folks , and I could care less what Oprah and all those little Hollywood turds gush about him , because BHO is a manufactured cut-out of a candidate who will be completely controlled by all the usual suspects . But , do n't think just anyone could do what BHO does . He has a small army of helpers creating his image , dressing him , booking teeth whitening appointments , and white washing his past - especially on the internet . He has obviously had quite a bit of training in public speaking , but not just the `` normal '' type that you and I might sign up for . No , no . What he 's been well trained in -LRB- as was Clinton , Reagan , and many others -RRB- is neurolinguistic programming -LRB- NLP -RRB- and subtle hypnotic/subliminal speech patterns . Of course it also helps a great deal that everywhere he speaks is `` specially wired '' for sound , which affects the audience in ways they probably could n't comprehend or believe . This type of frequency manipulation of brain waves and body rhythms has been perfected for well over 2 decades . But , that 's getting off topic ... Anyways , the amount of misdirection , inconsistency , undocumented statements / claims , and total shameless introspective pyscho mish-mash in this book is gut wrenching -LRB- in a bad way -RRB- . But for a sane person searching for the truth , here are some questions to ponder
 I am an undecided voter and decided to read this book hoping to gain some valuable insight on the presidential nominee . I did gain some insight , that for all his education , he has n't learned to look beyond skin color . Want change ? Read this book , it will change the way you look at Obama . I am biracial and I do not struggle with it , I am proud to be ALL that I am . The color of my skin is not who I am . I do not want a President who only sees the world in black & white .
 Check out new DVD `` Dreams from My Real Father '' . It chronicles Obama 's life in socialism , and starts with making the case that Communist Frank Marshall Davis was Obama 's biological father . `
 `` I ceased to advertise my mothers race at the age of 12 or 13 . '' - Obama writes , `` Our rage at the white world needed no object ... no independant confirmation ; it could be switched on and off at our pleasure . `` OBAMA sounds like A RACIST to me!its a good thing for obama that `` typical white people '' dont read books ; or this would of killed his chances long ago!Is this the kind of stuff that MLK Jr would have said or did ? No ... he had every reason to be hateful towards `` other races '' that `` oppressed '' him ; but he wasnt ... he simply went out and created the change he wanted to see ; he didnt blame anybody or go to a church that talked about hate and blame ... what kind of god would that be that tought such things?How come oprah left rev wrights church in less than two years ... but obama has been there for over 20 yrs ?
 Anyone who voted for this man should be ashamed of themselves ! He is ruining our country with his racist , communist crap .
 Should be reclassified as an autofabrication.A total set of lies of an empty life by an empty suit.Made it all up.The man is a hoax .
 If you wrote a book , you did n't get there on your own . You did n't get there on your own . I 'm always struck by people who think , well it must be because I was so smart . They are a lot of smart people out there . It must be because I worked harder on the book than anybody else . Let me tell you something , they are a lot of hard-working writers out there . If you were successful , somebody along the line gave you some help -LRB- to correct the mistakes for example -RRB- . There was a great teacher somewhere in your life -LRB- maybe not , in fact the reason you needed somebody to correct the spelling mistakes is because you went to a failed public school . Somebody Somebody helped create this unbelievable American system that we have that allowed you to thrive -LRB- no not the founding fathers but super LBJ . And before LBJ ? Blank out -RRB- Somebody invested in roads and bridges . If you wrote a book -LRB- and sold it on Amazon -RRB- you did n't write that . Somebody else made that happen . The internet did n't get invented on his own . Government research created the internet so that all the companies could make profit out of the internet . -LRB- Journalist
 I wrote a hasty review and spoke my true feelings about Barack Hussein Obama 's memoir of self-discovery . Amazon refused to publish it probably because I said what I think
 I felt that the Obama had n't mastered a unified voice . The narration veered from lyrical to vernacular to ungrammatical colloquial -- and all in the narrator 's voice . Obama did n't identify his own voice and then let characters speak in their voices ; his voice shifted in tone and language so much that I felt he evoked an `` unreliable narrator . '' I do n't think that was his intention . As a result , the potentially moving aspects of the book were diminished .
 I swallowed this book for the first ten pages . It was intriguing , conversational , and I was excited to read about the man I voted for . I was into this book all the way up until he went to Africa . After he went to visit his family , there were just too many names and characters involved and I went from being confused to not caring at all . The author would tell me things like someone sipped a cup of tea . In a fiction story , that matters -- in a nonfiction story , it 's irrelevant . Many of the things Barack encountered while in Africa were unnecessary to tell me in this book although they may have been imperative to him . Every once in awhile , I 'd hear a good story from his grandmother , I liked to hear about his father and grandfather growing up , but all the cousins/midwives/brothers / sisters etc. were a bore to read about .
 The book seems to go to great length to avoid substance . The preface says all characters except family are ` composite characters ' , that is not real people.The first part describes early life , but not much is said about `` I believe '' any particular thing . It offers some mention of exposure to Muslim beliefs in Indonesia . Summary of part one ... `` although I grew up in a White family , I totally rejected the White teachings of my mother '' -LRB- not a direct quote -RRB- . Part 2 touches on work between colleges . Some empathy for less fortunate , and some mention of community work . Description of Harvard is `` I applied for Harvard '' , `` I was accepted '' , and `` I attended '' . Literally , that was it ; 3 sentences . There is a world of support and encouragement missing , since I always thought Harvard did n't take just anyone , and tuition is n't cheap.Most of the rest of the book is concerning his visit to family in Kenya -LRB- after a 2 week tour of Europe -RRB- . The military picture on the cover , I guess , was his Grand-Father , since he never said he was in the Military . He lists many experiences of several generations of his Father 's family.Rev . White is mentioned , and the fact he met Michelle.There a few places in the book that would draw a conclusion on how `` White '' people misbehaved , which did n't strike me as being fair and open minded , since certainly not everyone from any race is any one thing.This is meant as my -LRB- only -RRB- take on the book .
 `` Dreams from my Father '' is a depressing , disturbing work , one that presents a bleak and hopeless vision of America 's future . Barack Obama 's memoir hinges on the premise that defeating racism depends upon white people understanding black people , and that white people can never understand black people . If that 's true , we as Americans are doomed to never having any sense of brotherhood or common cultural ground that crosses the racial divide , and we might as well acknowledge that blacks are all filled with rage and have highly justified reasons for despising whites . Another point Obama takes pains to underline is that biracial/multicultural identity does not exist , and people who have mixed-race ancestry are angry , miserable and emotionally messed up because of their forebears ' decision to intermarry.Buying into Obama 's segregationist policies means that every black/biracial person I have ever met has treated me with calculated deceit . I refuse to believe that . Therefore , I reject his philosophy.Barack Obama is not a person I can relate to on any level.He 's a complete narcissist , and reading some passages was an uncomfortable experience -LRB- like watching someone pleasure himself while gazing into a mirror -RRB- . I do wonder if he remains at this level of an angst-ridden adolescent . This book came out when he was an adult -LRB- note
 Note the absence of stars marked . It takes a tremendous ego to decide to write an autobiography at age 30 , particularly when your employer thinks you are writing something related to your position . I read this in an effort to find more about the President and it is obvious to me why it did n't sell until he was campaigning in 2008 . I made myself read a chapter every evening in order to finish . It is boring . The author is clearly caught up with his own importance and spends an inordinate amount of time describing himself and things that did not in any way relate to the story . Every move in Kenya is dragged on and on including his relieving himself and taking a shower . He may be President and may be able to charm folks with his `` folksy '' speeches , but as a writer ? Not even ! The only thing I gleaned from the book is that he is anything other than the Obama he projects . The important part is , he did n't even know his father ! A waste of good reading time that could have been spent on an author who is n't in love with themselves .
 I read this book hoping to gain some perspective on how President Obama came to his ideas about our country , none of which I agree on.What I found was a constant bashing from the black man on the white man . His mother , a white woman , raised him as best she could and shielded him so well from racism that he did not even know it existed until he had his first black friend in high school -- a friend who poisoned his mind with pure hate for white people . Then , as if Obama was mad at his mother for not doing the same , he deserted her after high school and became more associated with more radical , white-person-hate-filled blacks . I do n't understand how his mom concludes Barack gets his `` honesty and good character '' from his father , who deserted him as a toddler and eventually became a bitter drunk.I think it is not coincidental that Obama holds such negative beliefs about white people , yet never experienced racism himself and is the President of the United States . If this does n't prove that black people are offered as much opportunity as whites , I do not know what does.Anyone who walks away from this book `` inspired '' I would quickly have to ask why/how . It is scary to think this kind of talk proliferates in the black community . Black men tearing each other down and constantly blaming their failures on the `` white man '' will not progress black men any further . Black men deserting the mothers of their children and not raising their children , in particular their boys , will do nothing to raise that particular segment of the community along . I know plenty of successful black people , and I can rest assured they do not look for racism in the faces of every white person they see , nor blame their problems on the `` white man . `` White people have struggles too -- I struggled my whole life and was told many times I would fail , yet I am here and have managed to accomplish most of what I set out to do . I have also experienced racism from blacks yet do not hold it against them . Racism exists within every community and every race . Yet I would have to argue that where I see most racism playing out today is actually within the black community . If `` certain '' oppressed black people want to move up in the world , then they should -LRB- 1 -RRB- commit and stay with the mother of your child/children and -LRB- 2 -RRB- stop blaming others for your mistakes and ignore what you may think to be racism . Constantly tearing each others dreams down and calling each other the `` n '' word , while saying the white man will never let you get anywhere does NOTHING for progress.I opened this book hoping for a deeper understanding of a man I did not understand . I walked away with it more disgusted with racism and perpetual hate within the black community .
 I read this in an effort to see inside Obama , try to understand him better . When I was done , I did n't feel I understood him any better . To say that Obama is preoccupied on the subject of `` power '' is , I feel , quite an understatement . Often negative , I could n't understand how someone seeking power -LRB- eventually the Presidency -RRB- , could be so negative about it . The other recurring subject was about race . Again , a mixed bag . Finally , as written it reads more like The Life of Barrack Obama than about Dreams From My Father.Throughout the book , I kept wondering how anyone so young could be so analytical , so philosophical about life , their roots , where they belong , and on and on . At this point , I do n't buy it . What I truly think is that more than an autobiography , it is political positioning!Repeatedly throughout the book , something that happened was presented in story form , followed immediately by Obama 's reaction/thoughts on issues underlying the story . Not reactions or thoughts as an adult , but at the time they happened . `` black '' ! Anyone with an ounce of honesty and an IQ above 3 knows that `` blacks '' have gone through hell to get where they are today ! But not everyone `` black '' has history . Obama never had to deal with racism first hand . This book makes it obvious that first and foremost , he considers himself an African American with Kenyan -LRB- actually Luo -RRB- heritage . Could he be after `` the black votes '' ? His book reflects a young man who often discusses `` black '' issues with his friends . His friends saw him far more concerned about his weight.It is understandable why Barack devoted few details of his dad due to their nature . A book about Obama , Sr. might well be entitled `` A Fallen Star '' . In short , highly intelligent , a Harvard education , all throw away by stubborness , arrogance , and a dream . The dream - to have the recently independent Kenya governed by a SOCIALISTIC REGIME .
 Neal seems to miss the entire point of being `` COOL '' , Cool people do not brag about their `` coolness '' , you either are or your not . This Book is just his vain attempt of not to realize he is amazingly boring and uncool .
 Neal Pollack 's memoir , Alternadad , is a witty , honest , and engaging story of the struggles of parenthood . It had me laughing and remembering our own struggles as my wife and I raised two sons who are now adults . The Pollack 's experiences are not much different from any parent in spite of the fact that Pollack prides himself on being counter-culture . I was with Pollack all the way until the last quarter of the book when I realized I was becoming angry with him and his wife and could n't wait until I finished the book . He described his son 's biting habit in a way that gave not one indication on his or his wife 's part about the possibility that they might have something to do with it . They haul their kid off to a rock concert when the temperature is over 100 degrees just to let him hear great rock music never thinking for one moment that rock music might interfere with the development of the neural connections of his young brain . Rock music is great but not for babies . Pollack says that he wants his son to be just like him but he forgets he is only a baby and not a thirty-five year old man who is having his own problems growing up , and he never for once thinks that the kid might not want to be like him . Could it also be that the child 's biting problem is a reaction to the pressure to be just like dad?I applaud Pollack 's honesty in this memoir and his great writing ability , but the story does n't show any kind of personal growth on his or his wife 's part . The book jacket says that this book , '' ... might just be the parenting bible for a new generation of mothers and fathers . '' Let 's hope not .
 As a resident of the neighborhood in Austin where some of the `` action '' in the book took place , I 'd say Pollack got the details right . But the overall tone of the book is a bit narcissistic and juvenile . Hard to be a good father when you refuse to grow up yourself .
 Neal Pollack , for all his braggadoccio -LRB- i.e. telling the reader how cool/hip/alternative he is because of how many women he 's slept with/how much marijuana he smokes -RRB- , is nothing more than the average , run-of-the mill , immature white male thirty-something who thinks his boringly conventional and secure suburban lifestyle is somehow alternative -LRB- whatever this ridiculously hackneyed term means anymore -RRB- . He meets a woman , Regina Allen , whom he feels he can actually commit himself to , gets married , and decides to have a child and the rest of the memoir is basically about Neal telling the reader that these orthodox decisions do not mean he needs to relinquish his commitment to leading an alternative lifestlye . Anyway , I 'm not saying that the only way to live ` alternatively ' is to dwell in some ecovillage in places like Ithaca/Berkeley/Eugene , or to engage in polyamory , or to have one 's children be delivered by a midwife and eschew vaccination/circumcision/diapers , etc. but I am saying that as far as I can discern , there is nothing alternative about Neal Pollack 's choice of lifestyle . If anything , reading this book was almost a slap in the face to someone who does try to lead an alternative lifestyle -LRB- and does not approve of such heterosexist institutions as marriage or such a human rights violation as circumcision -RRB- . Get over yourself , Neal .
 I have read other books by this author and enjoyed them even though they are very historically written . The book started slow and never picked up . I had expected better from a book about Isabella .
 It is surprising to note that the author of this book had written published items before . Firstly the book takes forever to get through , it just plods on and is not well written . It is completely and horribly disappointing a book . Most of the book is conjecture and no real proof the authors ' assumptions are given . She jumps from one area to another and the writing is completely disjointed . I recommend saving your dosh for a book that is more historically accurate and a better read . I could not wait to finish this book , and not for any positive reason . On one page she even contradicted the dates regarding the same item . Her conjecture is ridiculous and makes no historical sense at all . She would have been better writing a fiction novel , for that is what this truly is .
 Alison Weir is the most biased writer of history I 've ever read . She constantly slants things to conform to her own ideas of what `` really '' happened in history . I find it ironic that she goes out of her way to prove Isabella 's innocence after the hatchett job she did on Richard III . I do n't enjoy her writing style either . She rambles on from one thing to another and quite frankly , she 's boring . I could not even finish her `` Mary Queen of Scots and Lord Darnley '' as fascinating a story as that is . I wo n't be reading any more of her books .
 I am 88 . All my life I have loved my English History & the English Countryside . I have travelled in all the old 52 Counties of England & Wales . Against this background I find that Alison Weir has written the best historical Biography & the best History I have ever read . Of the criticised detail ; for me , the Topography is a bonus . Overall the detail provides the facts . Most Professional Historians patronise the lay reader by relegating the facts to references or footnotes . Then by a deliberatively cultivated oersonal style they present their interpretaions of the facts as the correct history . Alison Weir allows the reader to make his own interpretation of the facts as well as a judgment on her own interpretation of them . I have not yet even read all the book - as you know its delivery was delayed - but I have read enough to know that each remaining page will continue to give me increasing delight . I end with one of many personal experiences reading this superb book . `` In August 1924 I had a family seaside holiday at Walton on the Naze . One evening there was an adventurous expedition with other families to walk ` Round the Point ' . As a child of 6 I remember clearly seeing in the evening sunlight the grassy mound with a few rocks where the castle once stood . No mention was ever made then or later to this being the place where Isabella had spent her first night in England on her return . In fact our families ' expedition was a memorable occasion as there were several children for the adults to safeguard & we were nearly cut off by the incoming tide . Now my memory of that shingled shore is enhanced , not by nostalgia , but knowledge . ''
 If you want to read historical fiction that is both accurate and exciting , read anything by Sharon Kay Penman
 About the only good thing we have to report is that the narrator , Lisette Lecat , has a pleasant voice.The problem was Weir . In all honesty , I have never come across a work of historical non-fiction so biased , so slanted as to be almost untenable.Here are Weir 's salient points : Edward II was evil.Isabella was a saint.Really , those are the points made over and over and over and over . Now we 're no expert nor do we have a dog in this fight , but we 're pretty certain that any historical portrait should be a tad more balanced to be taken seriously . I was reluctant to even continue on with it for fear that Weir was unreliable all together . I understand a historian having personal preferences , but to present them as fact when they are n't is irresponsible in non-fiction . Unless it 's about Hitler ... that 's pretty much my only exception .
 Alison Weir has written better biographies than this . Although it is very , very thorough , this same thoroughness makes it quite boring . The author often keeps repeating the same things . For example , the people who supported Isabella are repeated times and times again with long explanations of the reasons why , while they remained mostly the same people with the same motives.Nevertheless , Isabella is a very interesting subject and Weir is convincing in her effort to rehabilitate Isabella from the bad press she has received from male chroniclers through the ages .
 Reviewer Alianore 's opinion `` Rather too indulgent of its subject '' is a very accurate portrayal of Weir 's work . I will try to add something to that near perfect review . -LRB- Note
 Queen Isabella
 Isabella of France , queen of England -LRB- c.1295-1358 -RRB- , has been unjustly vilified down the centuries as ` the She-Wolf of France ' and condemned as wicked and unnatural by writers of the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries incensed that a woman could rebel against her lawfully wedded spouse . Nowadays , however , she is almost always portrayed as a long-suffering , put-upon victim of her neglectful husband who is miraculously transformed into an empowered feminist icon , striking a courageous blow for women everywhere by fighting back against marital oppression and finding an opportunity for self-fulfilment by taking a lover . Depictions of her reflect the way society currently views women who step outside the bounds of conventional behaviour rather than the real Isabella , who was neither a modern feminist and believer in sexual equality transplanted to the Middle Ages , nor an evil unfeminine caricature . Alison Weir 's hagiography , oops I mean biography , of Isabella follows the usual modern trend , depicting Isabella as miraculously changing from a Great Helpless Victim to the Great Saviour of England in 1326/27 . Her victimhood is hopelessly overstated here , as it always is these days , and Weir tries too hard to absolve Isabella of blame for her later actions , when she and her favourite Roger Mortimer ruled England for her young son from 1327 to 1330 . There are numerous factual errors in the work , nothing too big and important , admittedly , but they made me grit my teeth.One example of Weir 's endless whitewashing of her subject - and ohhh boy , does she go out of her way to whitewash her subject - is what she says about the widow and children of Hugh Despenser , her husband 's ` favourite ' whom Isabella and her paramour Mortimer executed in 1326 . Weir claims that Isabella did n't harbour vindictive feelings towards them , which could hardly be further from the truth . In fact , Isabella had three of Despenser 's young daughters forcibly veiled as nuns , in three separate convents , although they were only approximately ten , seven and four years old at the time . This was a cruel and spiteful act that took place less than six weeks after their father 's execution ; Alison Weir , unable to admit that her beloved Isabella did such a thing , states extremely disingenuously that the girls `` later became nuns '' . Hmmmm . She also fails to notice , although the orders are in plain view on the Close Roll , that Isabella imprisoned eighteen children in Chester Castle in 1327 as hostages for the good behaviour of the townspeople , who had supposedly been ` disobedient and ill-behaved ' towards her fourteen-year-son King Edward III . This does n't tend to indicate that her motive for invading England and ending her husband 's rule had much to do with her horror of his tyranny against his enemies and their wives and children , as Weir claims . The contemporary Brut chronicle , which says that in the late 1320s `` the community of England began to hate Isabel the queen '' , is mysteriously not cited , though Weir finds plenty of space to quote the fawningly pro-Isabella/anti-Edward II Jean Froissart , even though he was n't born till about 1337 and did n't visit England until 1366 and again in the 1390s , and is hopelessly unreliable for the 1320s . Weir misquotes a poem dating to 1346 , calls it a ` chronicle ' and pretends that it dates to 1326 , as part of her evidence that Isabella was widely beloved in England at the time of her invasion that year and soon after . -LRB- As the poem 's modern title is ` An Invective Against France , 1346 ' and was clearly written in the period shortly after the battle of Crecy that year , and as it refers to Isabella as ` the king 's mother , Isabella ' - which Weir has to misquote as ` Mother Isabella ' to make it look like it belongs to 1326 - it 's hard to see how this error was unintentional . -RRB- Weir 's double standards are irksome . Hugh Despenser 's presumed sexual dominance over Edward is proof of Edward 's weakness and incapacity , and `` perverted '' to boot . However , Roger Mortimer 's presumed sexual dominance over Isabella provides a convenient excuse for Isabella not to be responsible for any of her misdeeds , which can be blamed on the scapegoat Mortimer.There are in fact some unpleasant statements about Edward II 's sexuality
 THIS BOOK 'S COVER & THE DESCRIPTIONS WILL MAKE YOU THINK THAT YOU HAVE FOUND A GOLDMINE OF A BOOK TO START YOUR YEAR OFF WITH READING BUT FROM THE 1ST PAGE IT WAS A WASTE AND I WAS SOOOO DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS ONE . I FELT THT IT WAS HARD AND CONFUSING TO FOLLOW THE STORY . WHOEVER HEARD OF A PREACHER 'S WIFE DRINKING A SLIDING ON A POLE !!!!!
 Not nearly as enjoyable as his earlier books . Reads like a rough road . Character relationships seemed very awkward . Pretty good story line , but not fun to read .
 The Romulans used to be my favorite Star Trek villains . I read the Rihannsu series because I thought it would be a fun exploration of Romulan culture and history . However , I barely recognized the Romulans in Rihannsu . The book degrades them and seems to radically alter their characters . The main character , Ael , seems too perfect , while the rest of the Romulans seem like a bunch of buffoons . Furthermore , the book radically changes Romulan history that just does n't seem realistic . It 's too bad - the Romulans as presented in the Original Series were fascinating characters who had both honor and deviousness . The Romulans in Rihannsu have little of either .
 I really hate it when authors make substantial changes to the Star Trek universe and call it Star Trek . The timeline in this book does n't match the established timeline from the series and movies , too much emphasis is placed on new and unlikely characters , way too much of the story takes place in the recreation room -LRB- so as to give time to a new character -RRB- , and too much emphasis is placed on using Romulan - excuse me , Rihannsu - terms to the point that our historical heroes do n't even call the home planet Romulus -LRB- yet they start doing it again in the Next Generation ? -RRB- . Also , the story moves so slowly that you need the 4-book anthology for anything to ever really happen .
 The end of this book , Bloodwing , is not the end of the story . You need to read The Empty Chair -LRB- not included in Bloodwing -RRB- to finish it . Whether you consider this a spoiler or not , I do n't care , because every person who buys this book should know it is n't complete.Actually the first two stories can very well stand alone . It 's when you get into the third which was originally two separately published books that you get into the serial . It would be so bad if there was at least one main storyline that was completed , but the third book 's story was so unfinished that in this volume it is combined with the fourth.Were it not for the publisher 's greed in the way these books were handled , I would still only give the story a 3 star rating and I have read over 200 of the various incarnations of Star Trek novels from TOS and TNG to DSN and Voyager . Even Titan and New Frontier . This one is just poor science fiction.Again the first and second books are decent enough . Give them four stars . But the serial trilogy that ends this series is just not good . My biggest complaint is that the plot introduces one super-weapon after another . I lost count . The ships fighting in this TOS era story would have easily been a match for Enterprise E and DSN 's Defiant . And the lengths the Sunseed project were taken to late in the story are nothing but supernatural - well beyond reasonable science fiction.Many other plot points are beyond belief even given this is sci-fi , but I wo n't list them lest they be spoilers .
 I finished this book only because I paid $ 30 for it . I read a lot , and considering that , this is one of the worst books I 've ever read . At times it was painful - I was constantly cringing and looking away with my eyes closed.The reasons for this are :1 . Cliche . This book is one big cliche - the most unoriginal metaphors and similies I have ever come across . Awful .2 . Language - I suppose it 's supposed to be written as the author speaks or thinks , but it does n't work - it screams unoriginality . Chick lit does not have to be this banal . One of the worst examples is this
 This book was very mediocre , but I read it until the end . You have the party girl gold digging eastern european who speaks in 3rd person and screws Russian mobsters , check . Black girl who was kicked out the dorm for being a baby mama and who could dance , check . Sweet as pie christian who has the favor of the lord on her and all good things happen , check . Playboy french charmer modelizer , check . Bitchy boss/agent with gay happy boy assistant , check . Meh!The protagonist is nice enough , but very laissez faire about everything . She CLAIMS to want to be some big model but wants to do none of the work for it . Sure , she goes on some castings , but the girls spend like every single night partying and getting drunk , then refuse to ever workout yet expect to drop weight . They whine about the `` lucky bitch '' who DOES get up every morning to workout and ends up snagging a huge campaign , yet do n't put 2 and 2 together that maybe they should also workout . She goes to the gym for half an hour ONE time the whole book , big whoop . Then wonders why she is n't working . NONE of the girls in that dorm are working , so I do n't know if they should even be called models . Just party girls who want to bitch about everything.The `` love story '' is weak at best . They go on 3 whole dates in 6 months , two of which he does n't kiss her or anything , yet she 's soooo wrapped up in him to the point that she wo n't date anyone else . You can tell that he 's some slick talking suave playboy but she decides to take his side even when someone nice and helpful clearly has her best interests in mind and has done no wrong . Weak plotline with Row-Bear for sure.I too hated the inconsistent accessories like other comments mentioned . One moment jimmy choos another louboutins , get it together!Quick enough read , but not that exciting . Knew what was coming a mile away -LRB- not to mention we start the book 6 months in and then go back to lead up to it , so we are literally told what to expect -RRB- and it was way too cliche so there were NO surprises.How convenient that she meets this guy who gives her a super high paying job for no reason whatsoever and then gets her into college JUST as her modeling is falling apart . And her one big break in the WHOLE book happens on the day something else occurs , oh wow , suspense and `` what will she do ?? '' ... yawn . She 's whining about the industry yet did n't put any effort into being a part of the industry , just felt like a silly girl who liked the IDEA of modeling .
 This book is predictable , boring , and sometimes painful to read . The heroine -- no , not heroine , as she does n't actually DO anything -- is mildly interesting , if only there were a plot for her . The most aggravating thing , though , is the book 's junior-high insistence on repeatedly replacing characters ' names with ridiculous phrases . As in , `` the Frenchman '' or `` the Russian girl . '' So annoying .
 So I read this book because it was a second chance story . However , I felt that the romance aspect got lost in the `` mystery story '' . It did n't feel so much like a romance . I 've noticed that a lot with these stories though . There is so much else going on rather than focusing on the relationship I feel like I 've been diverted into the spy/mystery/murder world . I guess if I wanted to read that genre I would have read a book like that.I really do n't like it when one of the characters is basically sentenced to death and there is n't a lot to do about it . Not sure of the laws back then , but come on ... she brought him to the authorities attention !!! She was a young child when she was `` forced '' to do some of the things that she had to do . I do n't believe that she killed that man ! Did David ever acknowledge that ? David did betray her though , but I guess all that is okay since he was doing if for the greater good , right ????
 Despite the original plotting , I just could not get in to this book . Still , I pushed on , thinking that such a good premise was bound to lead some where interesting . It did not.This book had everything , and I do mean EVERYTHING , except a compelling romance . Which is kind of sad . I liked the characters -LRB- for the most part -RRB- , but they became lost in the kitchen sink story telling . Sometimes less really is more ,
 I have a young family with small children and was looking to this book for some key things that we could do in this stage of our lives to make sure we are on top of preventitive health . I ended up reading the whole thing hoping I would find some helpful things in it that would really stand out , but it was just kind of one of those reviews of things you kind of already know . Like , sleep is important and good-type stuff . The main disappointment I had was that , although common ailments for certain decades of life are presented , there was n't much preventative health information and the author seems pretty supportive of modern medicine . That is to say , perhaps too much , with not enough emphasis on other methods of treatment or prevention . I think I will look more into Dr. Weil 's 8 Weeks to Optimum Health or Solve it With Supplements !
 `` The Check List '' by Manny Alvarez was a terribledisappointment , and offered little help in familymedical matters or information . When we neededcrucial information on a lymph node question wefound little or nothing . Scanning the book thereappears to be little else that is impressive orfrom which someone would obtain detailed and helpfulinformation or guidance . A total waste of money .
 A DATE ON CLOUD NINE by Jenna McKnight is a paranormal romance in which the heroine , Lilly , dies and is sent back to Earth on a mission
 The first chapter had me hooked , but as I continued to read , I slowly lost interest . This is yet another one of those historical romances with spies ! But the gist this time is that women are the spies . I give Peterson kudos for that aspect and that of our heroine Ana who after 5 years still pines over her husband who is dead . YIPPY ... no nasty first husband clich&eacute; here.But when Ana 's good friend Emily , another spy -LRB- who had a horrible first marriage -RRB- is shot , Ana recommends herself to take over the case and she comes in contact with the first man after her `` paragon '' husband who makes her all tingly inside . Lucas is that scrumptious hero who is at odds with our heroine , but their distain for each other turns into more enjoyable things , like rolling around in the garden , yes during a ton party and they get caught . They were pretending to be engaged after all so that can catch the horrible criminal responsible for shooting off all the spies . And after all , they must do the right thing after all . But Lucas does n't mind because he really does want Ana as his wife.I did feel for Lucas who falls for Ana first but since Ana ca n't get over dead husband , Lucas does n't know what to do . He wants to own her body and soul ! Ana just likes his kisses.This should seem like a good book overall , but there was something missing . The chemistry between the two lovers is n't as hot and all consuming as it should be and the villain of the piece can be figured out very soon.If you want a nice popcorn type romance , this is the best bet . But please , this whole on-going routine about lady and lords becoming spies is getting ridiculous.Look for Lady Emily 's spy story to come after this one.KateiabsFrom London With LoveSeduction Is Forever
 I was looking forward to a real spy thriller here but all I got was a couple paragraphs of the spy plot in between pages of Anastasia and Lucas both having daydreams of of each other , or Anastasia bemoaning that she was n't good enough to do the Job or Anastasia bemoaning the fact that she was being unfaithful to her dead husband -LRB- and even with all that you know who the spy is right off . -RRB- Lady Anastasia was without any backbone or self confidence , she was just too wishy , washy and weak for me . I like stronger heroines . And I hated the constant comparison between Lucas and her dead husband , it got old . I made it three quarters of the way through the book and I just could n't take any more and I never had any desire to finish it . The book went in the box to donate to my local library . It might be more someone else 's cup of tea .
 This book contains false information leading to a false premise , that we -LRB- mankind -RRB- can even change the temperature . The truth is , do the math ! IPCC 's own numbers , of a trillion tons of CO2 removed equals only one degree change . Well ? The problem is , the whole planet burns only 30 billion tons per year . OK , for those who actually believe in this nonsense , I 'll do the math for you . That 's about 33 years of no , nada , and zero movement on the planet to lower one degree ! Ugggggg . But buy the book if you want a good laugh .
 Having just read Joseph Romm 's book and , earlier , other global warming and climate change alarmist books , I 've been assured by Romm and others that the case has already been decided . In case you missed it , as I had , the debate has been held , and there is no need for further discussion . Anyone who disagrees is a denier -LRB- as in denying the Holocaust -RRB- and should be subjected to Nuremberg-style trials . Consensus . -LRB- You 're a meteorologist and you do n't believe in man-made global warming ? You should be fired ! -RRB- Slam dunk for climate change and global warming , right ? No ! In fact , nothing could be further from the truth . There is no such thing as consensus in science and there never will be . Scientific method precludes consensus . Like the Medieval Warm Period and the Little Ice Age that followed , the current very mild warming period is cyclical -- always has been , always will be and it has nothing to do with man-made global warming . Nothing ! The global warming alarmist/Kyoto scam scare is nothing less than a brazen attempt by the UN and -- especially -- pathologically jealous European globalists/interventionists to bring America down to the primitive energy level of the rest of the world . Which is exactly where we will be , and deserve to be , if we fall for such snake oil scams . If you want the real unvarnished truth about global warming/climate change/the Kyoto scam , read The Politically Incorrect Guide to Global Warming and Environmentalism by Christopher C. Horner . The truth about global warming is only one book away ... and it shall set you free .
 I so wanted to like this book because I really love Greek Gods . And the premise showed lots of potential and drew me in . Unfortunately the execution was lacking . The dialogue was stale and there was lots of telling , rather than showing . No deep point of view into the characters - it left me cold and I found myself skipping whole paragraphs just to get through it . I think the story could still hold up and the original premise would work , but I think a re-write is in order to make this more exciting and fun .
 I thought this would be a fun , quirky read , but was very disappointed . The premise was weak , the characters were not well developed , and the dialogue was even worse . Almost everyone 's behavior was appalling - from parents who curse their children and ca n't over it for more than 3,000 years , to other parents who hide in plain sight from their `` orphaned '' children . By the end , I no longer cared whether Darius remained a statue or not .
 I thought this was an interesting idea -LRB- a new take on `` One Touch of Venus , '' sort of -RRB- but the author showed a real lack of understanding of Greek mythology and even Greek NAMES . Her hero is named Darius ? That 's obviously Latin , plus she had a Greek king named Edward . Edward ! You know , like Edmund , Edgar , Edwin , and all those Old English names . Why not Gawain and Uther Pendragon on Mount Olympus ! It just is n't that hard to find a baby name book and look for Greek names or pick up a children 's book about Greek mythology . I know the names are a minor point , but it really took me out of the story right off the start . In general , the author was good with the humor but not so good with dialogue -LRB- not enough dialogue for one thing -RRB- and not very good at characterization . The plot got kind of hokey and the epilogue specifically was a silly idea .
 I always look for books that involve Greek and Roman gods/goddesses and was anticipating this book as a light read . Well , it was a heavy book in that it kept falling to the bottom of my reading pile , buried under other , more worthwhile books . I would start and read a few pages , put it away and forget about it , then looking for something to read , find it and start again . The female heroine never came alive to me at all . We never learned enough of her psychological or emotional backstory to make her current behavior interesting . It was patently obvious early on who the missing father was going to be and that subplot added nothing the story esp when the sisters accept their father 's failure to identify himself with no more than a shrug . The sections on Mt. Olympus were almost painfully trite , e.g. Zeus controls the weather with a computer . In the end , it was just not a very interesting book and I finished it only because I had grabbed it to read while on a plane trip .
 I read a lot of books of the fantasy genre . I picked this one up on sale at a store while traveling.It did n't take long to figure out why it was on sale . The most appealing part of the book was the cover art . The content is hard to read and does n't keep your attention . I found myself having to read sections of each page multiple times because it seem that the smallest thing would distract me . Once my eyes left the page I would totally forget what I had just read . I contribute this to her using so many discriptive words in every sentence and the fact that it just was n't interesting . I never had the feeling of being pulled into the story.If asked to recommend a book of this genre to someone , this one would never enter my mind .
 A small band of wizards and warriors must find the lost royal child prophesied to end the reign of an ` evil ' , self-proclaimed goddess-empress . Adapting that main plotline from * Willow * , Madeline Howard 's first novel * The Hidden Stars * further combines several Tolkien-esque elements -LRB- wondrously dexterous elves/fey ; vastly powerful wizards ; not nine but twelve misshapen servants of the villain -RRB- to create an initially promising but unfortunately disappointing fantasy experience.All or almost all fantasy plots have been explored time and again . What matters is the execution , and that 's where this story falls short . It opens with the birth of the promised child and her disappearance -LRB- or death -RRB- in a cataclysmic battle between a wizard and the empress 's servants . It then moves twenty years forward , to a time when the promised one has reportedly been sighted in a distant land . The good forces dispatch a small company to find her , racing , of course , against the evil forces.A core problem is that , in the opening section , it 's never shown how the empress became so powerful or why she 's evil . We 're simply to assume she is both . Echoes of this problem continue throughout -LRB- perhaps because of the strange viewpoint shifts -- a main character is not well established -RRB- . In the way of characterization , telling is often preferred to showing , perhaps because there 's little of depth to show . In comparison with the characters from Martin 's * A Game of Thrones * or any of Guy Gavriel Kay 's novels , these are quite bland and stereotypical . -LRB- The wizards are calm and wise ; the young heroine determined yet self-questioning ; the half-elven prince amazingly agile and quick-witted . -RRB- The book 's cover is perhaps ironically telling
 I wanted to enjoy this book , I truly did , but it just did not work for me . For one thing I believe that Ms. Howard has too densely populated her book with fantastical characters
 I picked up this book for $ 6 at my community college bookstore last year . I finally started reading it this winter break . I love fantasy books and this book had my completely open mind -- good title , good cover , good summary ... . not so good story . The whole time you are left wondering why nothing is ever SOLVED . Problems arise here and there and there , and here ... . but nothing is ever fixed . When will Sinderian and her crew make it to the princess . When will the princess ' company be saved from the Eisenlonders , when will the Empress Ouriana be stopped , when will Faeloin be turned human again , when will Winloki find her amazing powers , when will all the ` heroes ' be strong and stop complaining ?????? Seems the only person that gets anything her way is the evil empress . How annoying . -LRB- Btw , i know i mispelled probably every single name , but who cares !!!! -RRB- I almost fell asleep a few times ... . and I turned page after page hoping there was some point , some climax to the story . And sure enough there were interesting parts , but they fizzled out quickly . I only wish I had spent my time reading something better ...
 This book is geared for someone that has alot of free time to herself . Perhaps someone that is a stay at home wife or has retired and has all the time in the world to do Mariel 's suggestions . If you are busy with a job because you have to work like most people , than this book is not for you .
 I purchased this item and sent 2 as gifts after seeing Mariel on television talking about the book . It was not what I thought , filled with buddha images . Being a Christian it was sent to Christians with no knowledge these were in the book .
 Why Why Why does Mrs. MacLean feel she must in every and I mean every book invent a hero who is so CRUEL . The first book I read by her was `` To Marry A Duke '' need I say more and now we have our current problem I do n't mean that nicely . The descriptions she protrays of her heros are just down right horrible . Poor Lily scraps by in this -LRB- love -RRB- story for some ounce of love from husband and recieves none till then very end and it was just not convincing for me in the least . I did read the other reviews -LRB- I always do -RRB- and I ca n't understand at all why anyone would who reads romance would find it romantic for the hero in the book to be cruel and the heroine to have no backbone and just take what she gets . Would you ? Please!I love romance novels , mystery , supsense novels but if I am reading a romance am I not supposed to feel that while I am reading it . This author seems to be failing me at every turn .
 I felt disgusted at Lily the whole time . If she had been a man and acted the way she did she would have been labled as creepy . No matter how many times he rejected her and told her NO she kept throwing herself at him and it was akward to read ... until he gave in unsuprisingly when she gave herself to him . It seemed he only married her out of pity and the fact that he thought he was dying and she was ok with that ! Desperate ! Lily was just everything you do n't want to be as a woman . I did n't even like Whitby very much . I could n't finish this one .
 I was prepared to love this book - the premise sounded extremely promising . However , the more I got into it , the more disgusted I became . The writing is extremely childish . Lily 's character was PATHETIC - literally BEGGING Whitby for crumbs of affection . Have some self-respect , girl ! Grow a damn backbone ! It was disgusting . And Whitby 's falling in love with her by the end was not convincing . Seemed like she browbeated him into loving her until he was too tired so he just gave in . UGH .
 I did like Ms. Maclean 's `` To Marry The Duke '' , but unfortunately , she seems to have gone steadily downhill as a writer from that point . This story is particularly dull , flat and episodic . The writing is not fresh , nor are the characters.The biggest problem is that none of the characters are memorable . They are all , without question , stock romance-novel characters , with NO life to them . Just for example , the Sophia of this book is NOTHING like the Sophia of To Marry The Duke , and James , her husband , has become a stick figure . Admittedly , the conflicts of this book do not directly involve them , but a supporting character should have SOME character , and consistency , particularly when you 've met them in another book!Whitby the charming rake , and Lily the girl who would love to reform him ... These characters are so familiar , and so dully written , even their bedroom scenes are lacking energy , despite Ms. Maclean 's descriptive powers . The opening chapters move soooooo slowly . The plot became so predictable , I was skimming by Chapter 4 ! I am disappointed with the way this series has panned out . To Marry The Duke , about the romance of the duke of the title -LRB- James -RRB- and Sophia , the rich American title-seeker , started the series off very well . But the two sequels about Sophia 's sisters , Clara and Adele , were basically just sex romps with no depth . And this little detour involving James ' sister , Lily , is just more of the same . Very disappointing .
 This was very sweet love story of a man who was rake and feel in love with Lily after they were married . Lily had loved Whitby aka the rake all her life and was willing to marry without love . This book took me three days to read and was very sad slow book . I would suggest instead One Little Sin by Liz Carlyle or The Lady Lies by Samantha Saxon .
 Dear lord - $ 175 for an under-300-pages collection of academic papers . I have not seen the book , but would point interested readers to `` Handbook of sports and lottery markets '' , edited by Hausch and Ziemba , which seems to be an all-around superior choice .
 There are few books in English on one of the most important , complex , and fascinating episodes in European history since the Renaissance . Most on Amazon 's list are special order or out of print . Unfortunately , Parker and his writers produced a dry , dull , tedious tome that will bore even serious 30YW enthusiasts . Novices should special-order Wedgwood instead ; enthusiasts will want to read S.R. Gardiner .
 The Thirty Years War is an area of study I really want to know more about . It is complex , and the political interactions of most of the nations of Europe make it a huge task to explain.This book lacks . I 'm sure the facts are complete and accurate , but the writing is as dry as week old toast . None of the personae came alive , and none of the facts were made memorable . I would recommend it as a reference , perhaps , but not as an interesting read on the subject . It sits on my shelf while I seek better written works to capture my interest .
 I picked up this book with a great deal of enthusiasm . I was n't too familiar with the personalities and issues surrounding the conflict and it was one of the few books on the subject I could find in english . The author did his best to drain anything of interest from his book . Mr. Parker spends almost no time or effort explaining the major players or their motives resulting in a confusing jumble of names and places that are difficult to distinguish from each other . Analysis is sparse and desperately needed . In frustration I consulted a 50 year old Cambridge Modern History and the 52 page essay on the Thirty Year War gave me more information and analysis -LRB- in a much better style -RRB- than the entire book by Parker . Leave this one alone !
 A previous reviewer said this is not for the casual reader . My rating is not reflective of the book itself but of my preference for what I look for in a history book . Reading the Dutch Reformation with particular interest in James Arminius , I thought the Thirty Years War might interest me . Yet , although I was intrigued by how it demonstrates the complexities of this war - or any war - it confused me with its intricate information and details . Chapter 6 , part on the ` Universal Soldier ' , was quite intriging for me . However , this book is for those seriously interested in this partciular subject . Truthfully , it is not for the casual reader .
 The third and final installment of Maclean 's American Heiress trilogy is a major let down from the author 's previous books . Where the previous two installments were saved by the author 's delightful voice , the weaknesses in My Own Private Hero were glaring because of the absence of the author 's natural voice . In an attempt to create a deep , moving story a la Edith Wharton , Maclean seemed to not notice that when emulating another author , one tends to end up muddying their own natural style.Because of this problem , the weak characterizations of nearly all of the characters , the tedious pacing , and the uninspired plotting of this book were obvious from page one . The pairing of a `` good '' , sensible heroine with the wild , aristocratic rake is one that has been done a million times over , and seems to be one that readers never tire of , but in this book , it was just plain tired . The majority of the book 's conflict was _ told _ to us within the first three or four chapters , causing the remainder of the book to seem pointless . And the only `` connection '' between the hero and heroine seemed to be a tepid physical attraction.To be truthful , I found the `` villains '' of this book ; Violet and Frances , to be more vividly drawn and more interesting than the remainder of the characters . I can only reccommend this book to readers who have to finish series ' , and those who like characters from previous books to appear in subsequent books . Other than that , skip this book .
 I was actually bored by this book . It was too ... contrived . Everything was too perfect and predictable , unlike the other two in the series . Something was definitely missing here . The story was just too bland .
 I hate not finishing a book , but this one was just too much . Very unbelievable !
 I 'm in the minority here , in that I thought this book was boring and the characters uninspiring . This is supposed to be an historical romance , but without the picture on the cover , one could easily think the action takes place in the 20th or 21st century . The story is about Rachel , an accomplished engineer and part owner of a corporation , who is desperately trying to get recognition for her abilities , as well as hold her division together . The head of the corporation is a childhood friend who was previously married to her best friend . There is some chemistry between the two of them , although it is n't really clear why they have n't gotten together before . Most of the action deals with corporate matters instead of the romance , so I could n't really get into it . It is nothing like my favorite authors , Celeste Bradley , Jo Beverley , or those of that genre . If you like passionate romance , this is n't the one for you .
 This story was very disappointing . I have read several romance novels and by far this was the most disappointing . The ending was not well thought out and the details were poor the over all plot line was standard and with a little more imagination the story could have been a 5 star . I bought this book with out looking at other peoples comments and that will never happen again . And I also plan on avoiding other books by this author especially if this is the peak of her writing career .
 This is an excellent example of why text book authors should learn to write . The first two sentances almost put me out . Granted , I was looking for a book on financing real estate developments and ended up with a book on finance and developing countries but it was god awful boring .
 Generally I enjoy books by Julianne MacLean , but I could n't stand the characters in this book . The `` hero '' has anger issues and was just generally an idiot . This will sound odd , but whenever I dislike the hero , I always imagine him with a beard . And in my imagination , Magnus had quite the beard . The heroine is n't much better . Another clueless idiot who lacks both common sense and dignity . Just boring , dumb characters . I enjoyed seeing Lily and Whitby again , but that 's about it .
 I have to say I did not like this book . I could not stand the heroine ... there was no spark to me between her and the hero they lacked chemistry . Then the whole not trusting thing just drove me insane ! The heroine Annabelle did not have a problem sleeping with the hero , over and over mind you , but because of her brother who I also hated she could not decide if you trusted him enough to marry him . The whole family feud was stupid and pointless , here is a `` grown woman '' who believes she knows her own mind but ca n't decide if this man that she supposedly loves is trustworthy ?!?!? If her brother did not have his misgivings I wonder what she would have done . I was so glad when he left her and went back to America , then she shows up with her lame a ** excuses to him about finding herself and what she went through ... blah , blah , he should have thrown her out of his house and sent her back to England where she belonged!I have never been so disappointed in a book as I have with this one ... and believe me I have read a few with some heroine 's that drove me batty , but Annabelle took the cake . I did not find anything about her to be worthy of all he went through for her ; she was to me unworthy of him.I disliked this book because of the heroine !
 I read the book prior to this one , which the `` hero '' in this book played the villain . In that book to me he was so unredeemable and unsympathetic that I was a little leary of reading this one . How is she going to make him sympathetic , how will he right the wrong he did to the heroine ? Which to me was never addressed and a ` good ' explanation or apology given To me she just was poor me , I was lied to and taken advantage of , yes , it was her first love . But are n't all first love 's painful ? She should have moved on and at least have been courted by another man and he should have stayed in America . He was no better , first obstacle , he went off in huff , well that should tell you how he would handle any obstacle in life . I 'll have to wait and see the next book from this author .
 Hania is ruled by the White , a religious order that worships the only five living gods remaining from the war of gods . Their given task is to form an alliance between the nations of northern Ithania and to bring all magically gifted people under their control . Small wonder they oppose the Wilds , strongly talented magicians outside the order and the Dreamweavers , who blame the gods for killing Mirar , the founder of their diminishing sect of healers.Auraya , the youngest among the five leaders of the White , does n't have time to accustom herself with her newly gained status or her powers -LRB- immortality , mind reading , moving in relation to the world ~ flying ... -RRB- . In southern Ithania the Pentadrian cult is taking over , claiming to serve true gods while the Whites are pretenders.Before the news spread out , that southern Ithania is readying itself for an attack , Auraya manages to form two important alliances , even though she fails at a third . Her clandestine love affair with the Dreamweaver Laiard further complicates things , as a part of his mind is inhibited by Mirar , who becomes stronger and stronger and bears little love for the Whites.I almost ca n't believe that PRIESTESS OF THE WHITE was written by the same author as THE BLACK MAGICIAN TRILOGY - it 's a completely different style . Admittedly I 'm not the biggest authority on that area -LRB- English being a foreign language for me -RRB- , but the sentences often seem awkward , short and hacked -LRB- Auraya learning how to fly
 While it 's not the worst I 've read , Priestess of the White is uninspired , flat , and uneven . The premise is interesting , but as another reviewer noted , too much explanation . The main character is unrealistic and dull -- too perfect , too wise for her years , and uninteresting to watch , reading more as a wish-fulfillment character than a real protagonist.While I did n't find Ms Canavan 's first trilogy the greatest thing since sliced bread , it was more engaging on the whole -- the main character had real obstacles , and not all motives were displayed from the first appearance of each character , so there was something to compell further reading . Not so here .
 Such a disappointment after the BMT . There is none of the tension of the first series and the author explains everything to death so you know what every character is thinking and planning and so does everyone else.Maybe the author wrote this series before the BMT . It certainly reads like a much less polished effort .
 Like the Black Magician trilogy . Do n't like this book . The characters are dull and nothing interesting happens to them . What more can I say ?!
 This book is so simplistic that even children who are being introduced to the fantasy genre wo n't like it , let alone adults . Absolutely shallow characters and overtly childish reasoning and narration completely spoils this book . This book is certainly not for you if you are an avid fantasy reader .
 I bought this book solely because on the map page there were people in Grecian-style dress and I 'm writing a novel about Hercules.Basically this book is about these five humans who 've been chosen by five gods to be their immortal representatives on earth . But there are other cults on the continent , which are at war with the white -LRB- gods chosen . -RRB- Most of this story is told through Auraya , the last white . Unfortunately , Auraya is a Mary-Sue -LRB- perfect character who everyone loves and can do no wrong and is amazingly powerful ... -RRB- and all the sections about her are incredible boring . Even the romance thing that happens is boring and unromantic.The rest of the book , told through another immortal that is considered evil , is ok . The parts about the weird bird people are interesting , but basically this book should have been filed under young adult fiction . The novel is not only juvenile in its writing style , content and plot development , its just plain boring . Sometimes that 's ok because it 's boring in a comfortable way , but still , it 's a boring book.I avoided this author before because her books , which all seemed to be coming of age stuff , seemed a little young for me . I was right . Everything in the book was over explained but I am puzzled about this book . I would be very , very surprised if in the next two books in the trilogy the gods were n't exposed as something evil or as beings manipulating the people of the world . If really the book is as straightforward as it seems than it 's an even dimmer trilogy than I thought.Over all-if you loved the Green Rider books , which I also disliked , you may love this book , but in general , it 's too young , too over-explained and too underdeveloped to be interesting . I believe that even in a series each book should be complete in and of itself , and this book is not . Maybe it 's just setting up the sequel.Two stars-I may still read the second book in this trilogy if I can find it cheaply-but only to see if it pans out as I think it might which is really the only interesting way to go I can think of from where this one leads off .
 After reading the Black Magician trilogy I had high hopes of Trudi Canavan 's new series.While her first series was interesting and well paced - this series I found to be completely different . The writing style is very different and I found myself getting bored with all the descriptive text which at times was very unnecessary . The leading character is very dull and I ca n't seem to make a connection of caring what happened to her as I did with Sonea.This book is overall a hugh disappointment and if you loved the Black Magician Trilogy then I would suggest you think about hiring this prior to buying - just so as you do n't feel like you 've wasted money.My opinion - stick to the Black Magician Trilogy
 The White , a group of five immortal magician/priestesses seek only the good , to bring together an alliance among all the human and non human beings they serve . Naturally , this does not please the evil beings in the world , and they want to overthrow the White . The dark ones are lead by a mysterious man wholly committed to his vile purposes . Standing against this is Auraya , a courageous young woman who once saved her village and thus earned a place in the White . She does not believe herself to be a leader , but finds herself called upon so to be . As violence erupts around her , Auraya finds unusual allies and hidden strengths in herself to use in this war . ** This sweeping fantasy is marred by many things . Point of view shifts take place constantly , making focus difficult ; and the entire thing feels rather padded and top heavy . Epic fantasy is a tough genre to do well . While this is a credible attempt , it 's been done better . ** Amanda Killgore
 Lots of sex yes , a plausible story line and interesting dialogue no , lots of eye rolling while reading , definitely .
 This is my first book by Bill Brooks and probably . . my last . It started out good but as soon as the cheap sex scenes started I lost interest and put it down ... some pretty graphic for a western . . To me these have no place in a western novel . . but that 's just me If you like that sort of stuff I that 's fine . OK . I have read many westerns and do n't see very much use of the f word . There is simple no need for itI would like to read something else by this author that does not contain raw sex stuff . . if is a available ?? Bill has a good reputation for westerns so some of them have to be better than this . .
 Ugh , I did not make it through the first chapter before giving up . Juvenile writing , simplistic story telling , blah plotting . I skimmed through the book trying to find something redeeming , but failed . In researching how I had come to buy this book -LRB- Amazon hype being my typical downfall -RRB- I discovered that Ms. Peterson also writes erotic romance under the name Jess Michaels . Sometime ago I read her book `` Everything Forbidden '' and thought it was pretty good for that genre . -LRB- I must have then discovered the Peterson/Michaels connection and ordered this book . -RRB- Anyway , happy to find something positive to say - light your fire with `` Everything Forbidden '' while avoiding the `` Scandalous '' .
 Not that I expect Henry James when I read a romance novel , but I expect a better quality writing than found in the pages of `` Scandlous '' by Jenna Petersen . The characters are poorly developed . The dialogue is stilted and unimaginative . There is not wit , there is no spark , there is no tension , and there is no need to turn the next page . Avoid this book .
 This book was very dissappointing and very dark.Actually depressing.A marriage built around lies , blackmail , scandal and hate . Need I say more . The hero -LRB- a by blow -RRB- married the heroine so he could get the manor where he was conceived from his half brother who was supposed to marry the heroine . Not a very promising start to a romance.I 'll save you a lot of time-this story is headache inducing . This was one debut that Avon should have sent back for a rewrite :-LRB- Take my advice-save your money and skip it : -LRB- no stars : -LRB-
 Unwilling as I am to be the sole dissenting voice here , I have to own that I found Jenna Petersen 's `` Scandalous '' to be a disappointing read . The storyline was a very basic one , with very few frills -- obviously the book was meant to be a character driven one , that focused on the unexpected relationship that developed between Dominic Mallory , and unlooked for bride , Katherine Flemming . Unfortunately , while the hero and heroine were likable , and Dominic had enough angst and inner demons to make this book interesting , the author seems to have used all her energy and talents to showcase the sizzling and sensual energy that Dominic and Katherine generated between them , and not enough effort , I thought , was spent on the story at hand.The black sheep of the Mallory family , Dominic Mallory has spent a great many years avoiding his family and trying to discover the identity of his biological father . Now however , he finds himself at home again in order to celebrate his older brother 's , Cole , upcoming marriage to the beautiful heiress , Katherine Flemming , and unexpectedly in the middle of another scandal when Cole 's thought-to-be-dead first wife turns up , very much alive , three days before the wedding.Because he needs Katherine 's money , Cole makes Dominic a dirty proposition
 The story was entertaining but that is about all you can say . The heroine , in particular , was not believable for the time period . This might have worked as a time-travel romance in which an assertive , 20th century , American woman gets transported back to Regency England . Still , it was sufficiently entertaining , and the characters were sufficiently likeable -LRB- not well developed , could have used more depth -RRB- that I decided to buy the sequel , AN AFFAIR MOST WICKED . Big mistake . If this book 's heroine did not fit the historical period , the sequel 's heroine was a joke . Not only is she unbelivable , she is annoying , spoiled , rude , impulsive -- they do n't get much more irritating that this .
 The dialogue creaks and churns , the ` spark ' between the couple flickers and dies , and the two people are really not very likeable . James is wooden , a duke who does what all day ? They are supposed to be betrothed for two months , yet the supposed sizzle is contained for that long ? And they hardly know each other , we never get to see his family?The whole blackmail thing is predictable and trite.James ' cruelty is inexusable , as is his lack of explanaion to his wife.The whole latter half of the book is a tragedy of errors and i ca ' t honestly say I know enough about these characters at the end to be interested in them enough to figure out why they fell in love . Or care.Her second book is a lot better , sexy and witty . This one was passable , a tried and tested formula that in this case has the emotional intensity of a log .
 The author says she read `` The Buccaneers '' by Edith Wharton , and you can save some money by just reading the original classic . It 's the usual too-handsome hero with a wounded past , marrying the too-beautiful and so-wealthy heroine . Decades of misunderstandings are cleared up in a trice by her charm and brave forebearance . Standard sex scenes and the let 's - make-everybody-happy ending complete another run-of-the-mill historical .
 Unfortunately , I enter the ranks of those who are vastly disappointed by this book . I had read good reviews , and when reaching page 20 I actually stopped to make sure I was reading the right book . I finally put myself out of this torture by page 36 . The prose is singularly unispiring . The author turned what would have otherwise been a good opportunity for exploring delicate feelings and gentle awakening of love in an untried woman , into a chain of cliches and platitudes . I could not be bothered to care about the male lead or any of the cardboard side characters . It is hard to believe this author majored in English Lit , and took her inspiration from Janeaustenlike novels . Unlike that author 's sparkling book gems , this is thoroughly boring .
 My main issue with this book is how a strong h gets turned into a weak character with no self worth . It started when James -LRB- H -RRB- told Sophia -LRB- h -RRB- that he married her for her money , oh and to have sex with her . She of course was crushed because he had courted her in manner that suggests that he indeed loved her . He is unbelievably cold and cruel to her . Not only does he tell her that he married her primarily for the money but he also tells her that he does not love her and never will . After all that , the h is overcome with tears and the H tries to kiss her and `` make love '' to her . The h pushes him away and returns to her room . I was SO proud of her !!! After that encounter she resolves to find strength within herself to not leave and make the best out of her situation . Up until now , I am furious with the H but I 'm enthusiastically reading waiting in anticipation to see what the H is going to do to win the h back . Instead he leaves for London without letting her know for two weeks . During his absence Sophia learns that her friend and James history was something they both had lied about . After that I knew that the strong Sophia character I loved would give James hell for his lies and cruelty . Right ? Wrong . The first time James seeks her out , he is his old charming self -LRB- he is anytime he wants to have sex with her -RRB- . And she , of course , does so without a second thought . I did n't get why this was different from when he wanted to have sex with her after telling her he did n't love her and that he married her for her money . Now it 's ok ? Such inconsistencies in the book were also annoying . The author did n't even keep the H eye color straight ! Equally as annoying was when the book stated that by James asking her `` are you willing '' that he was letting her know that he was `` her servant . '' WHAT ? The relationship is still under HIS terms . He manipulated and schemed to get what he wanted out of her without giving her anything the one thing she asked of him and HE is HER servant . WHAT !!!???? By this time I am furious that she would still welcome him with open legs after the way he treated her . The real kicker was when SHE apologizes to HIM for being upset about his cruel , manipulative behavior . AHH !!! I was irate ! The author explains it away as she was trying to get him to talk but , really ? For the life of me , I do n't know why authors feel that taking a h self worth and making her into the doormat for the H is romantic . It is not , it 's infuriating . Of course in the end , Sophia wins all her adversaries over and James realizes that he loves her , blah , blah , blah . By this time I could have cared less about these characters . It was too little and too late , especially for the H.In the end , the author fails to redeem the H who is just an emotional handicapped fortune hunter with little redeeming qualities . There is of course more to the story but because I could not get over the way the h and H relationship developed , the rest of the book was ruined for me . I have not read a book where I hated the `` Hero '' as much as this book in a long time . He is just a jerk . Which is fine , I like reading stories where the characters have huge faults then realize their shortcomings and change in a manner that wins the reader over . That never happened with this book . I feel he made amends with his family but never with the h . In all fairness , if a weak , doormat h does n't bother you , you might like this book . However , if you want to read a great book about an American heiress , with a strong H and h , I would recommend Lisa Kleypas wallflower series .
 I recently re-read this book because the moment I read `` The End '' , I forgot everything that happened in the book.My initial purchase of To Marry the Duke was based upon the lush , sensual cover and the fact that it was based on one of my favorite historical eras ; the Gilded Age of America.Based upon my re-reading of this romance , I was disappointed . MacLean has a clean , coherent prose and dialogue that had it 's shiny moments , but the shoddy plotting and the one-dimensional characters overtook it most of the time.I would have believed Sophia 's instant infatuation with James if his -LRB- false -RRB- courtship had been a contrast to the cool treatment she recieved from the English society . Consequently , once James has married , bedded and ignored her , she accepts his trickery of her as though she deserved it . Sophia is supposed to be a spunky , warm American to blow some heat into James ' heart , but she came across as a doormat who would do anything for a man who had betrayed her trust.James ' tortured past was very vaguely alluded to , leading me to be very skeptical of his behavior as well as his falling for Sophia at the end of the book . His one-dimensional character , combined with the fact that most of the book was in Sophia 's point of view kept me at an emotional distance from him.James ' family was cardboard as well and the `` mystery '' surrounding them with the French courtesan was sloppily done and read as though it was put into the story to make Sophia look like a hero and open James ' eyes to how wonderful she was.All in all , this was a passable read . Sophia 's doormat perfectness and James ' vague aloofness , combined with hither and there plotting made what started off a somewhat sparkling and stand-out historical romance into a read I forgot as soon as the pages were closed .
 I loved the title and grabbed this book on impulse off of the new books shelf at my local library . A couple of hours later I was very disappointed . The author has some good basic ideas -LRB- albeit a bit trite -RRB- but they are clogged by the tales of her version of `` the good life '' -- a round-the-world trip at age 16 , multiple trips to Bermuda and Paris , her meals at the `` finest restaurants in New York '' . I especially loved the part when she gently chides her readers to ease back on some of the technological demands of their jobs , as she does thanks to her three assistants . I ca n't afford to pay someone to screen my e-mails for me , and funny , my boss does n't seem to be receptive to picking up the tab either . Some of her examples are alienating , insensitive , and insulting to the readers out there who are squeaking by financially and ca n't afford to have a dress made for themselves in Hong Kong . I will never pick up another book by Alexandra Stoddard .
 Well written as all of hers are . Yet it seemed to drag on for me and repeat the same thoughts chapter after chapter
 I ordered this book looking for inspiration during a down time . I did n't find it . Stoddard does nothing but quote Western philosophers and brag about her own experiences living the good life . The book is , literally , all about her . We hear about her trips to various resorts , how she and her husband -LRB- an attorney -RRB- treat themselves to a hedonistic dessert every day , and about her design business . We hear about what type finial one customer requested and about the maple bed another client fussed over . I have no idea what any of the Aristotle quotes , Barbados trips , ice creams , or design customers have to do with me learning to live the good life , but Stoddard spends the entire book sprinkling mindless rhetoric with these unremarkable bits of news.If you want to help yourself live the good life , save a few bucks by avoiding this book .
 If you are wanting a refreshing , rollicking good romance with wit , charm and passion , look elsewhere . This Scotland is more weak and watery than wild and wicked .
 I read numerous romance novels and this was not so great . I do n't think it 's so wild and wicked that you make love the day before you get married . Oh , the scandal -LSB- sarcasm -RSB- . It also did n't seem to move along very well . It definately was n't a page-turner .
 This book was just very `` blah '' , in my opinion . MacLean utilizes the same plot vehicles familiar to hundreds of romance novels , but with the least amount of depth possible . I really did n't care one way or the other about either the hero or heroine , or the very minor conflict in the book . The reader was n't involved in the inner thoughts and feelings of the characters on any more than a basic , superficial level . In my opinion , it was like reading an outline of a novel . The only reason I did n't give this book one star was because there was nothing overly wrong or offensive with the story ... really , there was nothing there in general . An extremely forgettable read .
 I have enjoyed reading the 5 previous titles by Julianne MacLean in this story line but this one just did not do it for me at all . I found it to be a so-so read that I would not have missed had it never been written . I , like many others do not understand the rave reviews given this title . All I can say is to each his own but I would advise you to choose another of her books to read and skip this one .
 I came to this book with such high expectations based on the reviews here and elsewhere . The state of the historical romance novel is grim indeed when a book like this is praised to the skies.For me , the mark of a good historical romance is how quickly I want to finish it . If the hours fly by and I leave the dishes piled up and the phone unanswered to get to the end I know it 's a very good book . With this one , I had to force myself to finish it . There was little suspense , erotic buildup , or development of character . Both the hero and heroine seemed like cardboard cutouts from the standard romance read . Yawn.The setting of the novel , late 19th century England in the yachting world , was unusual and made for a refreshing change of pace . But the story , for me , lacked tension , romance and a plot . It was so obvious what was going to happen from the first page -LRB- which is true , of course , of just about all romance novels but what separates those one cherishes from landfill fodder like this is how well the journey is described . -RRB- I also found the heroine 's decision to spend a whole unchaparoned day with the hero , alone , on his boat a bit much to swallow . Yes , she was a widow but such an action would have been tantamount to going to a hotel with him for a day.When I 've finished a romance novel like this I think to myself `` Maybe I 've read all the romance I can handle . Maybe I need to give the genre a long break . '' That makes me sad because I still love a good romance -LRB- when I can find one which is becoming all too rare . -RRB- I still re-read my `` keepers '' and vastly enjoy them . But if a book this lightweight is considered an above average entry in the field today then I probably should take a break because I 'm headed for a lot of disappointment .
 I have not read the book completely because of the explicit sex scene in the first few chapeters . I am a Christian and I enjoy Christian fiction because its intersting and has a good message without all of the worldy , sinful content . This book just went a little too far . I am not a happy reader .
 Even though I read the book , after reading the great reviews , I must agree with many who believed this book deserved 3 stars or less . This books was predictable and the characters lacked luster - they were BORING and the book had over whelming drama throughout . I felt like I was reading a soap , oh yes , it was a soap like `` One Life to Live '' but not THAT interesting . I am going to donate this to the library for the their next sale or throw it out . Do yourself a favor by saving money , and do n't give the author or publisher anymore money - buy it used !
 Changing Faces is another one of those average stories about relationships that have flooded today 's Black literature market . What 's really sad is that these stories are starting to all read alike , have relatively the same plot , and the same feel good ending . Follow Whitney , Taylor , and Charisse as they muddle through life as an overweight sister in search of love , an upwardly mobile sister in pursuit of a husband , and an abusive wife/mother in the grips of instability.The story was predictable ; nothing ground-breaking here . The writing style made this one very easy to read . I guess if you 're looking for some lightweight fluff to get wrapped in , then this is for you.I 'd actually give it 2.5 stars . It was n't a bad book , just more of the same .
 The first books I read by Kim Roby were the `` Casting the First Stone '' series . After reading those , I was looking for her to really bring it in this novel , but I must say I was dissapointed . Although the book did keep my interest enough for me to keep turning the pages , the real drama did n't start until chapter 32 , and the book ended at chapter 36 ! If you 're looking for a low-key , day in the life of girlfriends book , then this is for you . If you 're looking for some straight up drama , then I would n't suggest this one.LSG77GURU Books club
 KIMBERLA LAWSON ROBY NEVER SEEMS TO AMAZE ME . THIS BOOK WAS A GREAT READER . I HOPE TO SEE SOME NEW WORK AND HEAR MORE OF THE FRIENDS AND FAMILY IN THIS BOOK . THIS BOOK DEALS WITH A LOT OF HURTS AND ABUSE THAT PEOPLE DEAL WITH AND YOU MAY NEVER EVEN KNOW WHAT PEOPLE ARE DEALING WITH . LOOKS TRUELY CAN BE VERY DECIEVING . GREAT WORK MRS.LAWSON ROBY
 i really liked the book i thought it could have been a bit more juicey but all in all it was good
 Charging this price for a DRM ` ed Kindle book is nothing short of highway robbery . Sorry , but given the limitations on the format , $ 9.99 is the max you should be charging .
 I need a book on Slovenia for my tour guiding reference collection -LRB- now on Kindle -RRB- but there 's no way I can pay this much ...
 If you 've ever sat through film studies and wondered what on earth was going on , do n't fret.There is probably something to be gained from studying how we watch films , but unfortunately most of those engaged in the world of film studies as academics are n't interested . Instead , many are content to wallow in unreadable texts with long , impressive terms that , in the end , have little at all to do with films.Studying modes of production , the words of the filmmakers themselves , trends , etc , we can figure out a lot about films . But that 's not good enough for some people because it 's too straightforward and obvious . Instead , an entire vocabulary needs to be invented -- poststructuralism , film semiotics , etc , etc , in order to mask the quite obvious fact that we still do n't know a thing.If we had any concrete understanding of how films ` work ' on our minds , then someone could write a book that a 12 year old could read and understand . Instead , we get books like this
 The Ottoman Empire was not established in mid-1400s ! The Ottoman Empire was established in XIII th century , not in XV th century .
 I have bought `` Introduction to geopolitics '' after having read a book review in an academic journal in which the book was portrayed as belonging to the realist tradition . I am not sure the reviewer did read the book , however , as the book is all but a realist account of geopolitics . The intellectual tradition here is clearly the one of critical geopolitics , with its strong emphasis on subjective phenomena and identity.Even if a reader is sympathetic to this tradition , I doubt she could find anything of interest in a book that suffers from the following shortcomings : - the concept `` geopolitics '' is not clearly defined - the author painfully introduces some `` fundamental '' -LRB- but vague -RRB- concepts in his first chapters without even using them in the subsequent chapters - Modelski 's model , again presented as fundamental , is barely used - pictures are totally irrelevant as they do n't shed any light on the text - the book is poorly written - the author 's discussion of the conflict between Israelis and Palestinians is strongly colored , and not scientific enough - important works on territorial conflicts , such as John A. Vasquez ' , are not addressed
 I had ordered this book from this seller because I needed it fairly quickly and their profile said it would ship from CA . I waited 1.5 weeks and finally emailed to inquire about the status of this shipment , only to find out the book had actually been shipped from the UK !! The comments are misleading by saying it may ship from a different location ... why is the seller saying the book is available from CA if it 's not !! ? Please be careful if you need speedy delivery .
 I do n't think the language that is used -LRB- starting on page 16 and 17 with the word `` effing '' -RRB- is appropriate for my 10 year old who had to read it as part of his required summer reading . Other words in the book are `` freakin '' `` bitchin '' and `` kick your ass '' . The word `` effing '' or rather f ------ ing really upset me . My son did n't appreciate it either . Are there any good books out there without this language ? When I was in 5th grade I sure did n't read words like this .
 This book was not so good . It was too corny . I hate open endings . Do n't read this book unless you want to cry a ton . Aunt Tiny is funny .
 This book was kind of boring . I did n't want to keep reading it , but I had to . It was for a book club for AAUW . That 's why I had to keep reading it . I sort of hated it in a way . Nothing really happens , but I think older people will like it better than a twelve-year-old girl from rural Ohio . Thanx .
 This book was the most boringest book i ever read.it took me amonth to read it and usually it does n't take me that long to read a book . if you like this book you are a boring person and have no life whatsoever .
 As you try to swin through a see of ... looking for a climax and before you find it its wasted on old , soggy friendships and an ending with no certainty.They use Aunt Tiny as some superstar really when she only cuts Oprahs hair.Yolonda is a wannabe , and dont read this book at all costs .
 This was the first Star Wars book I ever read and is a very very poor introduction to Star Wars pulp literature . The storyline is not very engaging , the characters are flat , the writing is mediocre at best , and the action scenes are extremely confusing . The Kenobi character is not used to good effect , the Fisto character is expanded upon and not very interesting , some decent storywise stuff is attempted with the clones but takes a back seat to the boring main storyline of the Cestus Deception . Just not a very good book in any respect at all . Do n't let this be your introduction to the Star Wars Expanded universe . Since this book I have read the Darth Bane trilogy which is much better in every respect .
 I found this book really boring and plain and there was hardly any action . I do n't recommend this book for thrill seekers .
 I would have avoided buying the book if I had read all the reviews that told us in advance about it . I wo n't go in a lot repeating what others have offered , but I will say that the book showed an entirely different Kit Fisto than I had hoped for . Instead of a quick witted intelligent Jedi , we were delivered a brooding , boring , out of character individual , who hardly displayed his skills with the lightsaber against one of the super villains of the books and cartoon series.For those of you who are now into the Star Wars books , do read the reviews . They are worth your while in helping you select the best in the many Star Wars novels .
 First off I would like to apologize to those of you that take the time to write these reviews , I did n't read them before I bought this book if I had I probably would not have.This book is a not very well written short story with a lengthily Q&A ; with the author about his next book which is probably another stupid short story and long Q&A ; about his next stupid book I wo n't know because I will never buy another book by this guy . If I want a short story I 'll buy a comic book and not pay over $ 7.00 for it.If the publisher wants to print a short story or a Q&A ; with the author they should do one and or the other not together and pass it of as a book to con $ 7.19 out of my pocket
 This story takes place in the Clone Wars . The Clone Wars was my favorite era in Star Wars , so I thought I would like it , like Shatterpoint , which I liked.I have to be honest in saying that I hated it . The author dragged everything out , and I wish he would have just shortened it and taken out all the drecriptions of everything . It seemed to go on and on about small details that really did n't need to be mentioned . Do n't read it if you do n't have to .
 NOTE
 Ok . So I sort of like the concept
 After reading almost every book in the expanded universe , I have come to expect a clunker every now and again , and once in a while , something wonderful , like Star By Star , Traitor , or the Zahn stuff . Unfortunately , this could be the worst expanded universe novel ever , right up there with Darksaber and The Crystal Star . Lame plot , lame characters , terrible dialog . It was truly a chore finishing this novel . It felt like a rough draft in severe need of revision . There was no development in Obi-Wan at all - his name could have been interchanged with another Jedi , and it would not have made a difference to the story . The best part was the afterward - the author seems like a nice guy and a good person .
 The Cestus Deceptions was by far the worst Star Wars novel that I have read . I am not often disapointed by expanded universe novels and own nearly all of them , however ; this novel was a supreme disapointment . Poorly written and horrendously paced , the author showed no grasp of any of his characters -LRB- especially Obi Wan 's -RRB- , with many of the characters displaying the same attributes as the others . The clones were feminized , various non-sensical metaphors were reused repeatedly and the plot was implausible at best . Do yourself a favor and skip this book as well as any other by this no talent hack .
 This book has one huge flaw . The over-the-top humanising of a clone-trooper . The author kept building on this theme until the nauseating Chapter 67 , which had me reaching for a vom-bucket . There should be a warning sticker on this book - `` chick-lit '' , because it is literature for chicks . Whoever gave this guy the keys to the `` Star Wars books '' kingdom should snatch them right back from him . He has abused the privilege bestowed upon him .
 It is , by far the worst Star Wars book I have read so far , and I 've read quite a few . It turns perfectly cool things like ARC Troopers into soap-juggling sensitive nice-guys . I am not joking . The ARC trooper fell in love with somebody who was on the same slave ship as Jango Fett . Do yourself a favor and stay clear of it . Instead , buy Republic Commando
 I ca n't really say much of anything good about this book . It was well written , but I did n't buy into the storyline or the actions of most of the characters . I did n't really come away with anything after reading it either . I would n't recommend this to anyone .
 `` The Cestus Deception '' has two problems . The first is that it 's just plain horribly written . If this was n't bad enough for the book , it also runs up against the great string of Clone Wars novels that have been coming out lately , raising the bar for how good it should be . Normally SW novels are a couple days of light reading , the fantasy fan 's romance smut , but not lately . Lately SW novels have been astonishing , breathtaking , and they give just a little bit of hope about how good EP3 will be . Just not this SW novel . The simply truth is that everything `` the Cestus Deception '' tries to do in its 400 pages has already been done by another SW novel in the last year ... and done better . One of the main themes in CD is about how the clone soldiers feel and behave , what they feel and can they grow as a human being ? It 's done in a decent way here , but in `` Republic Commando
 I found myself more excited to begin this book than I did actually reading it . To begin with the first four chapters were so sketchy that I almost could n't take it . The author constantly changed the subject in the middle of the scene , so you were like , `` Whoa , how did we get here . '' Sketchy and all over the board . The story itself sounded interesting , a rich lady going to a reverse brothel and discover her own sexual awakening . That sexual awakening did n't really exist , and the ending was too abrupt , leaving too many unanswered questions . It would have been better if the author had developed the characters a more and not have been all over the place . Do n't recommend it , unless one thinks it fits their tastes .
 I hate to leave any type of negative book review , because I respect authors and their hard work so much . On the other hand , I have to honest . I would not recommend this book to friends . I really had a hard time with it . I found it incredibly boring . I could not bring myself to care about any of the characters and they just bored me to tears . I kept reading hoping that something would happen , but nothing did ! I was suprised to see so many reviewers exclaiming how humorous this book was , but I just did n't get it . I did not laugh or even crack a smile once . This one just did n't do it for me .
 I had such high hopes for this book , based on its description . And in spite of the author 's sometimes hard-to-follow writing style - she does love to start in one place and wander quite far from the original subject before finally winding her way back - for the first few chapters I managed to hold on to those hopes.But in the end , I would have to classify this book as 80 percent disappointment.Charlotte is set up to be a very sympathetic character
 Charlotte leaves her sick bed for the first time in a year only to see her husband kissing another woman . Since this is only 1900 and there are n't many choices for a woman , she decides to take a break from her comfortable but stifling marriage and sets up housekeeping in Boston at The Beechmont , which turns out to be a male brothel in which handsome porters make discreet visits to the establishment 's female clientele . There is a curious cast of characters , but they are too shallowly drawn to get a good liking for any of them . This book just rambles too much for my taste . It does n't get interesting until well past page 100 .
 After a somewhat lyrical & intriguing start this story simply tanked . What happened ? Who knows because it degenerated into a silly muddle that was a total waste of my time . Will I ever get those hours back ? I do n't think so . The one star is for the premise , the missing four stars are for all the lost promise . A Private Hotel would have made a great short story , it was about 150 pages too long .
 I decided to read this because of the recommendation by author Julia Glass -LRB- she wrote Three Junes -RRB- . I agree with others that the writing is superb , particularly in the first few chapters . The author paints a fascinating picture of what life is like in the early 20th centurty . I found that to be the most engaging part of the story.As the book drags on , there are many unanswered questions . For instance -- who was the woman that Hays was stooping to kiss at the beginning of the book ? Characters come and go and contribute little to the story , the `` gratifying surprise '' at the end as intimated by Julia Glass , is hardly gratifying and not much of a surprise . Should we really care that much about the situation between Arthur and Eunice ? We barely know anything of Eunice until the `` surprise '' .
 I kept on plowing through this book because I was sure it would get better , but it never did . It reminds me of a really well-made film -- you can admire its artistic merit , but it 's no fun at all to watch .
 I understand the need for romance writers to make their heroines more appealing to the 21st century reader , but it 's a mistake for them to do so . Too many times , romance writers make their heroines promiscuous , and it is just not believeable in an historical time frame . Meg is supposed to have been raised in a strict society home and life , and yet she has had many affairs while still being an unmarried young woman . It turned me off . I enjoy the chase and seduction theme as much as the next person , but I need the plot to remain true to the historical context as much as possible . This just did n't do that . And , to top it off , Bonaparte himself is a character in the novel . Ridiculous . Do n't bother with Feather 's latest book .
 This is Jane Feather 's worst book ever . I am more than halfway through it , and I can already see where this is going.Meg Barratt is a relatively well-off young spinster living in Folkstone , England . Gradually the reader is expected to gather that she is somewhat intelligent , well-read , unconventional , and `` free-thinking . '' At least that is what we are supposed to think . She comes across as short-sighted and thoughtless to me when she is suddenly brouhgt aboard a privateer 's ship when she is accidentally knocked unconscious one night . She just kind of allows herself to be sweet-talked into staying on board with the good-looking but shifty captain , Cosimo.From moment one , I did n't like this guy . It does n't help that he is an assassin and spy for England during their war with France , under Napoleon 's rule . He comes across as arrogant and just kind of selfishly drags Meg into the life of a spy to replace his former lover , Ana . Meg should have known better . Good sex does n't excuse flaws like working as an assassin , lying , and holding her on a boat against her will . This is n't love . It 's Stockholm Syndrome.I agree with a couple of the other readers on this site that her seeming sensuality and sexual proclivity toward being loose is uncharacteristic of the time , and does nothing to enhance the story . Sometimes , the best things about historical romances are `` deflowerings , '' and the build-up toward the heroine `` becoming a woman . '' That should happen when the heroine decides to fall in love with the hero . It should n't just happen because the heroine is `` just along for the ride , '' literally and figuratively.Cosimo is passive-aggressive ; all throughout the book he plays games with Meg , acts hostile when he does n't get his way , and he never apologizes to her when he is in the wrong . I HATE that.The only likable character in the story was Cosimo 's macaw , Gus . That 's sad .
 I ca n't believe the hero fell for the heroine . I thought Ana sounded like a real heroine by all the comparisons made by Cosimo . The idea that a woman during the time period was only supportive of killing a man that was a monster to her country out of love , vs. a woman that hated the tyranny Napolean represented was a joke . I felt that all the comparison 's made between Ana and Meg were supposed to make us see that Meg was a better person for the hero , except they only made me see Meg as a shallow and self-absorbed woman by comparison and made me wish the hero to have Ana . Meg has got to be one of the most unlikable heroines I 've ever seen in a historical romance . I was digusted by how it was foreplay when Meg flirted with other men in front of Cosimo.I am sorry I wasted the money on the book , it was a terrible disappointment . The author has written a number of books that I 've liked , but she is hit or miss . And this is definitely a miss on her part.The hero puts England second to his `` love '' , until she tells him a little late that he should continue . What a joke.This was very lazy writing , poor history , modern cliches , and just plain awful .
 As in my other reviews , I have always found Jane Feather an auto buy and purchased this after being quite pleased with Almost a Bride . But as most the other reviews state , I have to agree this is a sleeper and a dud . I usually ca n't put her books down but this one I kept down and up for 3 days and still only got to page 94 before finally giving up and tossing it in my give away pile . I just have too many other books to read without spending days trying to find out why I just ca n't get into this one .
 It seems that Jane Feather books are really good or really bad , and this one is BAD . Neither character is enjoyable . The plot kicks in somewhere around page 300 ; before that is just boring talk about the ship . The heroine is apparently a sex-crazed idiot who 's willing to sacrifice her own safety in order to `` enjoy '' a man she 's known for days . This same man basically kidnapped her , lied to her , and she suspects -LRB- rightly so -RRB- that he is a cold-blooded murderer . So by all means abandon your worried friends and family for `` adventure . '' Just stupid .
 I have been very disappointed with Ms. Feather 's last books . It seems as if she is putting 21st century feminist values into a historical setting and it does n't work . It stretches believability that a woman brought up in the sheltered environment of the early 1800 's would be so promiscuous . This book was a total turnoff and I did n't finish it . Do n't waste your time reading it .
 I have read near every book Jane Feather has written and was looking forward to the release of this book . I was very disappointed . Neither the hero nor the heroine were appealing and too many questions remained unanswered . Who was Cosimo ? How did Meg give up her cosseted life so easily?I still would recommend Ms. Feather 's `` V '' book series -LRB- Vixen , Valentine , etc. -RRB- , but skip this one .
 this was the worst jane feather book ever , and i have read most of her books . i 've been slightly disappointed here and there but never like this ! this book was terrible ! . it was boring , it went on for days with nothing happening . by chapter 3 i was thinking `` when is something going to happen ? '' by chapter 10 i was thinking `` this is crap ! and i want my money back ! `` save yourself some money . i think i 'm so disappointed because i bought and enjoyed `` almost a bride '' . it was good ! so i was looking forward to this one . what a waste of money!jennifer jones phila , pa
 I am a long time fan of Jane Feather . I have even gone out of my way to hunt down and purchase books by her that are out of print . I bought this title with joyful anticipation of another great read , but what a let-down ! I could n't find anything redeeming in either the slutty leading lady nor the sociopath leading man . It was an absolute struggle to get through the ending of the book - I put it down and came back to it a dozen times before I could choke it down . The parrot , Gus , was the most interesting and sympathetic character . Pity he could n't find a nice female bird .
 I ca n't believe the Jane Feather I know and love - mostly - wrote this waste of time . I felt like Meg 's character had soooooo much more potential from Almost a Bride , and her story is a supreme disappointment to me . It was just boring ! And for Ana to never physically be present in the story , she was a large presence . And what happened to Ana , anyway ? Who betrayed the spies?The ending seemed rushed , implausible and unfinished . How were their many issues resolved ? Did he continue to be an assasin ? How did Meg explain herself to her family and friends ? Who in the world is Cosimo , really ? We know he has family , but obviously they are somewhat refined . Is he a gentleman ? And what happened to Ana ? And why was David sailing with Cosimo ? These are the kind of questions that I was left with . All in all , sorely disappointed . Glad I bought it second-hand , but still mad I paid any money for it !
 I had to skim through most of this book and had a hard time finishing it . The hero was unlikeable because he was using the heroine and comparing her to his old partner through everything . The heroine forgave the hero way too easily too often and was also unlikeable . Do n't waste your money on this book .
 This book to me just seemed to be put together for the money.The ending was so poorly written and so unbelievable that I triedto think of alternate endings.The hero gets killed . Of course , we do n't do that in Romance!The hero gets wounded and ends up in Jail . -LRB- Done that before -RRB- The hero gets an important message from Ana and leaves Meg.Napoleon decides to pursue the war and leaves sooner than planned.Now any of the above would have been so much more believable ... but wait ... this is NOT reality ... this is romance.And , this is the first of Feather 's books that I 've just hated .
 Do n't waste your time or money on this one . Nothing to like about either of the main characters . Only finished it because it was like one of those movies you ca n't believe is so bad , so you keep watching hoping it will get better ... well , it did n't get any better !
 Jane Feather novels are either hit or miss with me . This was a definite `` miss '' . I could n't finish it .
 The blog fail to download three out of five weekdays . As a commuter , it was very annoying . I do not recommend it as a daily source of latest news .
 I thought it was great until the updates stopped . I have seen others reporting this issue . My other blogs are still being updated so I know this is n't a problem with my Kindle . I guess I will cancel .
 Last update
 As one who values objective news over braindead shilling for liberal pabulum and antisemitic propaganda , I can not express how gratifying it is to see so many one-star reviews here . And yes , I do indeed believe that objective news coverage ought to be the goal of reportage , notwithstanding the lame postmodernist argument that objectivity ought not be attempted since it can not be perfectly achieved . -LRB- Indeed , most honorable and worthy goals can not be `` achieved '' in this reductive sense . -RRB- And yes , I am aware that there are Jews involved with this rag , but there is long history of self-loathing here which accounts for this embarrassing fact.Here 's hoping the lady 's greyness portends her demise .
 There 's a simple reason the New York Times is in financial meltdown
 i liked the service , was priced well , but i have n't had the content update for over a week . canceled it .
 OK , I love the New York Times Blog . And I really love my new Fire . Really , really , really . But I 'm very disappointed that the New York Times Blog is not available on the Fire . I 'm not going to buy the New York Times for the current price and I 'm very happy with the format of this blog , though I miss the op-eds quite a bit . Please , get this blog on the Fire !!!
 I would love to have this for the Fire and was told by Amazon support that it would be available , but nada . Extremely disappointed .
 When it would send it to me I really liked it . Now it does not work .
 It is a good summary of what 's going on , well written , etc. . However , I have n't received an update in four days , not the first time this has happened . I do get 5 bars on 3G connectivity , so something else is going on . I just canceled .
 Since NYT began a paid service to view articles online I can now RARELY clip an article to view later or save . A message appears that the article is no longer available.Guess NYT and Amazon wants me to pay $ 20/month for a full subscription . I 'm cancelling this blog .
 I will not be extending the trial period . Although the articles are well written , the updates are unreliable . It 's late Sunday , and I have had no updates since Saturday morning .
 I am disappointed to find out that my subscription to this blog does not extend to the kindles which I just gifted to our children . Only one kindle may be selected to receive the blog and it does not even show up in the archive for our others to access . Upon exploring this problem with Amazon , I learned this is not a mistake , but at the design of NYTimes . The NYTimes should update their delivery design as often families now have multiple kindles.If I were a print subscriber to this newspaper , all members of the household would be able to freely view the material . To limit family access like this makes no sense and defeats the purpose of our family kindle experience and lessens the educational value of this subscription . I will have to rethink whether to continue with this one or not.So heads up , this will ONLY WORK on ONE kindle if you are looking ...
 I am interested in Rome and Byzantium , which is why I bought this book . I respect this author 's technical knowledge , and he excels at description ... but about 1/3 of the way through I ran into problems . First of all ... my understanding is that ` alternate history '' should provide some kind of ` branching point in history '' which caused this world to evolve differently from our own . In this case , there was no Christianity and no split between the Eastern and Western Empires . That 's 2 branching points already . In addition , the empires seem to have been spared the massive migrations of people which caused the real Rome to be swamped by ` barbarian ' invasions . So I guess the Huns , etc. were simply Nice Guys in this book and never bothered Rome?OK . Moving on to the real problems of this novel
 This book caught my interest because of the map on the inside covers . An alternative history with both East & West Rome still existing in the 7th century AD , with foederati states on the edges and an ancient foe - Persia - in the east
 As an avid reader of alternate history -LRB- especially recent novels of S.M.Stirling -RRB- and a Roman History buff , I bought this book on impulse after reading the flyleaf notes and anticipated a great few days of reading . Unfortunately , the book reminds me of a role playing game where the events and characters are created by a random number generator . The motivation of the characters , especially Maxian , is murky at best . Also , there was not enough description of how the empire in its 600CE form had come about and how it changed in organization and bureaucracy . I was disappointed . A somewhat similar set of books but , in my opinion , a more successful one , was the ` Krispos of Videssos ' series by Harry Turtledove .
 Perhaps Mr. Hamlin should stick to running a PBM wargame , his first book is less than impressive.On a good note , The author has a fine grasp of the time in a strategic sense . The war plot line is sound , if hard to follow at times as it is wollowing in all the slop that surrounds it.But thats the only good note . The characters are contrived . The plots erratic . The writing forced . I had trouble even believing this world existed , and that is the first objective of this type of book , yes ? The author had servant slave girls acting as if they were transplants from a suburban mall . I actually laughed at the realtionship between Maxian Ceasar and the K girl slave . Utterly without base or merit . Further , characters seemed to wander about with no apparent reason , forming bonds of love or friendship based on a forced implication that such a relationship was plausible . In many many cases it was not.I will not be reading the next edition . I advise you , the reader , to not read the first .
 Poor characters , weak relations , unbelievable plot . I will not be reading anything else by Harlan . It looks as if he has read a lot of Turtledove and wants to emulate his style.He fails.Do not waste your money on this book , and I can not believe all the five star reviews . Di we all get the same edition ? Must be family of the author.HA
 This book shows a promising recommendation , but it didnt match at all its expectations . First , it is a book one of many . This should be made very clear before you order it . Others like myself are not fond of those series , especialy when you buy a book one without knowing that it is the first of a serie . Needless to say that this book does n't end at the last page . second , the book consists of various story lines , whose are by itself mini-stories , and all well writen . But they do n't mix of interfere -LRB- at least not in this book -RRB- and one of the stories -LRB- the one of the magician-healer fits beter in a horror book -LRB- diggin up the death and giving them life back using blood -RRB- This has nothing to do with SF ! The other stories are placed in the history . So , if you want to read SF , skip this book . As a historical/fantasy roman this book would probably score more then the single point it earns from me .
 Shadow of Ararat starts out strong , but it does n't last for the long haul . Where the story fails is not so much in the plot , but in the characterization.Mainly we follow 4 characters -LRB- Maxian , Dwyrin , Thyatis and Ahmet -RRB- , though the story jumps from viewpoint to viewpoint willy-nilly . The characters however are cliched and in general not believable . Maxian - a healer - suddenly turns necromancer without a single moral scrupple -LRB- he agonizes a lot over other things , but never about becoming a necromancer -RRB- . By the end of the book he has become a great sorceror/necromancer , though the book does n't bother explaining why this is so . Dwyrin is a young mage of no interest in this story - probably a sequel character . Thyatis is a great woman leader - she constantly wonders why her troops follow her - after reading the book , I still wonder -LRB- a very unrealistic character -RRB- . Ahmet is another mage , spending the entire book doing nothing with his magic until the end where he suddenly turns out to be a great sorcerer . There are many more huge gaping holes in the characterization -LRB- for all the major characters -RRB- . One very irritating habit of the author is to gloss over important events - thus we will read that `` they charge '' and then shift viewpoint , so we never what happens when they charged -LRB- only the result , later -RRB- . The same thing happens with emotional scenes or dialogues - the story gives the initial dialogue - then the story jumps , and later we get to understand that such and such have become lovers . It 's a first novel , so a few of these episodes can be excused , but it 's frustating to read -LRB- and seems lazy of the author -RRB- . As alternate history , the story is n't much good
 Shadow of Ararat is one of those books which sounds promising at first , but just fails to hit the mark . First of all , the book is HUGE and the font is VERY small . Ruthless truncating is needed here -- nothing that a good editor ca n't do.In addition to that , I believe Mr. Harlan , though a budding , talented author , needs to take a few courses on cohesive narration and plot . I could never really fathom the plot -- I have an odd habit of not reading the inside book cover summaries , and then I try to figure out the basic storyline as I read the book . Usually this works , but not with Shadow of Ararat . I did not even know who were the main characters ! Mr. Harlan changes the points-of-view so often and strays away from one character for such a long time , that when you get back to that character 's point-of-view , you 've most likely already forgotten about him or her . -LRB- At least , that 's what it 's like with me ; otherwise I 'm just another average fourteen-year-old . -RRB- Another gripe I have about this book is the narration . Some of the sentences are rather choppy , and Mr. Harlan seems to find pleated tunics and dazzling sunsets and magic spells much more fascinating to write about than actually developing a coherent plot . It is clear that Mr. Harlan has done his homework and researched extensively . For that , I commend him , as this is a historical/fantasy novel . I was just a bit surprised that once I had finished this book , I discovered that I had learned more about ancient Roman and Persian weapons and clothes , and did NOT feel enlightened in any way whatsoever . But Mr. Harlan does have a good eye for detail ; he at least paints a very colorful picture of what the Roman empire was like . You can just see the tumultuous , chaotic atmosphere of the city of Rome , and the hot , sweltering Egyptian desert under the noonday sun . He does spend a good amount of time describing a character 's clothing and physical appearance.What I found most disappointing about this book , however , is the lack of an interesting plot , and its incohesive narration which I thought was rather confusing . Sometimes I found myself reading passages just for the sake of finishing the book . At times I even wanted to throw the book out my window in hopes that it would give hapless passersby a headache as bad as the one I would be having -LRB- from reading the book -RRB- .
 Even if it were n't a debut novel , the sheer prodigious immensity of The Shadow of Ararat would be stupefying . And I 'm not just talking about length , either ; jillion-word fantasy epics are ten-a-penny these days . First-time novelist Harlan has brought nearly two decades of experience creating historical war games , as well as an obvious lifetime of love for ancient history and archaeology , to this sweeping story set in an alternate ancient Rome , which , in Harlan 's milieu , still exists well into the 7th century C.E. , and where magic plays a prominent role . If awards were handed out solely on the basis of excellence in astonishingly detailed and researched world-building , we could just hand Harlan his lifetime achievement award now and save time . But there are other elements to fantasy novel writing just as important , and it 's in these areas Harlan shows he could use serious improvement . Although the scenes of military conflict -- that is , any of the scenes in which Harlan brings his prodigious knowledge of military history to bear -- are rousing , the fantasy elements fall flat on their collective faces , as Harlan simply does not make them make much sense for the reader . Harlan is a fabulous historian , but a dreary storyteller . There are many things about his story that Harlan fails to make clear , and this flaw literally suffuses the book from beginning to end , despite the obvious hard work that Harlan put into realizing his alternate ancient world for us . At no time did I ever have a clear grasp of the nature of the magic in Harlan 's milieu . There is an `` unseen world , '' apparently , from which forces both good and evil called be called forth . Necromancy plays a big part ; both the bad guys and Maxian raise men from the dead to assist them -LRB- Maxian raises no less a personage than Julius Caesar , here called Gaius Julius , a potentially staggering plot element that Harlan does a dazzling job of nothing with -RRB- . But none of the rituals or methods that mages employ in Harlan 's world make much sense ; I never had a clear understanding of what Maxian was up to throughout the whole book . At one point in the novel we are suddenly treated to Maxian and his cohorts in an iron foundry in Constantinople , building an enormous mechanical flying machine for no apparent reason other than it will get him to the front lines of battle quickly ! Whoa ! Where did Maxian 's knowledge to build this come from ? If the technology to do this exists at all , why are n't the skies of Harlan 's Empire chock full of these things ? That is just one example of Harlan 's slipshod plotting . The book is filled with intriguing ideas that Harlan introduces early on only to seem to have forgotten hundreds of pages later . For example , this curse on Rome . Where did it come from ? So many questions that Harlan leaves unanswered . For instance , a potentially suspenseful plot element in which Maxian tries to figure out the deaths of several well-to-do merchant families that may be a clue as to the nature of the curse -LRB- one of the families has invented movable type -RRB- literally disappears from the story . We never learn why these particular families were killed , nor what they had to do with anything at all that transpires later in the novel ! Still , it 's true that Harlan 's deeply sloppy plotting may go unnoticed by fans of alternate history and historical fantasy who will rightfully be impressed by Harlan 's research and skills at world-building . No doubt about it , the man knows his stuff . But then , even here , I found a much more prosaic problem with this book . To be blunt , it 's just plain boring . Only in the book 's last 200 pages or so -LRB- out of the paperback 's 793 -RRB- does the story offer up some of its most stirring sequences , particularly in its battle scenes . This kind of sweeping , epic storytelling would be insanely ambitious even for veteran authors the likes of James Clavell or Wilbur Smith ; for a debut novel , well , Jeez ... you have to admire Harlan 's cojones , but that the whole thing is crushed under its own weight ultimately does n't come as much of a surprise . A guy ca n't reasonably expect to write his very first novel and have it turn out to be War and Peace , any more than a first-time film director can expect to make Lawrence of Arabia .
 Conn Dury has been living with Kate on her ranch for how long ? Ten years ? Fourteen years ? Oh , well , a long time . And he loves her desperately . So why has n't he married her ? Because he never could find the right words ? So they 've mended fences together and branded cattle and fought Indians , just like a married couple , but he ca n't find the right words ? Come on ! Besides this flaw in the plot , there are a host of others . There are too many different villains , too many flashbacks , too many fast forwards , and too many digressions . I knew that Conn and Kate would beat the bad guys in the end , but by the time they finally wrapped it up , my only reaction was `` Whatever ! ''
 I read this book after reading the review of others . I have to say this book will not go into my library of books to keep . I really expected alot better from this author , since his books continue to sell despite his death.The book had little action , and did not excite me . I found the confrontation at the end to be the most exciting part of the book ! Really thought it could of used more action throughout.Most of the book was building its way to the final 4 chapters , guess what I am trying to say was that I was really just plain disappointed by this author .
 This could have been a really interesting and informative book - reviewing the agendas of the world 's leading development institutions -LRB- mainly the World Bank -RRB- the implementation and effect of those agenda 's . It contains some really interesting case-studies . It is a critical book , which might be very enlighting . A critical analysis the World Bank 's -LRB- and other internatinal financial institutions -RRB- is certainly warranted . However , it was not always clear to me what the book 's criticism is
 This author understands absolutely nothing about Russian or Soviet history.If you wish to worship Ronald Reagan , this is the book for you!If you want to understand Russian and Soviet politics , history -LRB- warts and all -RRB- do n't waste your time , you will find almost total propaganda.His comments and quotes from Gorbachev , however , are appreciated . It is about time Americans got over their `` gorby love '' . I saw this author on BookTV -- he can not even pronounce Russian names correctly , let alone get very much right about Russian people and Soviet life -LRB- one example
 I wrote the plays attributed to William Shakespeare . I admit my dates do n't match up and I have no documented evidence , but I can produce the most important artifact to support my claim , something nobody else has . I have my original manuscripts and I will willingly submit examples of my handwriting to prove I wrote the plays . Believe me , I am the author of the plays of William Shakespeare .
 if you want to read REAL research and be utterly taken in by it , read SWEET SWAN OF AVON by Robin P. Williams . Astounding and awe-inspiring book !! Sweet Swan of Avon
 The authors argue that Sir Henry Neville was Shakespeare based on two types of argument . First is alleged documentary evidence , consisting apparently of three documents . The first is the Tower Notebook dated 1602 consisting apparently of exerpts copied from documents kept in the Tower of London . The authors concentrate particularly on sections dealing with the coronation of Anne Bolyn , linking it to scenes and stage directions in Shakespeare 's play Henry VIII . They pay particular attention to annotations in the Notebook that they claim might have been made by Neville . They , however , fudge completely the question of whether this is actually in Neville 's handwriting or just looks like it might be Neville 's hand when considered by someone who is not a handwriting expert . It is possible that the notebook actually was in Neville 's possession at some time , that it was produced at Neville 's instructions , and that the annotations are in Neville 's hand , but these are all in the realm of possibility -- not in any way established fact , and least not by the authors . Furthermore , the play , Henry VIII , is believed to have been co-authored by John Fletcher , and appeared in the records and apparently was written in the form we now have at a time when Shakespeare -- whoever he actually was -- seems to have moved away from play-writing . Even if the above possibilities could be established , it could still be the case that Flethcher -- who knew Neville apparently -- got the information from Neville , without establishing any presumption of authorship for Neville . The second documentary source is an annoted version of Halle 's chronicles which might -- or might not -- have been in Neville 's possession and might -- or might not -- have been annotated by him . How relevant the annotations are to matters that Shakespeare used in his plays is not considered . Again the handwriting question is fudged . Thirdly , the enigmatic Northumberland Manuscript is supposed to establish the connection , though again the question of handwriting is not dealt with , while the significance seems to be largely in the eye of the beholder.The other major line of argument comes from parallels from Neville 's life to things in the plays and -LRB- possibly -RRB- the poems . This is in the `` must have '' school or argument . Shakespeare must have done certain things or had ceretain experiences . E.g. Shakespeare `` must have '' travelled for substantial periods in northern Italy , he `` must have '' had military experience , he `` must have '' had naval experience , he `` must have '' had legal training , he `` must have '' had access to an extensive library , etc. , etc. , etc. . One wishes that someone would make a list of these `` must have `` s , so that one could easily check how many have been covered . There are many coincidences of this sort that do fit Sir Henry Neville , but they also fit any number of other Elizabethans . Of course , these `` must have `` s have also been used to try to flesh out `` biographies '' of William Shakespeare of Stratford about whom so little is really known.The case for Neville being Shakespeare is not furthered by the authors rush to conclusion . For instance , the tower notebook , which might have been Neville 's by Chapter 11 has become `` Sir Henry Neville 's Notebook . '' The straightforward telling of Neville 's life is marred by repeated claims that Will Shakespeare did not have these experiences -- as far as we know.I did n't find the reasons given for Neville 's using a pseudonym very plausible . Similarly , the alleged contempory remarks that can be taken as indicating that Neville was the Shakespeare , are not very convincing , especially an attempt to interpret a passage where Ben Jonson claims that he -LRB- Jonson -RRB- is a poet to mean that Neville was a poet.Finally , the scholarship is often poorly done -- facts are alluded to without reference to their source , and there is no bibliography or list of sources published or unpublished that were consulted.All this does n't mean that it is not an interesting book . I just wish that it were better done , documented more carefully and argued more cogently . It certainly did n't move Neville into the lead in my personal cogitations about who really wrote Shakespeare .
 I think you have to be a little new at the authorship question to fall in love with this book . Not that I 'm an expert , just a very interested amateur . This one has about the highest proportion of `` obviously `` s , `` undoubtedly `` s and `` it can not be denied `` s , etc. , of anything I 've read yet on the subject . The thesis is that Henry Neville wrote the plays , but the evidence is thin , and we end up with some wonderfully contorted logic.My favorite example is on page 185 about the dedication of the sonnets , printed in 1609 . The dedication is signed `` T.T. '' and there 's general agreement that T.T. was Thomas Thorpe , the book 's publisher . Why is n't it signed `` H.N. '' for Henry Neville ? Because , according to The Truth Will Out , dedications are never written by publishers but by authors . So Henry Neville concealed his identity by initialing his dedication as the publisher -LRB- who never write dedications -RRB- . Okay , hmm , scratch , scratch , ... ? Still , I 'm glad to have read this book , for questions it reminds me to keep in mind as I read about more likely possibilities.Interestingly , John Lyly 's Sapho and Phao which predates and resembles A Midsummer Night 's Dream in an intriguing number of ways ... Take Me With You When You Go
 How much about The Future you can learn by someone who thinks Global Warming is a superstition?Is really saddening that such poor judgments are still made in the XXI century .
 This book is neither good contents nor sharp predicts . What is this book?I think it is just garbage . If you want get more information for your future life and your future business , it is better that you need to read Toefler 's work , The Revolutionary Wealth . Naisbitt is not present man any more . He is the past man !!!
 I really wanted to like this book . It was Naisbitt 's `` Megatrends '' , and Peters ' `` In Search Of Excellence '' that had initially turned me on to business/culture books that provoked interest and thought and dialogue , and helped develop personal growth.There is just so much to learn from someone as distinguished and experienced as John Naisbitt . In fact , Mr. Naisbitt does take his readers on a global tour as attendees of his speeches and meetings . And yet , there is something missing that -LRB- at least for me -RRB- created a sense of ennui and paragraph skipping . At one point I felt so guilty that I was not giving the book a fair enough shot , I decided to begin anew and retrace the first 76 pages to revive my personal mind set . It still did n't happen for me.For one thing , the book is a bit confusing . The majority of the book involves a description of 11 `` mind sets '' on which readers could evaluate past , present and future events . Fair enough . But the eleven mind sets were not especially insightful -LRB- e.g. , Focus on the score of the game , Resistance to change falls if the benefits are real , Do n't add unless you subtract et als . -RRB- , and -LRB- too -RRB- often the examples were just too old/dated for too many people . -LRB- As a point of reference , I am nearing 60 , and I am stunned by the lack of understanding of the historical significance of Viet Nam by bright young people under the age of 30 . How , then , can many readers tie in the references to things happening at Harvard in the 50 's , or when the author was part of the Kennedy Administration ? -RRB- . And , then the author tries to connect his eleven mind sets to future trends . This part was pretty sketchy . Frankly , the thought that we are becoming a more visual society than one in which people sit idly by reading the next great novel , or burying themselves in five daily newspapers is hardly a revelation . Nor is the fact that China is ascending in terms of world significance a new idea . Nor too is the prediction that Europe will continue its descent into an irrelevant continent of countries in which a significant percentage of people will be on economy-killing welfare programs , while the rest are so despaired that they do not sufficiently bear children to pay for all the social largesse , all the while hating the American model of capitalism , a revelation of any depth.Ultimately , I think that Mr. Naisbitt 's Mind Set fails here because he has not kept pace with the height of the bar that he personally raised over twenty years ago . He references Megatrends -LRB- his 80 's masterpiece which sold over 9 million copies -RRB- so many times , and with such reverence that I could sense that he was almost devining that you place Mind Set at the same level of distinction by association of his authorship . But , Megatrends was the seminal book of its time - so creative , so stimulating , and so important . Mind Set just is n't close to being in the same league.Since then , other writers have raised the standard of business/cultural writing with well researched books that certainly challenge and stimulate the readers . They have expanded on the lessons learned from Megatrends , and they do it better than Mind Set.As you can see from the other books that I have reviewed , I read many books in this genre . It is inevitable to compare/rate one book within the context of all the others that you have read , and , within this context , there are better books to read .
 I was expecting a lot from this book but I was in for a big disappointment . I really tried hard but when an author becomes unprofessional that is the absolute limit . I never had this feeling before of wanting to throw a book literally in the bin . I have read many similar books before but this book is not professional and certainly not scientific.The subtitle `` reset your thinking and see the future '' becomes therefore pretty much a joke , especially when an author starts bashing in this case on Europe without real argumentations or facts . By doing so John Naisbitt exposes himself of being very unknowledgeable or unprepared for this book . It is a worrisome observation as it makes you wonder how John Naisbitt got to his other viewpoints for this book . If you have even minimal international experience you can write better chapters yourself.Another reviewer at amazon.com even wrote that this author talked like a teenager going for a personal revenge against someone or something . Sadly I have to agree with this reviewer . And you simple do n't pay for a book to read someone 's narrow mind setting , frustrations and very poor made extrapolations . John Naisbitt just tries here to ride on his past-successes . Regarding the `` mindsets '' offered I have to agree fully with the reviewer James A. Hatherley from Boston -LRB- reviewer at amazon.com -RRB- . He wrote an excellent and even very polite -LRB- and similar negative -RRB- review of this book.So really , forget this book and read `` The world is flat '' by Thomas L. Friedman instead
 I was given this book by a fellow professor and after reading the first chapter I was , honestly , excited to be working with her class and it . But after the 3rd mindset or so the book lost it for me . I read some of the other reviews here on Amazon and agree with most of them , so I wo n't bother repeating what others said well.Here 's my advice : Read the table of contents - that 's all you need for most of the 11 mindsets.Read the first 3 chapters of part 1 . Read the last chapter -LRB- ch 5 -RRB- of part 2 . I 'm not sure , but perhaps you can skip all that and just read part 2 , chapter 5 and you 'll have something to really think about.As an educator , I 'm fascinated with America 's general views on science and religion -LRB- especially compared to the rest of the world -RRB- and this last chapter , if a good prediction of the future , will make everyone think/rethink about what it means to be human . ^ ^ Rob
 Mediocre followup to earlier work . About two pages of each chapter are 98 % of what is of at least modest value re ways of finding clues to future . But this fails because it is more about using media and other clues with noting substantive about understanding history or other cultures.Seems mostly about financing his collection of modern art . Generally a waste of time .
 Yes I enjoyed this book . Yes it was funny . Yes it was different . It also happened to be wordy , boring if you 're not familiar with the Atlanta area , and so predictible . It is in no way great or 5 star material . It 's a got-it-from-a-friend , out - of-other-books read .
 A neurotic hypochondriac , Zoe Rose is her own woman . Ever since witnessing the cruelty of girls toward each other in kindergarten , she has studied behavior between girls and women . As an adult , she seizes an opportunity to spread her message of treating each other right . She believes women will make better strides in the world if they support rather than sabotage each other.As a new editor at a popular women 's magazine , Zoe shakes up the trendy crew with a new name for the publication , and a fresh perspective on content . Her brother-in-law 's mother bands with longtime staffers to undermine the new efforts.Zoe does n't care what people think about her lack of style , sudden weight gain , or eating habits . In fact , an old friend is solidly on her side . What she does care about is that the wonderful medium of a best-selling magazine can do some good in the world , if it is n't irretrievably sabotaged . Why ca n't some people understand that she just wants to save the world 's women from each other?While the idea for this story an endearing premise , it falls far short of expectations . Zoe is a difficult character to enjoy . Between obsessing over germs , pregnancy tests , and trying to make women treat each other nice , she comes across as snarky , insensitive , and too full of herself . For being so smart , she is incredibly oblivious to the pregnancy that is obvious to everyone else , and her article/spread ideas are only mildly inspired . Rambling dialogue further slows the plot , threatening to loss the reader 's interest . The multiple group discussions -LRB- magazine staff meetings -RRB- are difficult to follow at times , as well.Although the author 's message was well meaning , the read itself was something of a disappointment.Reviewed by Christina Wantz Fixemer10/20/2006
 I picked up Stephanie Lessing 's Miss Understanding in an airport , hoping for a quick , light read . I chose it because the protagonist , Zoe Rose , was portrayed as a feminist on the back cover blurb . I enjoyed the movie version of `` The Devil Wears Prada '' and thought it would be fun to see how a feminist takes on a fashion magazine in an unapologetically chick-lit story.Oh my God , did I feel defrauded . Zoe is not a feminist . Zoe describes her co-workers at the fashion magazine based largely on their looks . She speculates about the editor-in-chief 's apparent revulsion towards an employee whose pants are too tight with this witticism
 While MISS UNDERSTANDING is riotously funny at times -LRB- one chapter about her first day of school had me nearly in tears , I laughed so hard -RRB- , the joke just plain got too complicated and too old . This is one of few books that I did n't bother to finish . It just stopped being funny , and I have a long list of books to move on to .
 I 'll give this book two stars , for being mildly entertaining and an easy read to pass the time . However , overall - I think it was kind of disappointing.After reading the overview on the back of the book , it seemed like a good idea and a great story - The feminist who remembers how painful it was to be made fun of as a child over her appearance -LRB- and her childhood friend being laughed at for wearing the same dress every day -RRB- goes to work at a fashion magazine with a message to women to stop tearing each other down , and placing so much of our value on the way we look.Unfortunately , the characters just seemed way over the top , and not believable at all . I found Zoe , the main character kind of hard to believe with her hypochondria , and the descriptions of what she wore to work -LRB- ok , I know she does n't care about how she looks , but long underwear , sweat socks with ballet slippers , and the way she was dressed in the salon were a bit ridiculous . -RRB- Not to mention the pregnancy she supposedly was n't aware of . Her being so deathly afraid of pregnancy while doing nothing at all to prevent it ? Not buying it . The hardcore feminist paired up with a die-hard Republican boyfriend being a match made in heaven was pretty hard to buy , too.Her sister 's character , Chloe was also over the top and sounded pretty dumb and ditzy . Her co-workers at the magazine seemed like a real motley crew , or something out of a bad sit-com . And some of the titles for articles she came up with , `` Why Some Women Eat Their Makeup '' ? Please . I understand trying to poke fun at the fashion industry , as well as how silly some fashion magazine articles are , but C'mon ! Even the office cattiness , attempts to sabotage Zoe , and how quickly they found out were hard to believe.I think so much more could have been done with this concept , but this book came across as just silly .
 I had high hopes for this ... I was expecting a fun light read for the pool . But this book really disappointed me . It was completely unbelievable and just riduculous . I gave up about two thirds of the way through ... not worth my time . I have no idea how some people gave it high ratings . It was one of the worst books I have read in a really long time .
 For two decades Gold has peddled his notions about the formation of petroleum , and even coal , as a result of diffusion of methane from the mantle . In his view , this is from non-biogenic carbonaceous matter that accreted along with the rest of the planet . This book simply ties the hypothesis to recent discoveries of primitive , heat-loving organisms in boreholes extending down a couple of kilometres . Like any scientist , Gold selects his evidence , as is his privilege , but becomes more fanciful than anyone else would choose to and retain any credibility . It is not so much the evidence that he chooses , but the vast amount which he ignores . Among this is the growing realization that the Earth underwent a stupendous impact shortly after it formed , shedding a mass of incandescent rock vapour that gave birth to the Moon , and perhaps allowed the Earth 's core to separate from the mantle . The last gave the mantle an oxidizing nature . Far more probably than Gold 's hypothesis , the early Earth may have been completely molten at temperatures far in excess of those thought to pertain now . Both consequences spell an unlikely survival for abundant carbon-hydrogen compounds in the deep Earth . This is not a book for those scientists prone to apoplexy , nor for lay readers who wish to see the full breadth of knowledge . Being imaginative and well-written it has reached the science best-seller list , but then so did Erich von Daniken .
 There is a place in geology for fruitful speculation , but Gold 's thesis misses out . Speaking as a geologist , we actually do have a clear understanding of how oil , gas and coal -LRB- e. g. , Hypersea -RRB- form . The reason most oil is found in the Middle East is because of ancient oceanic productivity in the Tethyan seaway resulting from marine upwelling during the Mesozoic . Gold 's thesis is therefore unnecessary . I edited the English translation of Vladimir Vernadsky 's book The Biosphere . Vernadsky tells us that there is indeed a Deep Hot Biosphere . It has formed , however , by bacteria moving downward , not by organisms coming up from the the earth 's interior where temperatures and pressures make life impossible . I nevertheless have grudging admiration for Gold . I tip my hat to anyone who can convince the Swedes to spend tens of millions to drill a hole in the Siljan impact structure !
 The only reason I actually finished this boring , convoluted , uninteresting book was because I was stuck on an airplane with nothing else to read . I should have just gone to sleep . The plot -LRB- if there really is one -RRB- centers around the attempt to recover gold stolen by Japanese military leaders and buried in the Philippines during World War II . There is virtually no action or drama in the book -- just long , drawn-out explanations of historical activity by the main characters . I completely lost track of why some of the characters were in the book . Most of the activity -LRB- not action -RRB- is implausible and generally disconnected with the main theme . Do n't waste your time or money on this book .
 as a field bio I have to say that this book is just a waste of any investment of intellectual capital . It consists of page after page of un-labeled graphs and a series of references to other studies that are readily available . The price is outlandish considering this is nothing more than a glorified undergraduate term paper .
 Unlike the other books that I have read by Beverly Jenkins , I found this book unrealistic and hard to read . I never got past the 5th Chapter before I stopped reading the book .
 I love Beverly Jenkins but this book is definitely not her best ... There was no excitement and hardly no romance compared to her other books ...
 I am an avid Beverly Jenkins fan so when this book arrived on bookstores shelves , I rushed out and purchased it . Well , was I surprised when the story line , action nor sizzling hot romance lived up to her previous books . I found myself more concerned with the other characters -LRB- from her previous books -RRB- than with these characters . 2 THUMBS DOWN .
 I love Ms. Jenkins style of writing , however this book was disappointing . Where is the romance , the sizzling love scenes , the great dialogue her characters are known for ? We are spoiled fans and no one can write a romance like Beverly Jenkins . Please do more of the historical romances they were soooooooo good and take a break on the mystery stuff .
 The book itself is the kind of first-rate scholarship and engaging prose that readers have come to expect from this author , but the maps -LRB- crucial to grasping the argument itself -RRB- are miniaturized and turned 90 degrees to fit on the page of the Kindle edition . And if the Kindle is turned horizontally , they remain at 90 degrees . The superscripts are also not linked to the footnotes . In short , a shoddy job of rendering this for the Kindle . Go for the print copy , unless these things do n't bother you .
 In his `` Cities of God
 *** Back cover synopsis *** They could hide their painful pasts and true identities ... Facing the choice of flight or a wedding she can not abide , Kate Simon has chosen to flee . Disguised as a boy , she takes refuge in a roadside inn , and finds herself rooming with intensely secretive Christian Black . Kate is breathless in the presence of this handsome , mysterious rogue whose piercing gaze seems to strip her naked . But neither suspects that a savage storm and a murder will draw them closer together still.But not the passion in their heartsChristian dares not let anyone learn of his haunted past -- or that he is , in truth , the Earl of Canley -- especially not a slip of a girl whose masculine attire can not disguise the exquisite female form beneath . But now that destiny and a dastardly crime have united them , Christian can no longer contain his desire to taste the nectar of Kate 's sweet kiss . Danger certainly abounds , but the gravest peril might be resisting a once-in-a-lifetime passion that can heal all wounds . *** Personal opinion *** It 's an okay book to me . Although the idea of having Kate Simon disguise as a boy and shacking up at inn room with a rogue is in enticing plot , however , the book lacks some good chemistry between the two main characters . The `` investigation '' that happened at the inn was worth following and I must say Christian 's character does portray some good traits of a mischievous rogue , however , I see lots of space for more development to Christian 's character to become a more enticing and loveable rogue . Only if the author would put in a little more effort in developing her characters ' personality with more details instead of simply wording like
 The plotline was weak , and I found the relationship between Christian and Kate -LRB- repeated physical intimacy out of marriage , without a care that Kate would get pregnant -RRB- , to be very unrealistic . Also I just found it disturbing that Christian in one of the scenes , seduces Kate inside the room where the murder had taken place . And both Christian and Kate did not have a strong enough motive to investigate the crime the way they did in the story . This story had so much potential , it could have been really good , but it 's not .
 Well , in this book , trying to catch a killer completely detracted from the main story , which is supposed to be the love between the heroes . But I did n't see any love . There was just ... some lust ? And being trapped together in strange circumstances ? Well , nothing I could n't do without . Two stars for the main characters , though .
 I did not enjoy this book as much as I had hoped . I was lead astray by the cover and synopsis . I 'm not a big fan of the historical romances but some are fun and interesting . Sadly , this one was not.The premise sounded good , a girl masquerading as a boy to escape a horrible marriage and awful brother falls in love with an earl also hiding . However , not much was made of this . The vast majority of the book was talking . It read like a police procedural . And while I do enjoy the occasional Ed McBain , I do n't enjoy him in my Victorian romance.Too much of this book focused on investigating the mystery of who killed Mr. Julius Janson . It was n't even done well . The book went on for pages and pages questioning patrons of the inn and searching rooms.I also felt there was too much unnecessary mystery surrounding Kate 's head wrap and fear of clock chimes . That too got tiresome . The best parts of this book were the beginning where everything is set up , and the end where Christian confronts his father and the mystery of Kate 's head wrap are revealed . But even the ending was too convenient.I would have enjoyed this book more had more time been spent focusing on the characters and creating chemistry between them than in solving the murder mystery .
 I bought this book because it has Bernard Cornwell 's name in great big letters on the front cover . But I find it hard to believe that he had much to do with the writing , it 's that bad . I can only suspect that it was mostly his wife 's work -LRB- she is listed as co-author , in much smaller type -RRB- . If you 're looking for a Barbara Cartland bodice-ripper , this is for you . If you 're looking for another Bernard Cornwell book , keep looking . I feel like I was tricked into buying it , and I will be more careful in the future.Jim Beckman
 I did n't think that Bernard Cornwell could write a bad book . Unfortunately , Fallen Angels has proved me wrong . The story limps from one schmaltzy phrase to another , limping along - dragging the lame carcass of a storyline that has virtually none of the historical flare that Cornwell normally does so well . In fact , I had to check the cover several times to confirm that this was
 When I bought this book , on Kindle , I expected a typical Bernard Cornwell book . I expected a thoroughly researched , historical novel of near epic proportions . What i got was one of the worst bodice rippers I have ever seen.Start with the setting . It is 1893 , mostly England , at the time of the Reign of Terror in France . The estate of the Earl of Lazon is one of the biggest in England , but we are only told this . There are no scenes of movement to show it , merely mentions of the fact , often mentions of the fact . London scenes of gambling dens/bawdy houses , are , again , described , but not really shown . Venues of debauchery are glossed over -LRB- if you do n't want to describe them , why mention them -RRB- and cursorily described . Only the scene of an execution in Paris has the kind of detail -LRB- ie
 I 'm half way through this and probably wo n't finish it . It 's a love story more than a historical novel . A bit of insights into the class system in England in the era of the French Revolution , but not much else in the way of history . Not a real Cornwell novel by any means . Not a bad story , mind you , but not what I was expecting .
 This novel is unusually dull for Bernard Cornwell , one of my favourite contemporary authors . It is mostly a romantic tale interwoven with elements of secret societies -LRB- the Illuminati -RRB- and the French Revolution . However , romance clearly dominates -LRB- and indeed overwhelms -RRB- the whole story . I found the novel mawkish and slow-paced . I had first been attracted by the reference about `` A Crowning Mercy '' , which I had immensely enjoyed two years ago . However , the story has nothing to do with `` A Crowning Mercy '' . If anything , it falls painfully short of the standards previously set in `` A Crowning Mercy '' . As of the middle of the book , I had already correctly conjectured who the villain calling himself `` Lucifer '' might be . Maybe that explains why the end was not as tantalising as I had expected . The romance is also entirely unlikely and indeed unrealistic . Also , I thought the denouement had been dashed . There are far better novels by Bernard Cornwell
 I 'm a big fan of Cornwall 's , and his many books , This is n't one of them , What it is a slushy historical novel that is more in keeping with drug store romance stuff . That bit about the gypsy love affair for that period of history was too much for me . The predudice of the time made that just impossible.No matter how big a shovel they used to cover this fact up it was just too big mound .
 I THOUGHT THAT IT WILL BE LIKE AGRINOT BUT I GOT MIXED UP IT HAS A LOT OF ROMANCE
 There is so much wrong with this book I hardly know where to begin . Your misgivings commence with Mister Borg 's critique of this famous statement by CS Lewis -LRB- a scholar completely out of Mister Borg 's league -RRB- : `` A man who was merely a man and said the sort of things Jesus said would not be a great moral teacher . He would either be a lunatic - on a level with the man who says he is a poached egg - or else he would be the Devil of Hell . Either this man was , and is , the Son of God , or else a madman or something worse . `` Thus wrote CS Lewis . Mister Borg 's rebuttal ? `` The persuasiveness of the statement depends upon a literal-factual reading of the gospels . Its logic works only within this framework '' -LRB- p. 19 -RRB- . That is , CS Lewis 's statement is true only if the Gospels are true.Here , Borg segues into his mantra that the New Testament is a collection of folk metaphors back-engineered onto a Jewish mystic named Jesus of Nazareth . Not only were the teachings of Jesus metaphors -LRB- parables -RRB- but the events recounted in the synoptics and John 's gospel also are metaphors . Anything Borg takes issue with on the grounds of his own idiosyncratic personal druthers simply did n't happen.It 's all metaphor , baby.Presumably the Old Testament prophecies re the Messiah , which Jesus of Nazareth fulfilled , * also * were metaphors.The problem with Borg 's tack is the text he supposedly `` analyzes '' in fact vanishes under his assumption , and therefore Borg 's assumption is self-contradictory . Borg 's solution ? We will read the Gospel narrative like literature , like the `` secondhand religion '' -LRB- p. 115 -RRB- it is . It would be more honest of Mister Borg to state he considers there is no reliable fact in the Gospels whatever - just multiple plot devices for a good Uncle Remus story . Which , to be fair , he more or less implicitly does state . Repeatedly.Mister Borg declares flat-out the miracles of Christ never happened ; ie , they simply made good plot devices -LRB- metaphors -RRB-
 My New Testament professor used this book as the primary pillar of her curriculum and it is an atrocious academic disaster ! It does not matter whether you are a Christian or an Atheist - whether you want to believe these things or not , this book is not the way to go ! Borg makes no secret of a strong bias against conservative Christianity . He goes as far as to label it as `` dismaying '' in his book 's epilogue . Any true scholar would have the dignity to bow out of a topic for which his point of view is so admittedly tilted in one direction.Furthermore , from page one Marcus Borg builds his arguments from essentially nothing . He begins every point he wishes to make with vague , seemingly innocuous assumptions which he does not affirm as fact . However , later in every chapter he will return to use those assumptions as evidence for his more `` radical '' claims as if they had been absolute fact all along.This is only the beginning of the academic crimes for which Borg is guilty . He also takes many aspects of the Gospels out of context to make his points . He will claim that is what conservative Christians are doing - that may or may not be true on a case by case basis . However , do not in reading this book make the mistake of believing this means Borg is immune to such a mistake . He regularly takes individual verses straight out of the Bible with literally no contextual support and uses them to make assertions about Christ which make precious little sense whatsoever.Borg is also guilty of using association tactics not all dissimilar from advertising schemes to make people want to believe what he has to say . He regularly references `` mainstream scholars '' as people who support his points of view . The challenge comes in finding passages in his book where he actually names these people and why they ought to be considered scholars ! It is suspiciously similar to car ads in which attractive people are seen driving various vehicles . The reader is supposed to feel more comfortable with the message knowing that `` mainstream scholars '' support it.Although there are many more fallacies within the book there is one more which is prevalent and critical to being aware of why this book is flawed . Borg regularly makes use of straw man fallacies . For those of you not aware , a straw man fallacy essentially takes the argument of an opponent and somehow manipulates it to make it seem more ridiculous and therefore easier to dispute . In discussing what conservative Christians believe Borg does this every time he makes an argument . Never take what he has to say about them at face value . If you do you will inevitably get a very broken image of their beliefs . Borg shamelessly twists fundamental conservative Christian beliefs to make them appear bigoted , ignorant , and poorly thought out . This is the farthest thing from what should be considered professional and academically sound.It would be an interesting thing to watch if Borg were to actually challenge those beliefs he attacks in this book as they actually are on a fair playing field . It would not be surprising to discover the outcome is very different than `` Jesus '' purports it will be . Borg 's book is an absolute affront to logic and the academic world and should by no means be used as a factual text book . He not only provides mere opinions as `` facts '' , but does so by presenting vague information with very little if any actual evidence or professional support to back them up.If you must read this book , do so with a grain of salt . Realize that Borg is at very best no better than the author of an opinion column in the newspapers . Take nothing he says for granted , and better yet get a second opinion . There are a tremendous number of true scholars out there who vehemently disagree with everything Borg believes in . Balance your theological education with them if you must read this book . One book I can recommend for such a purpose is `` The Case for Christ '' by Lee Strobel . He is an investigative reporter who takes a truly objective and logical approach to the subject and garners evidence to the contrary of Borg 's views from several extraordinarily well-qualified people rather than himself and `` mainstream scholars '' . Balanced understanding is critical !
 This was my first Marcus Borg book and from the back cover blurbs , I was expecting a modern C.S. Lewis of kinds . On this I was mistaken . Borg writes ; `` It is possible ... that the afterlife was not a central concern of Jesus and that he used the language of a final judgment to reinforce the importance of acting compassionately . '' plus ; `` The judgement will not be based on membership in a group , or on beliefs , or on rule keeping , but on deeds of compassion . '' Spoken like a true snake of end times literature . After only a few more paragraphs , where I opened the book at random , it became apparent that the author was talking about Ghandi and not about Jesus Christ . Anyone with an ounce of spiritual discernment , will quickly come to the realisation that Borg 1 -RSB- has not read The Holy Bible or 2 -RSB- has read The Holy Bible and chooses to write demonically inspired new age literature , in order to misled people regarding the true meaning of Christianity . No wonder it was a New York Times bestseller . Get behind me , Satan .
 I was ready to write a review to really get into this book when someone reminded me today , if you do n't have anything nice to say , shut up.So I will just say ; I had 30 book darts point out contradictions , assumptions and facts that had no evidence .
 I may not be the sharpest knife in the drawer , but this book left me flat and somewhat agitated . I could n't wait to be finished with it . Long winded diatribes , strange presumptions , crazy metaphors , when there was a point to make it took half a chapter to do it , other wise it kind of ambled along begging for somewhere to go . I 'm not trying to be unkind , but I still have no clue what this book was about . I had to select 1 star , but I really mean zero stars .
 Really sad . Pure unbelief . The attack on the deity and character of Jesus continues .
 Amazing that one can write this revisionist nonsense and get an audience . It shows how far the Christian Church has fallen in its educational and apologetic duties . How can our community be so ignorant as to fall for this PRSH -LRB- look the Hebrew up -RRB- ?
 This product looks like a cheap rendering of the original work . It is a typed up version of the book and not very well done , pages break at odd places and the illustrations are missing . It does appear that the story content is all there , which if you are reading to small children as a bed-time story , will work .
 This is the slowest most poorly written book I 've ever begun to read . You would be reading along in the book and it would make a reference to a page number . I 'm not one to go back and flip through my reader to see the reference . I kept waiting for the story to begin and it just kept jumping around . No wonder this book was offered free who would buy it ?
 I truly like the Pickett family and their interaction with local folks . Nate for me however is a stretch and seems to be made for TV . In this book , Nate 's connection with the bear lacks depth and goes beyond the limit of the `` suspension of disbelief '' . In some ways , Nate goes beyond the boundary set by Tomlinson , the funky , hippy , baseball playing , sidekick of Doc Ford in the Randy Wayne White mysteries . And the bear , falls well short of Shardik , the mystical bear , in Richard Adams second novel . I have read them in order thus far on my Kindle -LRB- thanks for having a Kindle edition -RRB- and will read on because I like the writing . Where can a reader find a protagonist of integrity , a husband and wife that love one another , children that are properly peculiar , and a pain-in-the-neck mother-in-law - where - in a C.J. Box novel . Buy one - just not this one . Hope the next book returns to the simple rules of its predecessors .
 I was extremely disappointed by the last Pickett novel and hoped this one would return to the quality of the first two . The book opens with an intriguing mystery-the inexplicable mutilation of wild animals-followed by two horrific murders . Joe Pickett has found his moral compass again . The portraits of Joe and his family are superb . The first half of the book is a page turner . Then , the resolution ... . The villains were ridiculous , the solution of the murders was extraordinarily contrived . High hopes for this outing -- not fullfilled . I 'll pass on Pickett five .
 Joe Pickett is quite a decent character for along running series and Wyoming is certainly an interesting setting.The author writes quite well when describing scenery and the dialogue between the hero and his wife and daughters is quite believable . There are lots of family scenes , however it does begin to get repetitive . His wife has now got a job so we are constantly told that she no longer cooks for the family and that the refrigerator is empty.This starts off quite well . The premise is quite intriguing . Unfortunately the more you read the sillier it gets . It is just incredibly unrealistic . People act in ridiculous ways . At times it is almost childlike in its simplicity . The police procedural and forensic elements never ring true.It does get very predictable and it seemed that the author got bored with a few plot threads and just forgot about them.The supernatural element is very poorly developed and does n't really fit into the rest of the story .
 In the words of the books hero and I quote What a bunch of who-who crap . This was a huge disappointment after reading the first three books of the series .
 This particular volume in the Joe Pickett saga was off the mark . It 's the first book I 've read by Mr. Box that I seriously considered not finishing . The pacing in the first half was slow and the story not all that interesting or likable . It was n't until page 222 in the hardback edition that things started to pick up and even then the action was just layered over a convoluted and gory mess of a story that just never came together very well . What 's sad to me is that this book had an interesting premise . I 'm glad that Trophy Hunt is not representative of Mr. Box 's talents because if this had been the first book of his that I 'd ever read I have wound up missing out on a fantastic author .
 I am on page 127 and am giving up . I thought the plot sounded interesting but I had to FORCE myself to read the first three chapters . Chapter four threw in a little twist and I thought , `` maybe there is hope '' . NO . There is not . Being a striving author myself , I am trying very hard to tone this review down . I know how disappointing it would be to read something like ... `` IN chapter 2 , the uncle shoots himself with his own pistol . It 's ruled an accidental death ; however , I think it was intentional . He 'd seen where this book was headed and got out as quickly as he could . Wish I could have had the foresight to end there as well . '' I 'm sure that would hurt Beverly 's feelings . But the book truly is that awful.I consider myself something of a connoisseur of historical romances . I LOVE Julia Quinn , Lisa Kleypas , Judith McNaught , Elizabeth Thornton , etc. . BTW , those would all be wonderful alternatives to this book.I 'm not sure where Beverly went wrong . The plot is fine . The characters are likable enough . There was a moment of chemistry that she could have turned into something . But for some reason , the book instead became a horribly written , mind-numbing creation . You get page after page of insight into the characters ' thoughts and yet learn NOTHING . For some unknown reason Simon realizes he has fallen in love with Jancy ; there is nothing leading up to this ` thunderbolt ' except his ENDLESS circular inner chatter . The conversations between characters are just as boring . And to top it off , chapter 11 has the WORST sensual scene I have EVER read . It was almost comical.I have reread through my own attempts at novel writing and , thanks to Beverly 's book , have decided to submit a couple for review . After all , if she could get this book published then mine are sure things .
 I have been a fan of Beverley for ages ... but I could n't finish this book.What bothered me was a disconnect in the kind of relationship being portrayed and the way that Beverley wrote about it . Simon St. Bride and Jane Otterburn are forced to marry ; they have had a cordial relationship but no more . Both appear to be pretty mature , self-controlled people ; willing to make the best of their circumstances . The romance that follows is therefore , by necessity , of the slow but steady kind ; they learn to trust one another , they learn to love one another . A lot of the bonding occurs , for example , while they are clearing out the house of Jane 's deceased uncle , or suffering through a long sea voyage.What really bugged me were the moments where really extreme , dramatic emotions were inserted into this fairly quiet plot - when Simon said something about a `` thunderbolt '' revealing his love for Jane I kind of gave up on the book . It is just not a thunderbolt . Really awkward insertions of sexual heat hit me the same way.I did n't like Beverley 's last book -LRB- Shattered Rose -RRB- either ; I hope she is n't heading downhill .
 I was very disappointed in this book . First off , the book centered around too much death . The main character spent more time in mourning than anything else . Secondly , when Jancy finally reveals her true identity and that she 's been lying to Simon this whole time , he does n't even get mad . He just shrugs it off and acts as if it 's not that big of a deal . How can lying about who you really are not be that big of a deal ? Furthermore , when it becomes known who was trying to , more or less , sabatoge them , one page is dedicated to fighting and threatning this person to never show their face again . One of the plots in the story is about the `` papers '' and to just end it like that is disappointing . I was n't very happy with the book ; I would n't have finished reading it , but I wanted to get my money 's worth and though it would get better as the story line went along . I was wrong .
 By my troth , this book sucked eggs ! As previous reviewers have suggested , it is half dry historical tidbits meant to show of Farley 's ability to research , and half trashy bodice-ripping erotica . His attempt at a female voice is laughable -- literally , I rolled right off the couch when he suggested that young ladies get their period at the blossoming age of 17 . Anne 's voice in the novel was so muddled that at one point , I stopped to seriously consider if there were two narrators the entire time and I had simply missed it . Farley took an opportunity to have a passionate , sexy female lead and turned her into some weird boi-obsessed spinster . By the time Mary Read made her appearance halfway through the novel , I was only in it for the steamy girl-on-girl action , which was poor even by literotica standards.I love Anne Bonny and Mary Read , and I really would 've gobbled this book up even if it was bad like Michael Jackson -- but it was bad like Anne Rice ! You would n't believe the stuff he wrote ! `` A large bead of warm sweat dripped from Read 's face into the hollow between my breasts . The perspiration mixed with my own and trickled down my belly , disappearing between my legs . '' When my friend asked me what was so funny , I could n't even read it aloud I was laughing so hard.This man goes way far out of his way to edit out the coolest parts of the Bonny/Read story , instead going for an overall less complicated narrative . The result was pretty much poop . The characters lacked complexity , and he went for the silliest , most salaciously trite plot twists possible . Mary Read is pregnant with Anne Bonny 's hallucinogenic baby , while Anne Bonny is pregnant with Jack Rackham 's baby , but Jack Rackham is dead and gay ? Anne Bonny 's fake father wants to kill her so she can be more dead than she would be if she were executed ? Poop is a traitor ? Nooooo , not Poop ! Little Poop seemed like such a nice boy ! Whoops , belated spoiler alert!This book is hilariously bad . If you keep that in mind , it 's like reading Plan 9 ... only with more lesbian pirates . I gave it a rating of two instead of one mostly because it only took me a day to read . If it had robbed me of any more time on this earth , however , I would 've banged down the author 's door and personally demanded my life back .
 When I checked this book out of the library since it appeared to be the * only * book that would discuss the history of the coal mining industry in terms of how it revolutionized standard of living . The United States of America is considered the Saudia Arabia of coal . I wanted to read about how anthracite coal went from a pile of useless black rocks to a cheap , efficient , abundant and relatively clean energy source . Unfortunately , this book greatly fell short of my expectations in this regard.The chapters on Josiah White 's discovery of the utility of anthracite coal and the entrepreneurship of John Leisenring are very exciting to read . However , this book contains too much emphasis on the impact of labor unions in the coal industry . While I am not questioning the veracity or the importance of this information , I perceive that it just does not make inspiring reading material . I decided to not finish the book.Tragically , this still might be the best book on the productive geniuses behind the coal industry to date .
 I wish I could give this collection a positive review . Yes , I know it 's for charity . And yes , I enjoyed the similar collections of Irish and English writers - people like Cathy Kelly and Sheila Flanagan and Marian Keyes made the Irish one well worth reading.But this one ... Sigh . The fact that I 've only heard of about three of the authors is beside the point - and as it happens , the novellas by those I 've heard of are n't any better than the others in the collection anyway . My complaint about this book is that there is barely a single novella which actually has an * ending * . From stories which just make me go ` huh ? ' at the end to stories where I turn a page and suddenly discover that I 'm looking at the title page of the next short story , leaving me wondering what the heck the ending is supposed to be ... I 'm practically speechless.Just give me an * ending * , someone ! At this stage I 'm not even bothered about whether it 's happy or not - * any * kind of ending will do!And that 's before I start on those stories where I spend the entire ten pages going ` huh ? what the heck is this about ? ' . Sorry - not worth anyone 's money . Just give your cash direct to the charities!wmr - uk
 I am not a specialist in feminist theory , which is likely why this book was not for me . What I read of the essays , for graduate level college , made me come to the conclusion this book has an emphasis on getting back into `` bed '' -LRB- as one woman put it -RRB- with the likes of Freud and Lacan.One essay `` Still crazy after all these years '' seemed like a waste of time to read . I think the author was either speaking to a tiny enclave of people who also understood this minutae , or enjoyed the sounds of her own use of language more than anything else.One essay spent a great deal of time pointing out the problems of Chowdorow 's theories in relation to the better reinterpretations of Freud and Lacan . It seemed like trendy reactionary intellectualism . However , if someone is more of an expert on this please make your point known here.I 'm all for the free reign of art and creativity , do n't stop . But I must add , women look to feminists to learn things that will actually make a difference in their lives . I was hoping for something to read as a thoughtful , intelligent woman who has to face problems as a professional in a very male-dominated field.Perhaps one reason , among many , for a lack clear role models for girls today has something to do with a preponderance of obscure , intellectually incestuous bickering among feminists who pride themselves too much in intellectual ego and not enough in reaching out and addressing the reality of the lives of women and girls .
 Unless you enjoy working hard at reading novels , I do n't recommend this book . Before you start take a look at the 411 notes in the back that you will have to study -LRB- unless you know already know -RRB- to get something out of this work .
 good book , but this digital format is messed up . whoever converted this from the gutenberg project version did n't do it right .
 The description claims the Kindle edition has page numbers . I tried it on Kindle for iPad and Kindle for PC and guess what ! There are no page numbers ! I have the latest versions of Kindle on both PC and iPad !
 I bought this book for my kindle touch but it wo n't download ! I really wanted to read it because it sounded interesting . Sincerely , Your Would Have Been Customer
 Kim is a good . though dated . novel . but badly transcribed . In some places very badly transcribed .
 OK to start I was completely board through what I read of KIM . Dont be fooled most people who come on to write reviews are history majors and like anything that is historical . Let me tell you that for a normal person KIM will not be all that interesting ! I will give Kipling credit for spending much of his life in India , this is apparent in the novel where he shows a vast understanding of the culture but again if you are not a history buff this is not a book for you .
 I had heard that Kim was one of the best books of all time . Had to wait 2 months for library to acquire it.Have never been so disappointed in anything . Cults , voodoo , spells , magic , demonic activity , caste system , blasphemy , abuse , violence , superstition , humanism -LRB- worship of certain humans -RRB- , depression , ... UGH !! WHAT A WASTE OF TIME !! DO N'T BOTHER READING THIS .
 If you want to be bored , comfused , and perplexed , you should read this book . I would certainly not recommend it for teens and younger people . It 's very confusing dialect and the story has no plot at all . In fact , if you read the preface by the author , he actually says that the book is pointless . Heres what I mean . In one chapter , the chacters sat by the side of the road ALL DAY . Well good for them , but nobody wants to read 39 pages about it . Everyone that I have talked to about this book have all dispised it for it 's lack of . . well ... anything . In fact , I had to sit and force myself to read a chapter . When the author ends every word with a `` th '' it makes it very hard to understand what is going on . Many adults say that it is supposed to be a `` role model '' book . Is a 13-year-old boy who smokes and calls people horrible names a role model ? I do n't think so .
 If you are interested in Indian culture , read it . The language is so thick you have to either trudge through it to ` get it ' or skim it and miss it altogether . Very time consuming for such a short novel .
 Kim , by Rudyard Kipling , is a book that can not relate to anyone who is not connected to India today . Kim came out in the 19th century when England was in India . This book appealed to the people back home because they wanted to learn about what their relatives were experiencing down there . In our day , England is not occupying India , so there is no connection at all to India . I think that people would appreciate Kim if they lived in the 19th century , but not now in the 21st . I also think that the plot in Kim is weak . Kim is a son of two Europeans who have died ; his father was in the British army , and his mother was a nurse . He is trying to find out is true identity ; for even though his skin is brown , and he looks just like an Indian , Kim is of European blood . The book follows Kim and his llama -LRB- priest -RRB- friend as they journey across India in search of a special river the llama is determined to find . On the way , Kim is found by an English army regiment , and the army , after learning about who Kim really is , puts Kim in school . Kim eventually runs away from school , and becomes a spy for Britain . In the end , Kim and the llama find the special river , and Kim `` finds '' himself.Another drawback to people living in this day and age trying to read this book is that the book , even though very well written , is brimming with Indian words Kipling sticks in in just about every paragraph . He says , for example , '' The old street vender gave Kim a piece of bread -LRB- nan -RRB- and told him to be off . '' In reading the book , I found it very hard to read around these `` road blocks '' without getting distracted.I do not recommend this book to anyone who has never had any experiences overseas in the land of India .
 If you want to read a book where there is no plot , no action and no humor look no further than Kim . Too bad Kipling spent so many years writing this novel . Just So Stories and the Jungle Book are childhood favorites of mine , Kim just lacks that charming quality in this adult novel . Think Huck Finn meets Pip set in India with no where to go and nothing to do .
 Please ! I thought kipling was supposed to be a good author . . Until I read Kim . I can not comprehend why anyone would enjoy or have any desire to read a piece of utter -LRB- ... -RRB- like this . In the first chapter I got bored . In the second chapter my mind wandered . By the fifth chapter I was having convulsions . By the tenth chapter I was having a severe epileptic seisure and was experiencing demonic posession of some type . . Ok , well maybe it was n't that bad , but this book is a disgrace to reputable literature . If books had odors this one would be a heap of fertilizer in the hot July sun . I 've read some other Kipling books and they were decent , but this bag of cat droppings gave me mental cramps and contortions . I 'm hemorraghing here ! Help ! Save me from this -LRB- ... -RRB- ...
 this is first time i came across a book formatted so that its become unreadable .
 Kim is a great story , but this is NOT the edition to buy . It 's too bad , because it 's a handsome book , sturdily built , and with the largest text out there -LRB- which is why I bought it -RRB- . But unfortunately the text is full of misprints . Random periods , missing letters , wrong words , and a section of repeated text like a cut and paste operation gone astray . It 's a bad value , and a worse gift . Move on ...
 This one 's not properly formattedfor the KindleDo n't bother!It will drive you nutsBut do n't overlook the bookKipling is a lot more sophisticated than he looksSome have called this a mystery or thrillerI loved the intricate look at cultureand a little bonusA lama 's enlightenment
 Review for Public Domain Books edition of Kim with ASIN
 Foremost , there is utterly nothing `` early '' about Abhidhamma which didnt exist until the 3rd century C.E. , to which `` early buddhism -LRB- brahmayana Sn 5.4 -RRB- '' is nearly 700 years to the prior . This books content is about Theravada -LRB- sarvastivada -RRB- Abhidhammism , and nowhere within discusses in actuality `` early buddhism '' , for such books refer to the Nikayas , or in commentary `` Origins of Buddhism '' by GC Pande , or Nakamuras books on same . It is without saying , mind-blowing , that any book would presume to talk about `` early buddhism '' and be based entirely upon sectarian 700-years-later commentarialist dogma unrelated to the soul-affirming `` doctrine of the buddha '' -LRB- buddhasasana -RRB- . I would rate this book a negative 4 , but Amazon doesnt allow such ratings.The author completely fails to either explain much less grasp the descent -LRB- tolma , kathodos -RRB- metaphysics as embodied in the paticcasamuppada ontology which begins with the attribute of the Absolute , ie avijja/avidya ; which means not ignorance , but only in the existential narative of empirical being , however in the context of buddhist metaphysics as relates to paticcasamuppada , refers rather to the Absolute in extrinsic nature ` towards other ' ; or the principle of all Monism and Emanationism . The author here not only misses this in the extreme , but posits something entirely different and worse still , the authors conjectures are based in commentaries of the theravadins , rather than doctrine of the Nikayas which is by definition `` early buddhism '' .
 I too really enjoyed the first two books in this series and was saving this installment as one I was sure to love . But I had to skim the last 100 or so pages because I knew how it was going to turn out and the dialog was n't fun or enjoyable to me . It may be true that Randall and Emma are true to life , but they 're just not people I wanted to spend anymore time with . It 's too often that teasing is confused with bulling and I think that Randal in particular was abusive and domineering towards the end , with the excuse of he 's the cop so it 's Ok.Authority figures are tough to portray well , but authors can write characters as roll models . When there are those ideal authority figures , children can be children and that 's very dimensional and rich . For Randal to be the love interest and not be nice to Molly is just un-excusable . And for Emma to be un-parented and friend to Molly is un-healthy .
 By the end of the first chapter , I knew I was n't going to like this book as much as I liked the others in the series.Why the author felt the need to add the annoying brat Emma to this series is beyond me . If she wanted some kind of sidekick for Molly and did n't want to put Daria in the role , she should 've at least given her an adult . This 12-year-old kid tags along everywhere with Molly -- to work , to garage sales , to hang out with her friends , to solve murders . Molly tells her details of all the crimes and encourages the police to discuss their investigations in front of her because `` Emma does n't have nightmares . '' I do n't care how `` mature '' Emma is , why is n't this kid in school or hanging out with her own friends ? She does n't belong in the middle of homicide investigations or sticking her nose into the business of Molly and her friends . Having a kid like that in this series just makes me grate my teeth every time I see her name -LRB- which is on nearly every page , so you ca n't just forget about her for awhile -RRB- and kills the whole thing for me.Other than that it 's a good story , though a bit predictable and easy to figure out . But I 'm not sure why the author seemed to go the Heather Graham route in this book and haphazardly throw the words `` hell '' and `` damn '' into nearly every sentence the characters spoke . It seemed like she was trying to make them `` tougher '' or `` more mature , '' but the use was so forced that it ended up making the dialogue silly and really difficult to read.I hope that Carrie comes back in the next book and whisks Emma out of Carmel for good . The series is a lot of fun and has a lot of potential , but I 'm not sure I can keep reading it as long as this annoying brat continues to overpower it .
 I really wanted to like this book - it sounded like such a unique story . I 'm not a big paranormal expert or anything , but I got annoyed by a lot of the mistakes dealing with this subject . For example , Singh calls the character of Anjali a telepath , a psychic , and a medium . Then she refers to Coulter as both a telekenetic and a psychic . She throws these terms around , when they all mean something very different and separate -LRB- i.e. a telepath is n't necessarily a medium . Also , the act of Anjali simply imagining a door with light and pushing a spirit into that door and POOF - ghost gone ! is so incredibly simplistic . Anjali can simply clean a house after five minutes . Yeah right.The biggest irk I have , however , is the amateurish writing - centered around the plot mostly . This book contains so many cliches and overused dialogue and plot devices , it feels like a high school kid wrote this . `` Afraid of a little competition ? '' Scott says to Vivica . Sounds like dialog right out of Karate Kid or something.Singh does not give much detail in her writing , and it just creates even a more stilted plot filled with two-dimensional charactes . Most of her paragraphs average two to three sentences . Unfortnately , Singh 's actual writing ability is not very good , and the book lacks depth of any kind . Two page chapters ??? Amazing . I 've seen easy readers with more writing in it . You buy this book , you 're buying a lot of paper without many words on them . Luckily , I got this book from my local library.What I did love is Singh 's sense of humor . She 's very witty and these zingers and one liners made me chuckle . But with the characters not being developed , it seems like Singh is imposing her own thoughts to all of the characters . I bet Singh is not accustomed to writing in third-person , and all three main characters sort of share one brain . Poor writing , once again.I do n't recommend this book . Maybe Singh should stick to chick lit - shallow stuff and little plot - and writing in first person , maybe , since Singh is just not capable of making each character 's dialog and personality absolutely separate and distinc .
 Although well-written in terms of style , this book has both a weak plot and weak characters . Throughout the book , antiques dealer Molly Doyle and the police chief interact in a variety of unrealistic ways , and Doyle throughout displays few of the intellectual characteristics a real high-powered business woman would need for success . The plot is creaky and obvious and , again , the suspects act as two-dimensional figures . Argh !
 I love Dr. Laura and her frank no-nonsense advice . I really liked Stop Whining Start Living and I bought it for several of my friends who have also gotten a lot out of that book . I was excited to read this book -LRB- not because I thought my marriage needed help , but because I thought there 's nothing wrong with trying to make it even better ! -RRB- , but got discouraged and was disappointed immediately . By the time I got to the second chapter , I actually had to put it down . I do n't think she is very realistic in this book and I do n't think there can be cookie-cutter advice for everyone reading . I do n't agree with the theory that men can do no wrong , that they are simple creatures , and it is up to the women to make the relationship successful -LRB- by having more sex , cooking dinner , whatever -RRB- . I 'm not giving up on Dr. Laura and am going to start reading another one , but I was disappointed with this one .
 She has really good intentions but there were parts of the book that I found to be old fashioned thinking . That just does n't fit into my life right now . There are some good concepts and I like the Christian tie-in but I have a problem with giving your all to your spouse and HOPING to get it in return when in reality it does n't come . I did n't finish the book because that issue was n't addressed early on .
 All it is a really long rambling of what men & women like and dislike about each other and it 's really boring . I think I 'll buy the book instead !
 I 'm not in 100 % agreement with her views on certain things but she has good points . I do n't think I would recommend this to people , but it does n't hurt to read it . If this book helps the reader , that 's all that matters .
 You may recall that Laura Schlessinger stated that she would never write a book for husbands to learn how to properly care for and feed their wives because it was n't necessary . Well , I wondered , if men do n't need a book and she already wrote Proper Care and Feeding of Husbands for women , who was Proper Care and Feeding of Marriage written for ? Answer
 I do n't know who edited this book but they did a poor job . While reading it , I kept thinking that my 7th Grade English teacher would NOT approve of that sentence!It does n't help any that Dr. Laura is a bully and can be a b **** on the radio . I just find no value in brow-beating people on national radio just to make yourself look intelligent or knowledgeable.Personally , I do n't think Dr. Laura has any moral authority to speak on this subject and she obviously does not have the writing abiltiy either .
 While there are a few nuggets of ordinary wisdom in this work , mostly it 's a Jeremiad against feminism and a call to a return to `` Leave It to Beaver '' America , with Daddy sallying forth each day in quest of the bacon , and Mommy at the door , slippers in one hand and martini in the other , when he gets home.Sure , it makes sense to treasure your partner , and let her or him know it , but Schlessinger 's message of `` recovery '' from feminism is facile nostalgia.Her support for her arguments ? The `` feedback '' she gets from her radio listeners , who are hardly likely to be applying a critical ear or eye to her views.Marriage indeed needs care and feeding , but we need not go back to antiquated gender stereotypes for guidance .
 Please save your money and do not buy this drivel . Most of this book is a direct and harsh attack on feminists , and feminism in general . Guess what , Dr. Laura ? It 's 2007 , not 1957 . She has no practical or specific suggestions for improving a marriage , just general `` smile and be pretty , open your legs and do n't complain '' .
 This women is an idiot . She believes that you should say yes to your partner every time they want sex . Outside of marriage , no means no , but according to her , inside of marriage you should always do what your mate wants . Just because there is a piece of paper involved does n't mean you give up your right to say no .
 I am a stay-at-home mom who has happily given up the money and ego-gratification of a successful career to raise our son . I have never regretted this path in life , and feel incredibly lucky in my choice of husband and his support of raising our son this way . Being a mom is the greatest gift I 've ever gotten in this life , and I love being my son 's mom . I credit Laura Schlessinger with providing invaluable support to women who make this choice , and being a touchpoint for those of us who are questioned , criticized and sometimes denigrated for being `` only '' a mom and wife . I also appreciate Dr. Laura 's common sense approach to creating a happy marriage . I think most women - regardless of their career choice - have difficulty remembering what their men really need . I am grateful for Dr. Laura 's simple advice to appreciate our men , and to show that appreciation in a physical way . I am humbled when I see how blatantly and wholly my husband appreciates our physical affection for each other . Dr. Laura ca n't say often enough how important loving touch is to a marriage . That said , however , this book was a disappointment in the focus on bashing `` feminism '' rather than promoting the positives of what works for marriage . I do not call myself a feminist , but I am grateful for the feminists who came before me who worked so hard to create a society in which women have choices . Dr. Laura herself has an incredibly successful career because of the many women who came before her and laid the path . I am going to read her book about husbands , and I hope that it focuses on the positives of being a loving partner , and less on the negatives of people Dr. Laura does n't agree with .
 Decent book for those husbands who do nothing to help thier wives . Otherwise , save your money and the whole jist of the book can be summed up as follows
 Although the content is very valuable ... , the audiobook would have been MUCH more effective and better if it were read by Dr. Laura herself .
 I am going to be one of the lone voices amongst the Laura worshippers but here it goes ... This book , like Laura 's previous book , `` The Proper Care and Feeding of Husbands '' is trash . If you think that manipulating men is the way to go about being married , then this book is for you . But all I could see is Laura 's usual message ... `` Women bad , men good . `` One part of the problem with this book is the ideology of , `` Men are simple creatures . '' Most men I know are just as complex as the women I know . One should not buy into the whole gender sterotypes . Yes , there are some stoic men but there are also men out there who like to talk , who do n't just grunt and can actually tell his wife that he loves her with words and not just actions . And I know some stoic women out there . The whole gender-bias stuff is just another obstacle.Laura 's biggest crime in this book is she over-simplifies . Sorry but I do n't know too many women who refuse sex with their husbands simply because they are too lazy to get on their backs . If a man has n't had sex with his wife in weeks or months , he might want to TALK to her about to see why . For a couple not to be having sex for a long period of time might mean there is something very wrong with the marriage and that both parties might have some hand in it . I do n't think it 's fair to lay it all at the steps of the wives.Really , the whole book boils down to the sex struggle . Laura 's answer is to feed men sexually all they want , like at an all-you-can-eat buffet , and they will do anything , which is highly manipulative . But she does n't look at the whole marriage and completely discounts women 's feelings , instead blaming them for all problems in marriage because the only bad things done are done by wives and treating sex as a tool to manipulate . No relationship is that simplistic and , I am sorry to say , men do have their issues , too . Laura portrays men as whining weenies who are `` abused '' because the wife does n't have a similar sex drive . Or she 's a nag . That 's basically it . And it 's usually because the evil women have higher aspirations than being a homemaker , which is a crime in Laura 's mind -LRB- which is so laughable , since she is a career woman herself -RRB- . Because Laura refuses to see both sides of the issue and is so caught up in the gender sterotypes , it makes this book a waste of time.Pretty much , I sum this up as a book written by a female misogynist who has daddy issues . Seriously ... if you are a thinking person , do n't waste your time . If you love to hang on Laura 's every word and think she is the wisest thing since sliced bread , go ahead and waste your money .
 I am a regular listener of Dr. Laura 's radio show . I have read many of Dr. Laura 's books . A letter that I once sent to Dr. Laura even appears in one of her books -LRB- page 76 , Proper Care and Feeding of Husbands . -RRB- So please take this into consideration when I say I was disappointed in this audio book . The first hour was about surveys men and women took , and what was important to each sex . I would sum it up as women talk too much , women are almost always completely responsible for anything that goes wrong in the marriage , and that both men and women both fear rejection . IMO , this was a fast re-hash of the Proper Care and Feeding of Husbands . Save your money . Get your Dr. Laura fix by listening to her radio show -- for free . If you absolutely must buy this , I recommend you purchase it used .
 I read The Care and Feeding of Husbands a few years ago and found this book to be remarkably similar . I would say that if you have already read Husbands , you can safely skip this book . The basic theme is the same
 I think everyone reading this book should factor intothe equation that Laura believes -LRB- and has pontificatedmany times on this issue on her radio show -RRB- that it 's `` ok '' for men to rape women -- IF -- the woman allows thethe man to `` make out '' with her for a `` certain '' lengthof time . In other words , she DOES NOT respect a woman ` sright to say `` NO !!!!!! '' To put it another way , if a womanis thinking she might want to get lusty with a man , andthen starts making out with the man , Laura believes thatthe woman has given-up her right to change her mind andsay NO ! NO ! NO ! She explains that men have NO controlover their sexual urges and that if the woman `` leadsthe man on '' with foreplay , then she gives up all herrights to change her mind , because THE MAN IS AKINTO A WILD ANIMAL AND HE CA N'T EVER , EVER , EVER S-T-0-Phimself once he gets `` turned-on ! `` This is a huge insult to men and a condemnation of a woman ` sautonomy/freedom . So , be sure to remember that as you ` rereading through this book .
 For a research project on modern marriage , I read this book in a Border 's store and it made me want to puke . First , she blames all that ails marriage on `` the feminists . '' As if this was 1970 . Unfortunately , there really are n't that many true feminists left these days . No blame toward patriarchal laws , mysogynistic culture and still rampant sexism . Plus , she gets to have this high-powered career , while she seems to think that every other female should stay home and clean the house all day and fix dinner for her man , he of the fragile ego needing constant bolstering.Wake up , people . this is 2008 . This reminded me so much of that other backlash book , The Total Woman , in which it was advised for women to greet their hubbies at the door wrapped in Saran Wrap and offering a martini . This book would be hilarious if it were n't so sad .
 yuck is all I have to say about Dr. Laura ... She works outside the home but does not seem to think other women should ... what 's with that ?
 While Dr. Laura 's basic premises are common sense that can be found in any of hundreds of helpful books , everything I have read that is unique to her approach and her writing is toxic to self-esteem , destructive to respect between married people , and drenched in moralism that is out of place in an approach that should embrace love for all human beings , despite their weaknesses . This book in particular is among some of the worst of her advice , emphasizing feminine self-denial , masculine emotional avoidance , and mutual acts of submission without any thought as to the purpose of marriage beyond `` happiness . '' She cites statistics that are n't true -LRB- for instance , conveniently forgetting to mention that most women become less happy the longer they are married compared to their single friends -RRB- . The only reason this book 's average rating is so high is that most people with any serious understanding of marriage would not bother to read this book , much less review it . Hence , the positive reviews are over-representiative of people who either embraced seeds of truth in her book that were helpful to them in their present situation , or who are unaware of the potential harm that could result from following her advice seriously . And how can anyone take an anti-feminist writer seriously ? Incidentally , her PhD is in physiology , NOT in psychology , counseling , social work , sociology , or ethics.Also , it is mystifying why someone should be writing a book on healthy marriages who herself has an affinity for adultery with married men .
 My book club selected this novel , and I was very glad to see it end ! The title refers to the theme of the book -- as one character says , `` the mathematics of love defy arithmetic '' -LRB- 216 -RRB- . In other words , if a person feels physically attracted to another person , age , gender , and marital status should n't stand in the way . People who think otherwise are called `` old-fashioned '' 3 times in just 10 pages -LRB- 311 , 314 , and 320 -RRB- . So although I found some of the information about photographic processes and the author 's use of language in certain passages interesting , the disdain for and name-calling of those of us who are `` old-fashioned '' turned me off from this story very quickly .
 I was prepared to learn interesting things about food , but this book is a combination of stuff I already know -LRB- having read Fast Food Nation , Pollon 's books , etc. -RRB- plus some somewhat ramblings about restaurants that seem mostly about the author 's food experiences and preferences -LRB- not sure what the point of those chapters are -RRB- , plus some really silly stuff that makes no sense , about McDonalds and about the causes of obesity.It 's true that lots of folks have kooky ideas about food , but the author goes back and forth between condenming an idea due to a few crazy people taking it to an extreme , and praising some other idea in spite of a few crazy people taking it to an extreme . Very inconsistent , with many logical holes . And while it 's been a long time , I have eaten at McDonalds and he 's not going to convince me it 's tasty . And he 's not going to convince me that calories are unrelated to weight and that being obese is n't bad for health . OF COURSE mothers who encourage their kids to diet would generally have fatter kids than mothers who do n't encourage their kids to diet - why would any mother try to convince their skinny kid to diet ??? There were a few pages that were interesting -LRB- why chinese fast food did n't take off , for example -RRB- , but after reading Fast Food Nation there 's not much value in this book , and much to be annoyed with .
 If you looked at the promotional pieces of the book you would think it was designed to help you make proper food selections . It does n't . It is an attempted expose of the tricks of the food industry and conventional food wisdom ; however , it does not tell you very much in the way of positive advice that you could use . Whatever is generally considered good like fruits and vegetables , the author puts down . Whatever is considered bad , like greasy cheeseburgers , he says is good.The book is not well thought out and gives the feeling that he JUST WANTS TO BE CONTROVERSIAL AND ACT LIKE HE IS AN INSIDER IN THE FOOD INDUSTRY.He is willing to bias his data to do that . For example , he says that diets make kid fat because kids on diets are statistically heavier than kids not on diets . Well Duh , why do you think they are on diets if they did n't have a tendency to be too heavy.Overall the book was an attempt at muckraking and while it had information in it , it was n't information you could ever hope to use to improve your eating or make better food choices .
 Barry Glassner pulls off the unlikely feat of being the Sean Hannity of food writers -LRB- even though this is his first attempt at food writing -RRB- . After getting past a meandering argument that restraunt reviewers receive far better service than the ordinary folk , Glassner launches into his core argument that food scientists are often real smart folks working hard to give you what you want . Folks who complain about their frankenfood creations just do n't understand how hard these guys work ! In fact he recounts how he met a few himself in the course of writing the book and says they are real foodies too ! This drivel is followed by a defense of fast food in general , with snippy rebuttals generally aimed at Eric Schlosser 's Fast Food Nation . You 'll learn that criticism of fast food is really just -LRB- another -RRB- elistist/leftist attack on ordinary folk , and that fast food restaurants provide a great place for homeless people and children to relax over delicious $ 1 burgers . Less direct are Barry 's snide comments on those who like ethnic , non-chain restaurants . For some unknown reason , Glassner devotes a substantial portion of the book to belittling folks who just like to get out and try small off-beat restaurants.All in , a strange collections of views on the food industry with poorly `` cooked '' arguments . If you want to be educated about the food industry , look elsewhere .
 What I like about Glassner 's book : It 's nice to see something countering the over-the-top hand wringing about obesity/frankenfood/trans fats . -LRB- Are n't we living longer and more halthfully than ever before in human history ? -RRB- There 's an awful lot of hysteria about food that does n't seem to make sense . A food police apologist holds forth on how high fructose corn syrup is `` lethal . '' Fat , sugar , aspartame KILL ! Hyperbole much ? High fructose corn syrup might not be great for us , but it 's not lethal . Moderation is probably better than beating yourself for eating a slice of cake . Or -- gasp ! -- eating half a cake over the course of one week.What 's not to like?The book tries to cover too much ground . While I enjoyed the chapters about ethnic `` authenticity , '' I think they deflated his central argument about food , which is that you ARE N'T what you eat . You 're a creature who must eat -- and you 're a creature who will eventually die . Food is not medicine .
 The author of this book makes many false assertions , baseless comparisons and claims , and in general , wrote a book that simply does n't line up with either facts or common sense . If you really want a good book on the same topic , tryIn Defense of Food
 There are huge problems with this book . Yes its good that there are contrarian ideas that help people make educated decisions . However I walked away from this book wondering if this guy really did any research . I could have written this book basically stating that no one really knows what is making us fat , sick or ugly . He says we are getting fat because of stress . Okay that make sense , but are people really more stress now than 10 years ago ? He also does n't address the fact that there have been numerous nutritional studies done stating that we are dying of cancer and heart disease at higher rates then ever . Books like the China Study document that this is primarily due to our enormous meat intake . People in France are getting fatter everyday , so why do we go around spreading this myth around that French woman are thin ? Says who ? What I got from reading this was - eat what you want and be happy . Ok I 'm going to live on cheese doodles now . I do agree with him that there is too much emphasis on weight . He just takes it too far by saying no one knows what healthy is.There are so many holes in all of his theories , plus where is his health background ? The food industry exists to make money , which is why everyone needs to be skeptical about the labeling of their food . There are much better books on food , leave this one on the shelf .
 `` And how reliable are estimates of heart disease and eating habits in China ? Obtaining dependable information is difficult enough in our own nation of 288 million inhabitants , never mind in a country with more than four times as many people , many of whom live in rural areas with lower rates of literacy '' -LRB- Glassner 18 -RRB- . Well , Mr. Barry Glassner obviously did n't read The China Study , by T. Colin Campbell . In The Gopsel of Food , Glassner attacks many other studies on health , but for some reason he did n't attack Campbell 's work . `` Ask general questions about whether diet matters , he advised , and you 'll get platitudes in return . Force them instead to give a number - ask the percentage that diet contributes to particular diseases - and they 'll sing a different tune '' -LRB- Glassner 25 -RRB- . Perhaps he did n't talk to Mr. Campbell because he would have recieved his precious percentage , and Mr. Campbell 's tune would not have changed .
 This is an open letter to the author , Barry GlassnerYou appear to believe that the only reasonspeople limit their intake of pleasurable foods -- with fats , salt , MSG , etc. -- are for weightmaintenance , longer life , better health and other self-serving objectives . I have givenup red meat , poultry , fish , and dairy products while recognizing the loss to the pleasuresof my own taste buds , but with the greater satisfaction of being able to look myself in themirror
 if you want real science about food , not rationalizations to keep eating junk , read instead books like these : `` The China Study
 Unfortunately , this books reads rather like a gospel in that it has a few good ideas that quickly get buried under its more rambling anecdotes . The discussion on `` nonundelows '' is good , as is the deconstruction of `` the hot peppers will give you stomach cancer '' experiment . However , the book rapidly disintegrates into a largely incoherent attack on strawmen.If you are looking for a reasoned , methodological analysis of why popular conceptions on food might be wrong , this is not the book to read . Glassner cheerfully rails against isolated Harvard studies , but he does not offer a good break-down on why one might reconsider a well researched paradigm like the `` Harvard Food Pyramid . '' He extorts you to eat whatever you like , and provides a few studies that would back up reasons for doing so , but does not address the large bodies or research going to why you may or may not want to follow the Mediterranean model of eating.Glassner is quite right about there being entirely too much emphasis on what not to eat in some circles . And certainly he is correct in that the fat-free movement has been shown to grounded on false premises -LRB- by those reviled folks at Harvard , no less ... going back to their food pyramid -RRB- . His `` doctrine of naught '' is an interesting idea , but one that has been explored more effectively by far more coherent authors . Even a short book like Guiliano 's `` Why French Women Do n't Get Fat '' provides a much more informative discussion on the topic .
 There are about 2 recipes I 've used repeatedly after having this book for years now , but that 's it . Much of the book is preaching on how we need to detox and juice . This book is more on an extreme level . For day to day raw food I 'd search elsewhere .
 I have this book and another by the author and have read them both literally cover to cover . In my experience , the detox plan is terribly restrictive , making it far too easy to abandon.I work full time and am out of the house for basically 12 hours a day . I do n't have the luxury of waking up , seeing what my body `` wants '' , drinking a liter of water -LRB- heaven help me-I have to take 2 buses and a train to get to work-my legs would have to be made of iron to keep them so tightly crossed to avoid incontinence before I found a toilet -RRB- , then meditating , rebounding and farting around until my body is `` ready '' for a green juice drink . And the green juice drink , be it 16 or 30 oz. , does not keep me going until lunch time . I spent the first week of this plan constantly hungry . I generally made the huge salad with avocado dressing for lunch , adding roasted veggies , lots of cherry tomatoes and finally raw dehydrated pepitas and sunflower seeds to it along with eating a roasted sweet potato and still found myself very hungry 90 minutes later . Drinking 2 liters of water at work did not quell my hunger , either . All I could think about was when I could eat again . It became very distracting and it got annoying to be carrying a knapsack full of food to the office . Let me add that I am not coming off years of eating processed junk food and a lot of meat , either.The `` recipes '' are pretty dull and to my mind and taste buds , they tend to replicate each other quite a bit.Eating my `` main '' meal at dinner is counterintuitive , as I do not arrive home until 7 p.m. which means that I normally will not be able to eat until 7:45 or 8 p.m. . While everyone is different , I felt much better reversing the order of things and having a hearty breakfast -LRB- baked yam , green drink , quinoa , green tea -RRB- , a few fruit snacks -LRB- ruby grapefruit , a crisp apple , some organic strawberries -RRB- to have before lunch and again before leaving for the day , a large salad lunch with some cooked items -LRB- fish , roasted root veggies , roasted tomatoes , maybe some non-soy miso soup with seaweed -RRB- and then a big green drink at night . I am also lactose intolerant , so while the raw goat cheese sounds awfully nice , it is not something I can eat , though an occasional sprinkling of the lovely meltable non-soy vegan Daiya cheese does make life awfully pleasant.While I agree with Ms. Rose 's philosophy that it is better to gradually ease into raw food , I think it is important to have enough to eat during the day , and unless one is absolutely certain of a candida problem , whole fruit -LRB- as opposed to juicing citrus and very sweet fruits -RRB- should be a part of this plan.For common sense and ease , I prefer Ani Phyo 's books -LRB- she is flexible , especially in stating one can and should eat warm food if the weather is cold/inclement -RRB- , followed by Matthew Kenney 's and Matt Amsden 's if one really wants to go raw .
 I 've had great expectations for this book , but it was a delusion instead . The good part is the flexibility on the percentage of raw eating , but the combination part of the book is absurd , it does n't work in my experience , it 's unhealthy and dangerous for diabetics and people with X syndrome .
 Fruit almost always should be eliminated from adults starting the cleanse and transition to raw - often for the first two years . This woman is young and I am sure well meaning but her book is worthless . Go to Hippocrates in Florida first if you are serious about this lifestyle . They have been around longer than this young woman has been alive . Her book is a waste of money .
 Natalia 's book earns two stars because some of the information she presents is worthwhile and her writing style is clear and down-to-earth . The praise ends there.The recipes are boring and/or useless . And there is much contradiction in the book . She includes many uninspiring cooked recipes , after explaining how raw is so much more beneficial than cooked.She includes multiple recipies for fish and other flesh after she explains that when consuming flesh , we consume `` death '' and `` fear . '' If the vibration of these foods is as undersirable as she says - why include them in our diet ? Why include recipes for `` death '' and `` fear '' ? I think Natalia was trying too hard to appear approachable for the average American eater . In so doing , she seriously compromised the essence of raw.If you really want to LEARN about raw , try `` Eating for Beauty '' by David Wolf , or `` Rainbow Green Live-Food Cuisine '' by Gabriel Cousens . Both books have a wealth of information plus recipes.If you are looking for recipes , try `` Rawsome ! '' by Bridgette Mars , which also has great information.And if you are into serious raw gourmet , do n't bypass `` Raw '' by Charlie Trotter and Roxanne Klien , which is sophisticated and indulgent . Get this book if you ever feel taste-deprived eating raw.I appreciate that Natalia is attempting to soften what is perceived as an unapproachable , extreme lifestyle - but she goes too far.This might be an adequate primer for someone mildly curious about raw , or someone new to the concept of vibration , since the information is not too dense and the writing style is uncomplicated .
 After reading -LRB- and enjoying -RRB- Natalia Rose 's `` Raw Food Detox Diet , '' I was excited to order `` Raw Food Life Force Energy . '' It seemed like a great compliment to the Detox recipes , and I was looking forward to a 21 day cleanse using this book . The recipes seem fine , but the cleanse program was hard to follow , mainly due to the way the book is laid out . For instance , just to figure out what to make for lunch on Day 1 of the cleanse , I had to flip to four different sections of the book , then piece all of the information together into one meal plan . And that 's just lunch ! Frankly , I think it reflects a laziness on the part of the author -LRB- or maybe her editor -RRB- . The lack of organization gives this book a schizophrenic feel , which generates stress for the reader -LRB- which you will then have to detox from using her other book -RRB- . So , if you 're interested in the cleansing portion of her lifestyle , go with the Detox book . If you 're just looking for some easy raw recipes , then you might enjoy this one .
 I rarely pick up a book to read about which I would be ` topically inclined ' agree with , but on having finished it wanted to put it in the trash . It is not that I do n't think Coulter and her ilk are reprehensible in how they conduct their ` business ' , but rather the delivery of the goods here by Estrich was uninspired and boring . Too many ` pundits ' are long on emotion and short on logic -- and that is very appealing to those that want to ` feel good ' about their value positions -LRB- religion , politics , ethics -RRB- . And appealing to the emotions is the best way to circumvent the tedium of laying out a case and arguing it effectively.I 'm not saying that Estrich did not lay out a case and argue it effectively . She did -- but it felt like tedium -- and I was left wanting a little more cogency on the larger issue that the book portends to tackle . Perhaps Estrich 's delivery is why why people are more apt to listen to -LRB- and enjoy doing so -RRB- `` the goofballs '' than those who -LRB- such as Estrich -RRB- tediously present a case to us . It felt more like a nice girl yelling nanny , nanny boo-boos along with other personalization -LRB- which I found distracting and of little value -RRB- the combination of which I found reduced this book to reading at a grade level that I left long ago . As I write this , I believe that one of the reasons that `` I do n't hate it '' is because Estrich gives us a laundry list of the -LRB- oft-time goofy -RRB- opinions by the right that are stated as fact . Also , I believe that one of the reasons that `` I do n't like it '' is because it is presented in a way that is too simplistic . And perhaps that might be what was needed for the intended audience .
 Coulter may rub some as `` rough around the edges '' but she is clearly intelligent and well informed ... unlike most liberals . I found this book by Estrich at my local Goodwill store and thought , what the hell , 50 for a good laugh and who knows , maybe she 'll surprise me and make an attempt to argue her views using facts , evidence and logic . Not so much . It seems the left is not capable of articulating their points without resorting to juvenile and ridiculous personal attacks towards members of the right . Btw ... is n't excusing and justifying horrendous acts by a minority also racist ? It seems the left thinks blacks -LRB- particularly -RRB- and hispanics may be incapable of anything honest or extraordinary and so they must pamper and pacify them ?? In my estimation , the left seems content to gloss over , distort , deceive , omit , and misrepresent anyone who does n't fall in line with their philosophy . Which , in my opinion , shows them completely intellectually inferior and insulting . Estrich 's work is everything I expected from a self-described liberal . . shallow , grasping , FULLY distorted and frankly , extremely boring and unchallenging . When I happen upon her kind while browsing the thrift store selections I ca n't help but occasionally pick it up ... just to ensure myself that I 'm still on the `` right '' side .
 This book would be better titled `` Susan Estrich
 I will not pretend to have done more than scan this book and its blurbs , but the recent publishing phenomenon of pundits penning book-length attacks on other pundits bespeaks a badly shopworn political culture . Estrich 's is one of three new books on the subject of Ann Coulter , and they all appear to have a similar motivation -- envy and the desire to cash in . The usually liberal New York Times has now panned all three of them in an omnibus review . It is not a de facto vindication of Coulter , of course . Nonetheless Coulter has the virtues of scathing wit , a great deal of at least secondary research in support of her themes and -LRB- not least -RRB- the honest admission that she is a polemicist . Susan Estrich certainly ranks no higher as a public intellectual . These women were both distinguished law students with impressive hitches in Ivy League universities -- but she has hereby abjured any prior claim to the high tone she adopted as a political analyst on her FoxNews appearances . Yes , she has probably appeared there as many times as Coulter , and has rarely if ever been shouted down . If nothing else , this screed and its two cartoon-like clones are somewhat tardy . Ann Coulter 's fame is already on the descendant as she has grown shriller and less relevant.Two stars to indicate a volume that is worth a look , if not word-by-word reading . The subject matter simply does not deserve it . Let these two women fight their own battles . They know each other quite well .
 This democrat apologist has no credentials compared to Ann Coulter . She does n't understand politics at all -- remember her reliance on exit polling in the last national election and she got it all wrong . Her sarcastic tone is n't enlightening , is n't clever , it 's just hateful , whereas Ann 's sarcasm is backed up by facts , citations , statistics , and well reasoned argument . Susan Estrich wishes she were as influential as Ann Coulter , but lady , it 's not going to happen -- you 're a loser , face it . And you started the personal attacks , so back they come - your ideas stink , you stink , and you represent what 's wrong with democrats -- whiners and losers taking credit for the creativity of others .
 I 'm not going to bag on Susan Estrich for dressing up to try and look like Ann Coulter or take nasty shots at her for doing something like this book , but I will mention the one thing that she does n't have
 Just whine and complain about the other side.No original ideas at all ... no solutions . Just copy/mock . How pathetic.Even more pathetic is the sheeple that will fall into lockstep .
 She can not handle a different point of view.Go back to Harvard where you ca n't be fired no matter how pathetic your book is.Waste of ink and good trees .
 Unfortunately , Susan Estrich has fallen into the trap of so many on the political extremes -LRB- left or right -RRB- . She argues and assumes that the politics of hate are the result of the ` other ' side . There was a great opportunity to highlight all those responsible for the coursening of our political process , but Ms Estrich missed that opportunity . In stead she chose to write a book about one of the villians , completely ignoring the left 's -LRB- and other right wing commentators ' -RRB- continued continued emotional screeching.But , she chose her target well - it will sell books .
 Estrich must have never had an original thought of her own . Mirroring Coulter 's style , she displays a lack of creativity and intelligence that is becoming so pervasive in liberal circles . Where Coulter 's book excels in documenting her assertions -LRB- okay in an inflammatory manner -RRB- Estrich never comes close to the detail or logic that Coulter does.Another example of a liberal , who preaches tolerance and acceptance , being completely intolerant and unaccepting of another 's views , to the point that she has to pen a book identical to another in order to attempt to make a point . She fails miserably . Do n't waste your money even if you subscribe to a liberal ideaology .
 I started reading this book late at night , with a steady hand , and an open mind . I bought the book originally after a liberal friend of mine strongly suggested that it was a waste of time and money -LRB- He only bought it because of the hot picture of Susan on the cover in a tight black dress -RRB- . I started on chapter one around 11:00 PM , and to my surprise , I found that I was dozing off after each paragraph -LRB- which is a record for me since Al Franken actually had me dozing off every two pages or so -RRB- . Susan is a really nice lady . She seems bent on not offending practically everyone you can think of , and not least of which Ann Coulter . By the end of the first chapter , I had my girlfriend dress in a clonish tight black dress , and forced her at gun point to smoke a carton of Pall Mall nonfilter cigarettes . By the end of the carton , she almost sounded as irritating as Susan , but she still could n't seem to get the whole over dramatized -LRB- Where the hell am I ? -RRB- cadence thing going on.By mid chapter two , I was doing double shots of tequila with Bacardi 151 backers , while simultaneously listening to nine inch nails scratching across a blackboard at full volume in my stereo headphones ... But still could n't seem to erase Susan 's voice echoing from the farthest darkest corners of my admittedly liquor imbibed brain . Late that same night , I woke up in a cold sweat , after dreaming of her singing the national anthem over a loud speaker at a game where both teams lost . I have n't been able to sleep since.I would recommend this book to anyone who has a deep dark secret in their past , that gnaws away at them like a hyena in a rusty old bear trap . If but for that one moment , you could escape the constant drone of screaming lambs in a Pakistani slaughter house ... This book could well bring you some relief ... in a sort of cut off your toe to stop a throbbing headache sense . For those who need stronger medicine ... Perhaps google and a patient search will bring up an abridged audio copy with Susan herself narrating in harmonious sync with Helen Thomas panned far left -LRB- in a matching tight black dress -RRB- , for a chilling outer limits effect .
 Seems rather silly to mock Coulter the way she does with the same cover , visuals , etc.Afterall , is n't she in a backhanded way endorsing Coulter to her fans?What 's more , I do n't see people lining up out there to immitate Estrich.Not very smart from a liberal stand point.If you hate Coulter , then this will give you a few giggles . If you love Coulter , then immitation is the sincerest form of flattery and the left just legitimized her again .
 Having read both books , I got ta wonder why Susan bothered ... she came to the match late , copying Coulter every step , even the cover and resorts to the antics she accuses Coulter of , but just does n't do it as well . Coulter offers an entertainment option with some points with solid information ... sorry Estrich fans , but , if you really dig into what the two ladies have to say , Susan is disappointing . I had hoped for something better than a copy cat trying to make money by clawing at Coulter . Estrich has to have some of her own brains , given prior accomplishments , and it 'd be great to hear some solid work from her , something backed by solid facts , not her version of how she 'd like others to see it . This work is a gimmick meant for making Susan some fast cash and not worth your time .
 Estrich is n't a great writer , but seems like she 's astute enough to recognize a marketable book idea when it comes along . Coulter 's divisive , dishonest , mean-spirited political hate-speech does n't deserve as much attention as she gets here , or anywhere else . The best parts of the book are when Estrich talks about the issues , like the politicization of sexual harassment and rape , which she approaches from the perspective of an experienced lawyer .
 I 'll admit that I 'm not a fan of Anne Coulter , but Susan is not exactly a great alternative either . I did n't finish this book , but I tried reading one of Anne 's books and I did n't finish that one either . In the last year I have become cynical of politics in general . Right-Wing and Left-Wing pundits are too focused on annihilating each other . And the battle seems to continue with this book to it 's predictable counter arguments and smearing of Anne Coulter , not based on her politics as much as personal attacks . Which is basically what politics is . You can skip this and basically watch the pundits slug it out on cable news networks . Save your money .
 Estrich is as shrill and clueless as she purports Coulter to be.The rah rah pom pom gal for the left is n't factually fit enough to clean the keyboard for Coulter.This is a poor attempt at satire , at best and even more poor attempt at taking Coulter to task for telling the truth about the left and the drive by media 's left leaning bias.Jealousy , thy name is Estrich .
 Susan is a very interesting person to watch on TV . Like a moth to a flame I am attracted to her when she pontificates on the small screen . While I often -LRB- ok , almost always -RRB- disagree with her , she makes the most mundane lie she makes sound almost plausible . -LRB- That is until you fact-check her . -RRB- I look forward to many more years of seeing good old Sue on the air if for no other reason than to reassure me that I have made the right decision to be a Republican.That said , Sue -LRB- may I call you Sue ? No ? Too bad . -RRB- ought to confine her observations and critiques to the airwaves . He sophomoric attempt to `` rebut '' -LRB- if that was her intention -RRB- `` Godless '' became a muck-fest . Anyone who has that much bile and hatred for another person really ought to be concerned that Ann does not have a restraining order preferred against Sue.But , the book did have one saving grace.It proved all along all that Ann is right about all she says about liberals .
 Considering the title , I figured I should read . More left wing twisted views , more Christian bashing . A true book filled with hate and denial . If you were to replace the word Christian in more than half the content with the name of any other group you 'd be guilty of a hate crime.You would also think from a woman of such high education she would know what the true meaning of church and state . The liberals try to keep freedom of speech from Christians by claiming church and state . The suggestion was to keep the Government out of the church . A church is a belief system , which is where the Colter book points to Liberals.Why do Liberals get to speak their mind and Christians can not . Sorry Susan , wrong is wrong , Christian liberal or Atheist . Please stop with your hate filled speech and stop blaming the Christians for noticing it 's wrong to sexually assault someone , it 's wrong to prejudge someone and fire them for their beliefs , it 's wrong to suppress free speech and it 's wrong to obstruct justice . Please stop defending Bill Clinton by saying Christians should shut up . Stop your hate.If you get this book please keep an airsickness bag near
 The book and cover are like the author-ugly and untruthful . Maybe all the stars from Air America will buy a copy ...
 Now there 's a stomach-wrenching experience for you -- Susan Estrich trying to look like Ann Coulter . Actually it does n't even look like Susan Estrich , since her humungous mouth is closed which is never the case when Ms. Estrich is seen on TV . Clever try , Susan , but it 's unlikely it will put your book anywhere near Ann 's in sales figures .
 The fact that Estrich actually went through with this delusional book cover tells me that Susan has no friends . I mean come on , did n't anyone tell her that maybe imitating a hot babe like Ann Coulter would make her look ridiculous by comparison ? This picture is like being forced to look at an 80 year-old woman who 's on the beach in a bikini . It 's embarassing to look at . If Susan has any friends they should be ashamed of themselves for letting her do this to herself . Because this is FUGLY .
 another `` let 's put down the right by mocking their books '' book . Does n't the death of airhead america tell you remaining lefties anything ?
 Wow Susan you are # 20,505 on Amazon . Really impressive . Well done.that says it all . Get a life . And you wonder why you guys ca n't get over 50 % of the vote ? Your atheistic hate filled world veiw aint sellin Susan .
 Although I was n't too pleased to see this book published , I read it while trying my best to be as unbiased as possible . After pondering it and weighing it against Miss Ann 's offering , all I can say is this : Someone who makes a parody of a parody is not going to great lengths to convince me they attended Harvard.I think it 's ironic that the author entitled the book `` Soulless '' as Estrich has some of the most skewed views on God and religion in general .
 I saw this book in the library and at first I thought it was a new book by Ann Coulter . My brain was saying , `` Ann Coulter '' , but my eyes were seeing this horrible gargoyle on the cover.It was like one of those horror films where the beautiful woman the guy is kissing turns into an alien creature with scales.I felt so violated that I considered filling a police report.I skimmed the first two chapters and found a lot of opinionated ` Coulter-Bashing ' . I think it should be illegal for troglodyte woman to dress up and have their picture taken .
 I picked up this book , intrigued by what I thought would be a point by point refutation . Instead it was the tired pat answers liberals always give as a response - if you 're not a liberal , you 're a sexist , bigoted , racist , homophobe and maybe a capitalist . Susan picks up each topic Ann Coulter does and attempts to refute it -LRB- although with varying intesity -RRB- . Instead of refuting it she just muddles the issue . For example , when bringing up the Willie Horten Issue during the Dukakis campaign . Ann points out the issue exactly the way it happens . The PAC ad was the one using Horton Photo , the Bush ad never mentions Horton , the PAC Ad lasted one day , etc. . . Susan comes back and goes right to `` yeah Willie Horton was released on furlough after murdering a gas station attendant and then raped a woman in front of her fiance , but the ad was racist . '' Excuse me the issue is still that Dukakis furloughed a man who was sentenced to LIFE IMPRISONMENT WITHOUT POSSIBILITY OF PAROLE . Susan ca n't talk about the failure of Dukakis to exercise common sense , she has to go right to racebaiting.The same strategy is used throughout the book . Susan always falls back on , `` Ann is saying ` this ' but we know that she is a bigoted , sexist , racist , homophobe and should be dismissed . ''
 Coulter has brought syllogism to an art form . It is sad that Estrich misses the subtlety of much of Coulter 's style . Perhaps Estrich does not know the meaning of syllogism . Estrich has indeed put herself in the mold of Al Franken . Her sophomoric book is purely a reaction to Ann Coulter . Estrich like many of Coulter 's detractor 's constantly take her out of context and misquote her . I am surprised that Estrich would be this shallow .
 Susan generally has a lot of intelligent things to say about her perspective , which is certainly left of center . Why she decided to write a book dedicated to counter-punching Ann Coulter is beyond me . I think that she actually lends credibility to the cynical far-right by trying to `` refute '' what are , in most cases , simplistic arguments made to simply to stir emotions . Arguments from Ann Coulter and Sean Hannity are not worthy of counter-argument , because they are not trying to engage in serious conversation or debate.Unfortunately , our political discourse has narrowed down to this kind of thoughtless back and forth banter and it frustrates me that Ms. Estrich has not spent her time on a more academically-minded book . In this country , we are persuaded by one-minute sound bites that both Susan and Ann are forced to make on TV news channels . The news media feeds this garbage to us , and we accept it because it is entertaining.Plato must be rolling in his grave when we assign the name `` debates '' to those staged performances by political stiffs who give canned answers to tough questions from YouTube . We seem to like McPolitics along with our fries , along with feeling satisfied because we saved a dollar buying all of the cheap plastic junk that we get at such a bargain from Home Depot and Wal-Mart . Cheap , quick , and thoughtless is our new America.This book , and the material it attacks , takes us further away from real solutions to our challenges . It is McPolitics as usual .
 I consider myself pretty liberal and find some of the other reviews just plane hateful and name calling . However for myself I have just finished both books and I must say I had a great respect for Susan Estrich but now have none .
 Soulless is a personal attack on Ann Coulter , The cover shows how un-original liberals are , it 's supposed to be her dressed as Ann . It looks more like a cross between Ann and Meatloaf.If you ca n't beat 'em , join 'em . That 's apparently the mantra of liberal authors who ca n't stop Ann Coulter 's popularity on TV and in the book world.Ann Coulter is brutally honest . At times honesty proves to be most unkind . But that 's just the way it is . Sometimes Ann Coulter treats the liberal left as they have treated her , and they do n't like it . But I ca n't recall anytime where she was hateful as Estrich has been.As far as her detractors calling her brainless , well , just consider the ignorance of thesource.Susan Estrich 's Dumb Ann Coulter Attacks are `` WITLESS ''
 Why would anyone spend money for this book ? It is just more whining . Susan needs to get her own material and stop trying to be an imitation of someone else . Is n't Susan happy in her own skin and with her own looks?Ann has the facts on her side . Susan represents the party that is quite happy taking scissors and sticking them in the back of the neck of a partially born baby whom they want to kill . Need I say more about who is `` Soulless and Godless '' ? Do n't waste your time and money with this book .
 One always feels complimented when they are copied . But when you go so far as to make the cover of your book look like Ann Coulter 's , that 's a bit much . Susan is frustrated that she ca n't quite make it with Ann who has a razor-sharp mind , can debate anyone and win and have several best sellers . It 's obvious that Ann is younger , far more attractive and always presents herself well on TV . Who would n't like to look like her ? On the other hand , Susan looks spent , aged and has a voice like people who smoke and drink too much . She also gets dramatic and cutsie when answering questions during interviews . Anchors have a hard time cutting her off . Unfortunately , at her advanced age , she should do what she knows best and not try these tricks of trying to look like someone else . Al Franken did this to Bill O'Reilly and also tried to do a radio program like his and has fallen on his face . Originality and credibility are what smart readers are looking for . Copying is close to plagerism . One thing I found refreshing was Carley Fiorina wrote her own book , Tough Choices now in bookstores . How many famous people actually write their own book ? Hillary had two authors doing her work for her . Most biographies are bragging about themselves . The best I 've read recently was Thomas Sowell 's A Personal Odyssey and it was simply the best . This should have 10 stars . I may re-read this at a later date as it is inspirational .
 Wow , it 's hard to know who 's more of a fact-lite demagogue media whore . Now that we know the left has one to claim for their own , the world can rest easy . I 've read this and Coulter 's book . Why anyone should bother paying to view a high-priced cat fight is unclear . Of course , now that Judith Regan is out of a job , perhaps these one-off books will no longer be published , and both hags can go back to dissecting the news in either the LA Times or Fox News , whichever the case may be.Rest easy , moderate America . Gamera and Mothra will hopefully destroy each other soon . Let 's hope they do n't obliterate our country in the process .
 Simply more of Susan Estrich 's typical left wing non-sense . This just shows that the pundits , as well as their Democratic masters have n't got even the slightest bit of grounding in reality and are definitely out of touch with most Americans . Ann Coulter , in all the books and articles she has written , has never once had to retract a single fact due to inaccuracy . She does here research and does it well . Miss Estrich will be retracting this dribble for a long time to come . That is , if there is any honesty left in her .
 One of her `` people '' should have talked Ms. Estrich out of the `` Ann Coulter mocking cover idea '' ... . But the typical crowd around `` intellectual liberals '' are sycophantic .
 Estrich is far from unbiased and makes an attempt to come off as such . She 's in the hip pocket of the Liberals and is exactaly what her book claims Coulter and her fans are . A friend forced me to reed this claiming it would forever change my views . Quite the opposite.Ann Coulter wrote her book standing up for conservatives and Christians since people like Estrich is out there trying to say the liberal way a good person would think . Everything else is wrong . She now comes out with phony outrage and tries to claim that the conservatives are the ones who have been attacking . Fact is Bill Clinton did do monumentally fould and dangerous things to this country.When Clinton was in office Estrich defended everything he did . We had 8 terrorist attacks under Clinton and she felt it was appauling to speek so negatively about a seeted president . What a double standard.Now with this book she shows phoney moral outrage and copies Coulter trying to reverse the flow.If you can , borrow this book , do n't waste your money . reed it if you plan to argue with someone though . It is full of flawed logic and total bull . It will make your arguing easy . Libs hate facts .
 Reading Godless is like turning on a light in a darkened room . The truth is right there in all of its well documented and researched glory . Then there is Soulless , that book from a evil alternate universe , where truth and research are mearly buzz words use by the Right to confuse the Left.I must say that the most interesting part of Soulless is the book cover which proves that there is no limit to a person 's self-loathing . I read all of the reviews posted for this book and could not for the life of me understand how so many people wrote 5-star reviews - until it dawned on me that Estrich is a teacher -LRB- sometimes that word just does n't seem to fit , does it . -RRB- How do you spell `` Extra Credit Homework '' . My recommendation
 First of all , she does n't look this good at all . She is definitely airbrushed -LRB- ALOT !!!! -RRB-
 For March , our reader 's group decided to choose two books that are somewhat similar in theme/setting , and then compare/contrast the two . Since most of us have an interest in antiques , and because we decided we wanted to try some newer writers , we selected two mysteries set in antique circles.Flinn 's heroine , Mollie Doyle , is also a transplant who has moved to Carmel , California . Doyle was previously involved in a different murder investigation - and this being a series , she gets embroiled in a murder again , this time of a fellow antiques dealer . This book is mostly of the cozy variety , but what spices things up is the appearance of Doyle 's sister , a bit of a loon who basically abandons her child with Mollie . The child , Emma , is very likable!Flinn does a very nice job with setting . The town of Carmel , California is very well evoked - and made us East Coasters engage in a bit of `` California Dreaming on such a winter 's day '' of March.The mystery proceeds apace , and the resolution is mostly satisfying , despite the need to suspend disbelief in a very strong way at several times in the book . All told , we found Tagged for Murder to be occasionally amusing but occasionally forced , but would still recommend it for good , escapist fun .
 While Canon writes in a very engaging style , you ca n't go from one chapter to the next without some direct or indirect reference to sex
 This book should have been titled Yada Yada . If all the repeat and filler dialog were taken out , it would be a long short story . Once the desaparecidos were mentioned , it was pretty clear what the plot was . It 's been used a gazillion times . Then the reader has to sit around for the last half of the book while the characters talk and talk and talk .
 This was the first Grippando book that I have read , so Swyteck was a new character for me . This was a free read in three parts from the kindle store , but I waited for all three parts to be available before I started reading . I did not want to risk being left hanging.From the book description , I though that this book would have a more legal or sleuthing edge to it , but it was more of a thriller suspense read . However , there were not enough nuggets given to uncover the mystery during the first two thirds of the book . Because of this , the events from the first part of the book , although they involved the same players , just seemed like random events . The last third of the book , then , had an overload of information finally linking all of the earlier events together . When the last `` thrilling '' event finally ends , the book should have ended there . Instead there are about four more chapters extending the story out more than it needed to be.The book was well written otherwise , and there were interesting parts in the book . Perhaps I would have enjoyed this more if I had read other books in the series . I can not tell . After having read this one , though , I have no plans to read any of the others.Note
 Although written in a catchy prose , and having rhythm , the utter lack of interest of the storyline spoils this book.At most , it looks like a bad episode of `` CSI Miami '' . All the resources of an action paperback are explored by Mr. Grippando
 This book was highly recommended by a fellow magician friend of mine . But as I read it I kept thinking it was not for me . The recommendations were often ridiculous . I can see that they worked for him , and perhaps a select few , but I think many other books would prove to be a better tool for public speaking.Ex . He suggests slipping a coin into a loose pocket of scores of people you meet so you get used to breaking the bubble . I can see that working for a close up magician , but fail to see the relevance to most people.I look forward to rapidly reading the rest of the book so I can give it away and forget about it .
 Bette Ford , please do us serious and in-depth readers a huge favor ... STOP WRITING BOOKS , until you have learned and perfected your craft.To say this book was `` stupid '' is an understatement.Characters underdeveloped , corny and dry dialogue , not enough imagery ... I could go on for hours , but I 'M not into boring people like the author did when she wrote this dumb story .
 Did you know humans only use 10 % of their brains ? If you unlock the other 90 % you 'll have telepathy and other psychic powers and be able to see angels . No , that is not a quote from this book , but it is on par with the level of theology and psychology it presents . It takes pop psychology answers , weaves them into a pseudo-biblical framework of evangelical religiosity to lend them legitimacy and creates a work that is just conniving enough to be dangerous . Did you know Jesus had eight rules to reduce stress ? They 're not listed in the Bible but we can find biblical examples -LRB- taken out of context -RRB- of some random list of eight rules we found on the internet and voil&agrave; , we have Rick Warren 's biblically ordained rules to reduce stress . Want to know how to defeat depression ? Turns out it 's just `` faulty thinking '' ... not repressed feelings -LRB- feelings lie it turns out -RRB- , and certainly a chemical imbalance like all those scientists try to tell you . Want to know how to do math ? Well , do n't look here . Did you know that we can all be above average ? And did you know that when you 're successful or control a large territory then your enemies -LRB- read
 In the second sentence of the book appears the phrase `` a fourth kind of photo-receptor cell , called roads -LSB- sic -RSB- `` Hmmm ... I wonder how much time I 'd spend bogged down in typographical errors if I actually shelled out money for this book . -LRB- The text does go on to use the correct term `` rods '' in the next paragraph . -RRB-
 While the idea of writing an overview of how Mary Queen of Scots has been portrayed over the centuries is a good one , Jayne Lewis is simply not up to the task . For one thing , she seems to have only a superficial knowledge about Mary herself , which lends a shallowness to Lewis ' interpretations . For another , her style is extremely dry and overly analytical . At times , she sounds so laughably like the stereotype of the `` Ivory tower '' pompous professor , that the book begins to read like parody.Worst of all are a number of unforgivably egregious historical errors she makes , which , again , just shows her unfamiliarity with her subject . For instance , she includes several unflattering quotes about Mary that Lewis attributes to Sir James Melville 's `` Memoirs . '' These quotes actually come from `` Master Randolph 's Fantasy , '' a libellous ballad about Mary that was circulated by her Protestant enemies in 1565 . In discussing Hugh Campbell 's 1825 book , which prints several letters -LRB- not to be confused with the famous `` Casket Letters , '' -RRB- supposedly written by Mary to Bothwell , Lewis says Campbell himself forged those letters . Since Campbell was merely reprinting letters from a pamphlet that was published in 1725 -LRB- one of the letters was originally printed in the 16th century memoirs of Brantome , -RRB- Campbell obviously was not the one who wrote them . Such obvious mistakes make it hard to take anything Lewis says very seriously . -LRB- Speaking of the `` Casket Letters , '' Lewis gives the impression that these , too , have been proved to be forgeries -- which is very far from the truth . -RRB- In short , the idea of the book was a good one , but it was wasted in the hands of a bad writer .
 This is a very painful book to read . The concept is excellent , but the author 's writing style goes beyond academic . It is pompous , arrogant and , ultimately , laughable . Often I have read a sentence in her book only to think
 Not sure if it was me or the book . But something did n't fit.I found a bunch of really neat movies pertaining to this topic instead .
 This work is a compilation of articles in the philosophy of mathematics geared towards professional philosophers . I will not review the content but will instead assume that you are a philosopher who needs this book for scholarly reasons . The only real question I will address is whether to buy the print version of the book or the Kindle version.The beauty of the Kindle edition is that it is readily available -- if you choose to buy it , it will appear on your Kindle within a minute , and you 'll quickly be reading the articles . The purchase also wo n't take up any more space on your bookshelf , which is a plus if your bookshelves are full . Also , wherever you take your Kindle , your copy of _ Proof and Knowledge in Mathematics _ will be with you.Almost everything else about buying the Kindle edition is a drag . It seems obvious that no one has bothered to do some simple spell checking of the work . Hilbert 's name is spelled `` Hubert '' in places ; expect lots of misspellings -LRB- even of the authors ' names ! -RRB- , especially when it comes to proper names . I should track down a hardcopy of the book to see if there are any diagrams ; the Kindle is not always great at preserving diagrams . For as much money as the publisher is charging for the Kindle edition of the book , you would expect that more effort would have gone into ensuring the accuracy of the translation from hardcover to Kindle . If someone actually does bother to correct the errors in translation , I hope my copy will eventually get an update -LRB- AHEM ! -RRB- . If you 're a scholar , you 'll need to be able to cite the page numbers whenever you need to quote an author . That 's not possible with the Kindle as yet ; it wo n't provide you with any information about page numbers . It also is n't as easy as it should be to go back and forth between footnotes and main text.In short , if you need this book for scholarly purposes -LRB- which you probably do if you 're reading this -RRB- , you will ultimately end up having to find a hardcover copy anyhow either from the library or from another seller . You will really be paying for the ability to read the articles immediately without a trip to the library . Given the current price of the book -LRB- as of March 2009 -RRB- , it 's probably not worth it .
 This is a collection of quoted writings by Lenin and his contemporaries . The author does give a paragraph summary here and there , but this is not useful for study of the Soviet Union . I want my 30 bucks back .
 To begin with , if you tend on the masochistic side this book will definately serve ya well . No , not because of the subject matter , absolutely not . The fact that the probabilities we 're heading into extinction are increasing daily is undeniable unless you 've turned your brain off and that I 'd be willing to believe after having lived 37 years and watched my fellow humans go on about their affairs they way they do.No , that would not be why this book is actually a torture . After you 're done with the first half of the book you might feel a little tired if not somewhat numb . You 'll just be done with going over various disasters that are threatening us , most of which are self-caused
 Leslie may claim to be a philosopher , but he is an apocolist . He tediously rehashes almost every major thinkers thoughts and ideas concerning the mass destruction of the human race , brushing over many vital subjects , and subjecting the reader to in-depth analysis and over analysis of higholy improbable and highly theoretical situations whihc may or may not ever occurr . Not to mention that he takes as absolute a highly unregarded theory of ones place in time as being critical to how close one is to being in that population which is to be extincted . The title is highly misleading . Borrow it from the library and skim heavily , not too many salient points . For true enlightenment search the bibliography and pull up the origianl works and just cross reference them . This is nothing more than a compilation of other people 's thoughts , with rarely one of Leslie 's own .
 So not worth the price . Well written , but the Kindle edition is a poorly scanned image with only rudimentary navigation . I returned it .
 It was the book I need , but the seller took 3 weeks to ship !!! i had to buy another one locally because I needed it for class .
 The Kindle Edition of Naughton 's Czech , an Essential Grammar is useless . Despite multiple downloads and discussions with Kindle customer service , the book downloads to the Kindle without many accents and diacritical marks on the letters -- for example , throughout the entire book , `` R '' with hook/hacek -- has no hacek . Same for `` r '' -- no hook/hacek . The same holds true for other letters with hooks/haceks . Thus , THE BOOK IS USELESS IN ITS CURRENT FORMAT . Without the accents and hooks/hacky , one can not learn the language . I speak Czech and can see that all the accents are missing , but a non-speaker or learner of the Czech language would not know this , and thus would learn many , many words completely incorrectly . THE PUBLISHERS NEED TO CORRECT THE KINDLE VERSION OF THIS BOOK .
 This is an excellent book on Czech grammar . Unfortunately the Kindle edition is missing many of the diacritic marks . For a language book this is unacceptable . Do NOT buy the kindle edition until the problem is fixed . Check the previews of the Kindle and paper edition previews for the Czech spellings of the word `` Czech '' . The leading `` C '' should have a diacritic mark . An early instance of the problem occurs in the table of contents . The entry for section 2.4 lacks a diacritic on the leading `` E '' . If you did purchase the Kindle Edition and then discovered this you can return it for a short time .
 Upon reading and studying this guide , I wholly expected that it would provide me with knowledge and confidence in presentations . I was unfortunate enough to encounter Dr. Walters as a professor AFTER reading this title , and am appalled at his lecturing skills . One would think that he would take a few hints/pointers from his own text and apply them to his lecturing .
 Restall presents an awkward introduction to formal logic . Explanations are convoluted and a chore to disseminate from the text . The book features several errors in both the main text and exercises which can only do harm to the reader . Explanations come across as muddled intertwined with a very casual and imprecise literary style . If you are looking for a straight forward and clear introduction to propositional and first order logic , look elsewhere .
 This book is very concise and efficient introduction to Logic . I would highly recommend for boginners of logic . But Kindle edition has critical flaws in formatting . especially tables and boxes .
 I first bought the kindle edition of this book for a class I have this semester . I ended up buying the paperback due to formating issues on some symbols -LRB- such as the symbol for inference -RRB- . This makes the book basically unusable on kindle , especially for a student since guessing at which symbol ought to be in the missing place is probably not wise .
 Full Disclosure
 The book is a good reference . Unfortunately , the book is listed on Amazon as a hard cover and another listing is for soft cover . When you order the hardcover for $ 29.98 -LRB- instead of the softcover for $ 2 less -RRB- they send you the softcover . When you speak to the Amazon customer service in India they tell you to return it and they will send you the hardcover . You do , and you still receive the saem softcover . Instead of sending you the correct product or trying to fix their own listing they just let things ride . The book is worth 4 Stars , but becuase of the way Amazon markets it I must pt 1 Star to warn the buyer what type of problems they may encounter with the purchase .
 The book covers basic truth-functional logic and first-order logic as well as a introduction to some of the more hairy theorems like G&ouml;dels and Fermats . However it seems clear to me that it is intended primarily as a source to provide a theorethical understanding , rather than a tool to solve logic problems . That 's probably all well and good for some , but for me -LRB- and the rest of my class at the Roskilde University Center , Denmark -RRB- who first of all wanted to `` get the technique down '' , it proved to be somewhat lacking . Often I found myself browsing back and forth to find this or that rule , since the book does very little to provide summaries and overviews of the basic syntax and rules of its subject -LRB- s -RRB- . In short , bad balance between explanations -LRB- text -RRB- and actual technique -LRB- tables and overviews covering syntax and rules -RRB- for a book claiming to be a introduction to logic.Oh , and seriously lacking in the hardest department of logic
 Over 20 years ago I served on the working board of a project on Mexican Americans sponsored by a big metropolitan library . Among the things I did was suggest titles for their Chicano collection . One day our link librarian spoke of a `` new exciting book '' -LRB- Hunger of Memory -RRB- . I purchased it . I am a Cuban who immersed herself in Mexican American culture and literature , both as an educator and a journalist . I hated the book . How dare this character look down on his roots , his language at a time when great people from his ethnic background were instilling pride in their communities . Hinojosa , Anaya , Oscar Zeta Acosta , Tomas Rivera , to name a few.To put it in perspective , this book came out after ROOTS , a book that made ethnicity popular and acceptable . Rodriguez , a product of affirmative action decries the policy that opened new doors for him . He hates what he sees in the mirror . He comments that when he walks into a London hotel people should assume that his dark skin is not a racial trait , but the result of skiing in the Alps . As an old woman , retired from Academia after 35 years of teaching , having raised children and grandchildren , having spent a number or years at a historically Black university , I hope that my legacy to the youth of this , my adopted country , is to have pride in their roots , respect and feel proud of the deprivations and adversities their forefathers endured and overcame , and rejoice in the diversity of our people . After wo years I still see Richard Rodriguez as a pathetic figure .
 This book has got to be one of the most random books I have ever read . Maybe you would enjoy this book if you are going into a new world but otherwise do yourself the favor and do n't pay for this book ! The thoughts are some of the most random books ever . DO N'T BUY THIS !
 This book was the worst piece of garbage I have ever had the misfortune to read . I cut it in half and threw it away after reading it to make sure nobody else in my house stumbled across it and started to read it .
 There is absolutely nothing impressive or interesting in this book . Rodriguez relates to us the story of a boy who rejected the traditionally held values of his family , yet failed to assimilate into the dominant society . It should therefore be very uninteresting that he was a successful student because people who do not assimilate well , are likely to excel in school because they have less distractions .
 I never read a book I despised , until now . This book is boring , redundant , and pointless . Rodriguez tries to make the reader feel sorry for him . At the same time he is acting as if he is the most spectacular thing living . I hope he somehow finds this review , because I wasted I good deal of time struggling thorugh his book .
 Another `` required reading '' book at most inner city schools . This book is not very well written and does not portray your typical hispanic family . It 's another `` poor me/pity me '' type book .
 although this book has some potential , it is such a slow boring read , that the actual message is over looked !
 Richard shed himself to become a white man . He defines himself by the success standards set by white people . Although I do n't disagree with him on everything , he clearly has been white washed and it 's really sad . HE rants about himself like his ` ethnic ' look is so mesmerizing to people . He 's got a big head that I really ca n't empathize with . He made a choice many people of color make , assimilation in most extreme way . If you need a reason to feel pride in your cultural , read this book and see how you cold turn out if you have no pride in your culture
 As a Bilingual teacher , I believe immigrant children should learn the basics of schooling in their home language ; that way , they will be able to communicate with their parents , and they will earn self confidence . This book shows the lack of communication and self-esteem immigrant children are suffering from , in the United States .
 I read this book as a part of a college class on marginalized/minority writers . Out of a class of eight , I and another girl both thought this fellow was an unmitigated whiner and the book was terrible . The rest of the class thought it was compelling and thought provoking -LRB- or else they just wanted a good grade that week . -RRB- It seems to me that it is almost forbidden to express dislike of a minority writer in a classroom environment these days for fear of being branded a racist . I did not like this book . I was in the minority -- read it and decide for yourself .
 I wont purchase a book by Rodriguez because he is a sellout to himself and his people . The man has consistently come out against affairmative action when he himself is a product of it , and owes his success to it . We all make choices in life and Rodriguez chose to distance himself from his Mexican roots and wants us to validate his choices . Rodriguez is a sucess in the Anglo world but nothing is worth the cost of selling your soul to achieve success at such a high cost . The man is not Mexican he is best described as a pitiful soul that wrote a book trying to find redemption , but you cant have it both ways . Be what you are , take pride in your difference and you can still succeed in this country . I feel contempt not pity for the man .
 This book was extremely useless . Richard Rodriguez goes on and on and on about the same things through the whole book . I have no idea why my english teacher made us read this book . This is not an autobiography at all . There is a lot of his life missing from this book . You should n't buy this book unless you have to read it for some class .
 This book could possibly be interesting for minority students , but for anyone else , it is boring beyond belief . His writing style makes me want to find his thesorus and burn it . While he has mastered the art of attempting to make the whole world pity his life , he has completely lost the art of writing a book to be read for enjoyment.I want this book burned . It is a symptom of our overly PC society that an upper middle-class white girl is supposed to read this books and be `` uplifted '' by it . I find it drivel .
 This is one of the worse books that I have read . Mr. Rodriguez may be intelligent but he has lost touch with reality and what life is all about . I got the impression that he feels that all Latinos should be at his intellectual level . If they are not he would prefer not to associate himself with them.Mr . Rodriguez does n't know who he is nor what he wants with life . There are many intellectual Latinos that successfully live Bi-Cultural lives here in America . It 's not just isolated to Latinos either . After all thats what makes up America . Mr. Rodriquez sounds like a big cry baby and just wants pity for what he has gone through . Wake up Mr. Rodriguez , you 're not the only one . Others have gone through what you have but yet they have no reason to complain nor shun their culture as you have.After I read this book I was anxious to find out who else read it or know about him . I came across some individuals who happened to be around Mr. Rodriguez 's age and have received their education around his time . Most have seen him speak in person and some have even met him . They all pretty much told me that `` MR. RICHARD RODRIGUEZ IS FULL OF HIMSELF AND WHAT HE BELIEVES IN . HE 'S IN COMPLETE DENIAL . `` DO N'T BUY THIS BOOK . THERE ARE BETTER ONES OUT THERE.FYI
 If Richard Rodriguez was able to publish this self-pitying , self-congratulatory , self-absorbed drivel because he is a minority , then that aspect of affirmative action is the only thing he and I agree on . Is he unaware of the thousands of Americans who have managed to learn English while maintaining close ties to their native cultures , including preserving their native languages ? Is he unaware of how minorities have contributed to our country by being different?Does he think that his experiences with the Catholic church are unique ? Does he think his heavy-handed punctuation makes us feel the drama he imagines in his life?I have never read a worse book on the immigrant experience . It may be that I have never read a worse book . Shame on him for his narrow-mindedness . Shame on anyone who gave him money to pass off his own psychosis as a common experience just because he is a minority .
 I was exposed to Richard Rodriguez 's `` Hunger for Memory '' in my `` Latinidad '' Literature class.At first , the book seemed to me incredible , amazing in its ability to describe in such detail how it feels to grow up as a first generation American . However , after having considered Rodriguez 's positions I became increasingly convinced that he was a fraud , or at least very confused.In the Prologue Rodriguez makes it very clear that `` Caliban wo n't ferry a TV crew back to his island , there to recover his roots , '' yet , several years after writing `` Hunger for Memory '' Rodriguez accepts a narrating position for a BBC documentary on Mexican villages.Rodriguez makes it very clear that he is not the `` minority '' or `` ethnic '' scholar yet , he is still willing to represents `` Hispanic '' interests in conferences and he still stands up when they announce him as a `` Chicano . `` Rodriguez , while not making it exactly clear in his writings , is evidently homosexual . His lifestyle is therefore incompatible with the Catholic church he still frequents even though he does not believe in church dogma.Rodriguez presents diametrically opposite ideas in his text . He , therefore , undermines his own arguments . The book loses its validity and becomes a pathetic attempt to explain why he is not Mexican . Rodriguez does not seem to understand that his refusal of his heritage is futile because no matter how educated he becomes the color of his skin will not change .
 I believe that this book was not meant for all audiences . I for one did not care for the book . It did not apply to me as a book like this should . In my opinion , I could not get past the fact that he was whining throughout the book . He makes it sound as though he is the only one in this world that had any problems growing up . Although some of us can not relate to his personal experiences we do have our own problems . I am not totally disregarding his book , it may apply to a lot of people , I just believe that the book does not hit any nerves in me .
 Indeed Richard makes some good points about bilingual education and affirmative action - and they ARE well worth noting -LRB- how affirmative action does n't benefit those who need it the most -RRB- ... but everything else about this book -LSB- is bad -RSB- . His writing style is very self-absorbed . His opinions are inserted after just about EVERY comment and EVERY action ANYONE -LRB- his family or the outside world -RRB- commits , it 's like he 's trying to beat his own opinion into your head . There 's also very stuck-up tone lurking under his writing ; he VERY often notes his own accomplishments endlessly -LRB- ... at a cocktail party in Bel Air ... entered high school having read 100s of books ... -RRB- , it 's all fabulous but reading about his greatness gets very tedious after awhile -LRB- especially when he 's describing how he started making lists of books he read ... that alone is 6 pages - go look yourself
 This book was a difficult read . I admit openly that it is a strain for me to understand the feeling of minority . I am a middle-middle class white person , privileged by virtue of the fact that my parents stayed together for 53 years until my father passed away , blessed by being an `` Air Force brat '' , which entitled me to meet people of all different races , socioeconomic groups , and nationalities to the extent that I do n't see those things anymore . It is hard for me to relate . Rodriguez begins the book by mocking upper-class people for being arrogant , and middle-class people for attempting `` cheap imitations of lower-class life '' . Are there really people in America who divide individuals into classes like that ? And if class is so important , to what class would he assign himself ? My father taught me to respect all people and that every man 's work is good if it is honest work , so I would not presume to judge a person 's character by his socioeconomic class.Overlooking this obstacle , I see that Rodriguez , like all good writers , writes from his own experience of life . He was intensely impacted by the transition from Spanish to English in his life . His mother insisted on English being spoken in the home , according to the recommendations of well-meaning nuns , but as a result , the author lost an integral part of his home experience , the music of his native tongue . Additionally , he lost connection with his mother and father , because while his mother attained a rudimentary grasp of the English language , his father never quite caught on , so his relationship with his wife and children was radically changed . According to the author , his father lived voiceless in his own home , which was a sad state of affairs for the former head of the household.Rodriguez states that he is against affirmative action as it is legislated , where the only requirement to qualify is to belong to a minority group , such as African-Americans , Hispanic-Americans , and Native Americans . When he realized that he had received an exceptional level of early schooling during his years in private Catholic school , it became clear that he was not really socially disadvantaged at all . At that point in time , it was evident that there were many other students out there who were far more needful of the benefits of the affirmative action program . Furthermore , Rodriguez equated the meaning of the word `` minority '' with `` alienated from the public -LRB- majority -RRB- society '' , and found that by becoming a student , he did not consider the term `` minority '' to describe him . Neverthless , for reasons that are somewhat blurry , he accepted the benefits of the program , went on to denigrate the program publicly , only to have it thrown back in his face by minority leaders who did not appreciate him rocking the proverbial boat . Eventually he apologizes for taking the benefits that someone else was more deserving of receiving ; however , he acknowledges that it is unlikely they will ever read his apology.The author 's apparent love of his parents , his obedience to them and respect for their struggle in a strange country , was wonderful to see in the beginning of this book . Rodriguez 's recognition of his parents is well deserved , for his father and mother made considerable sacrifices to give their children a better chance in the world than they had personally experienced . They left their Mexican town filled with memories , family , and friends , to take their children to a land of increased opportunity . They worked hard and managed to send their three children to private Catholic school . They attended an Irish-American church instead of the Mexican church they preferred in their homeland . He says that his parents coped well in America , with his father keeping steady work , and his mother managing the home , which was situated in what Rodriguez describes as `` among gringos , and only a block from the biggest , whitest houses '' . Although they knew none of their neighbors and routinely struggled to manage daily concerns in a strange language , they had huge families of relatives visiting them from time to time , and a family life immersed in laughter and joy . This is evidence of the consistent efforts of loving parents to provide a lasting heritage that eclipses ethnic or socioeconomic constraints . Unfortunately , halfway through the book , Rodriguez tells us that as he became more and more proficient in English and enlarged his circle of English-speaking friends , he became ashamed of his parents and hated their foreign ways . In the final chapter of the book , we find his mother begging him not to air his disloyalty to and disappointment in his family openly in his writing , but he does not honor her request . This book is all about him , to the very end.The author continually reminds us of his socially disadvantaged upbringing , the fact that he is the son of `` working-class parents '' . Forgive me if I do n't buy into this thinking . He attended private school , for Pete 's sake . That costs money . I grew up listening to my parents ' stories of the depression , when people were lucky to even have a job , and of life in post-war Germany , where children rifled through garbage cans for food . To this day , my mother keeps her pantry filled with extra cans of food , extra bags of staples such as flour and sugar , all sorts of extra non-perishables , against that kind of want . I went to Florida 's horrendous public schools and my parents could n't afford to send me to college , so I got Pell grants and Perkins loans and Stanford loans for which I am still paying . So I should feel sorry for him , because he was on scholarship based upon his ethnicity ? It is appalling and demeaning the way he calls himself `` the scholarship boy '' throughout this text . If accepting the funds was so detestable to him , he should have passed the opportunity on to somebody who would appreciate it . In the interest of clearing his conscience , I think from now on , he ought to thank the taxpayers , pay his taxes and pass the help on to the next generation of needy students . Or if he feels that guilty about the financial aid he received , set up a scholarship fund for financially-strapped single parents who are women -LRB- the group I fell into as a student -RRB- with all the profits he 's getting from this book.Rodriguez also states that he was `` victim to a disabling confusion '' . He has n't suffered a traumatic brain injury or been diagnosed with early Alzheimer 's disease . He is referring to his inability to speak Spanish easily once he became fluent in English . As a speech-language pathologist , I can definitively state that linguistic learning differences do n't make a person a victim . To me , Rodriguez 's alleged issues with language and intimacy seem disconnected with the issues of bilingual education or affirmative action . In fact , he is such a gifted speaker and writer , that he makes his living using these skills , and is evidently very successful , or I would n't be reading this book .
 This book does n't even deserve one star . This was quite possibly the most anticlimactic , redundant , rediculously verbose , and dull book I have ever come in contact with . Richard Rodriguez completely leaves out entire chunks of his life , which are probably the most interesting parts . If the parts of his life he put in the book are the most interesting , I feel sorry for the poor man for not having anything more enrapturing to write about than why he was a `` scholarship boy '' or whatever the hell it is . He is obsessed about labeling and overanalyzing the littlest things in life like , `` why did she pass me the salt with her left hand ... am I not good enough for the right ? Or perhaps she is left handed , perhaps she has minor arthritus in her right hand . I think I should go more in depth on the causes of arthritus . Yes , I will . '' Dammit man , shut up . Just get on with it . There 's nothing exciting , interesting , sexy , or even mildly intellectually stimulating in this book except for trying to figure out why the hell he wrote this
 Richard Rodriguez whines and complains in his book . I have similar experiences . I was born in Mexico . I was reared in America and went to Catholic schools . I have a darker than average complexion . People often ask me what country I was born in just by looking at me , but that did not warp my wife like it seemed to for Rodriguez . I have a friend who went to Stanford , like Rodriguez , on scholarship , but he did not whine about it . I googled Rodriguez and found a published speech where he continues to show weak character . Here is a quote from one of his speeches
 A reader - This book doses not really apply to people who had been 3rd or 4th generation Americans . This book on a boy becoming a man of middle America is told in so many ways that one more in the pool of stories about something that doses not matter to the majority of people . It has good bases story and content but to read it for more then it is worth is not logical . Should be taken as a fictional story about an ideal and nothing more .
 The title , and dramatic cover picture , drew me to buy this book . My copy is an orange and white hardcover edition , with a layout similar to the one presented here . It 's from 1982 and is stamped with the address and name of a local , NY , school.I think the durable , still mint condition , cover was the best part of the book , along with the first few pages . After getting past the cover , and what seems like might be a good read , the book became horribly repetitive and boring . Over and over , the same issues are rehashed . You wait for a pivotal moment , and none comes.As such , even if you agree with his beliefs , and , as a person who grew up in a Spanish-speaking household , I do n't , you wo n't be entertained.As for his ideology , concerning ethnicity , race and language , it 's really irrelevant to the issues of acceptance , humanity and success , that he tries to tie it to . If you read the book critically , you 'll see that he does n't really make a case for any of this . If you 're Latino , raised in a Spanish speaking household , as I am -LRB- Puerto Rican -RRB- , you 'll definitely see that the claims he makes , about language and ethnicity , are untrue and , despite his drawn out writing , go unproven.I 'd call him a cheap , two-bit provocateur , but he never manages to stir anything up , in this bland , boring , shallow-minded piece of drivel .
 If you want to read the purple prose of a man who is deeply ashamed of being latino and gay -- in fact , so ashamed of the latter that he paints a picture of gays and lesbians as a talentless lot of artificial people doomed by moral pestilence -- then this is the book for you . If you 're white and heterosexual and you 're looking for a brown-skinned person to make you feel like you 're culturally superior , why this book will be downright therapeutic !
 Andrew Amerson Engl 15510/1 / 98Hunger of Memory , was not a very interesting book . It is not the kind of book that really catches my attention , although it is a good book . Rodriguez did a very good job describing his feelings on affirmative action and bilingual education with great detail . But I still do n't see why he had to write a whole book on it . I would n't recommend anybody to read this book .
 How strange - I read this book some years back and yet , coming across it again today all my old angry , negative impressions came rushing back . I too am Mexican , about the same age as the author , raised in California in a Spanish-speaking household by loving immigrant parents , Catholic grammar , high school and college-educated . Rodriguez and I shared many of the same experiences , positive and negative . In fact , up to a certain point his story could have been the story of my own life . But this book left me cold , worse than cold ; it made me angry enough to literally throw it across the room , several times . I had to force myself to finish it . It 's infuriating , and worse , tragic that this devious , cold-hearted , whiny , self-serving and self-centered author has become so influential . No tiene corazon .
 The concept of this novel was terrific , to give life to the Second Punic War from the view of the Carthaginians . There are few more tragic characters than Hannibal Barca , and the large cast of supporting characters promised to give a broad cross-section to the novel , with perspectives from the common soldier to commanding general . Alas , Durham fails to live up to these promises.The key to this novel was a believeable Hannibal , and this is the greatest letdown . At no point could I see him as a military genius ; it seems like the Romans simply play a passive role in each battle scene , and Hannibal 's troops never seem to have difficulty understanding the guiding principle behind each strategem Hannibal conceives . And at critical junctures , where history has left carte blanche for Durham to utilize , there is only a void . The worst case of this was after the battle of Cannae , where Hannibal refuses to march on Rome and finish what he started . This is a question where historians have struggled , but Durham 's fictional version seems like a hollow echo . And before the final battle , Hannibal 's movements seem entirely dictated by Scipio . At no point does he exhibit the audacity or talent for the unpredicable that led him across the Alps or won the battle of Cannae . If Hannibal were , as the title claims , the pride of Carthage , they must not have much to work with.However , the pages dealing with Hannibal at least held out hope for an entertaining version of big events . Alas , not so for the rest of the Barca family . In trying to paint a broad scope for the war , the characters of Hanno and Hasdrubal are flat , Mago is interesting but sadly fades from the narrative , and the truly fictional characters among the Punic army have story arcs that barely seem to intersect the overall plotline , other than to provide relief from the struggles of the Barcas to live up to the expectations of an unsympathetic , ambiguous notion of `` Carthage . `` Finally , circumstances themselves seem poorly dealt with at every turn . After so many defeats , how do the Romans continue to raise such massive armies ? The issue could at least have been dealt with in a Roman aside . Or how did Masinissa jump from abandoned on the riverside to king of the Massyllii nation ? Durham seems willing to let historical events dictate his novel , but he rarely takes the time to explain the why and how of the decisions that led to these events . Ocassionally , he is even entirely wrong - he trims the 18 years Hannibal spent in Italy down to only 5 ! The writing style throughout is blase , and the Roman perspective is sadly lacking . Not recommended .
 I was very dissappointed by this book . -LRB- Beware one line blurbs on book jackets ! -RRB- Much of it is `` empty calories '' that I had to skim over to finish.There 's nothing I like more than a good , thick historical novel that immerses me in a period -LRB- Gary Jennings , Robert Graves , Coleen McCullogh etc. -RRB- that instructs and entertains me . I felt let down here on both counts . I expect a lot more density of historical detail -LRB- be it real or plausibly imagined -RRB- in a small print 550 page novel . While the author provides a reasonably accurate historical background context for the book , his attention to historical detail and culture are thin and very inferior to the authors I mentioned.Compared to Rome , not a lot is known about Carthage , but even so , the author 's treatment of Carthaginian society , culture and history is very shallow and lacking in known historical facts that could have added more depth to the story . -LRB- He offers a few note cards worth of such information . -RRB- Pretty much the same standard is applied to the Gauls , Romans , and contemporary Greeks . Yes this is a `` novel , '' but I expect a lot more from a good `` historical '' novel , especially one over 500 pages . Instead , many pages are filled with generic travel descriptions , rambling internal monologues , dull formal speeches , flashbacks , and lengthy , shallow subplots that seldom offer much payoff . This all gets fatally in the way of engaging plot flow.There are so many pointless digressions in this book as to make me wonder if the author suffers from Attention Deficit Disorder . He frequently has conversations between characters where each spoken sentence is followed my a paragraph or two of unspoken internal dialogue or narrative voice before the next line is spoken . Yet , the conversation is supposed to be taking place seamlessly . Hardly sparkling dialogue . Some of the characters are well drawn , but are often shortchanged so the author can make the rounds of his various subplots.There 's too much filler which is neither of historical interest nor engaging story telling . Many scenes are just plodding generic action/romance operating in a a thin historicalcontext . And extreneous verbiage slows down almost every page . I do n't know if the author was purposefully padding his work to 500 + pages to look hefty on the book rack or if he was simply incapbable of editing it.The author 's style is not consistent . For about the first third of the book , it 's almost like purple prose out of a sweat stained `` Sword & Sorcery '' epic . Plenty of archaisms like `` loins '' and `` vexed , '' along with repeated , lengthy descriptions of glistening muscles , cheeckbone structure and brows . Much of this comes accross as stilted , rather than Homeric . Fortunately , the author either grew weary of the effort involved in cranking out such over heated prose , or someone gave him some feedeback , because he throttles back on this as the book progresses . -LRB- Of course , be should have gone back when he finished and done rewrites to make it all of a piece . -RRB- So why did I still finish the book & give it two stars ? Lots of skimming over the dull bits and because , despite it 's many shortcommings , there are islands of satisfaction to be found here & there in this great sea of excess verbiage . Some of the characters are interesting , the action scenes are pretty well done & the author is capable of insight . What he really needs is a hard nosed editor to take him in hand & show him that `` more '' is sometimes `` worse . `` I can not recommend this book . If I had not skimmed parts of it , which I seldom do , and only as a last resort , I never could have finished it . I felt let down at the end . As much as I like long historical novels , `` Cut , cut , cut ! ''
 This ponderous , slow novel is not devoid of interest , if one likes his historical novels to resemble history essays , and biased ones at that . Carthaginians were n't innocents
 I knew from other reviewers that the history was flawed in this book . I also learned from reading it that the dialogue is sluggish and sloppy , with such english-centric and Phoenicianly incomprehensible puns like `` Watch your ass -- your donkey , I mean '' , and endless internal dialogue paragraphs in between lines of actual dialogue that SHOULD be happening in a fluid conversation.The story I gave up on twice , and had to force my way through , until I came to a point where I simply could not continue , and just read ahead to different points in the novel . The characters are so lifeless and one-dimensional , it 's painful trying to care about them.There was no chemical reaction with this one ; total bust .
 While I was n't as negative about this book as some critics , I do think it took a very dynamic time in history and rinsed all the excitement out of it . It seemed the novel lost any impetus after the battle of Cannae . Ross Leckie 's Hannibal is about half the length and a much better read . Try that one first , gentle reader .
 Historical fiction and good fantasy have always appealed to me . I expected to like very much Durham 's attempt to tell the Second Punic War from Hannibal 's perspective . However , half way through I am wondering whether to finish the book . The writing is wooden -LRB- was there no serious editing ? -RRB- , the telling of this marvelous historical story is tedious , and Durham seems not to understand or care that people of that age were not identical with those of today . After a while , this reader felt he was reading a third rate , rather badly written fantasy tale , which merely borrows the names of great historical figures and peoples the ancient world with sensitive moderns . According to Durham , no European soldiers can match Hannibal 's African , Libyan etc. infantry and cavalry , whom he seems to regard as black or at least very dark skinned people . Perhaps they will conquer the world with their prowess in another of Durham 's `` historical '' novels . He emphasizes his book is a novel and a fiction , as though this excuses him from accuracy and care . I have rarely been as disappointed in a book .
 i really wanted to like this . i 'm a big fan of things roman and thought it would be great to read about the second punic war from the other side . but this book is about as dry as a text book , and far less informative . the characters are stiff , unrealistic , cardboard heros . others who recommend this talk about epic , sweeping battle scenes . uh ... no.if you read this , not only will you have to slog through over 500 pages of awkward writing and ungainly characterization , but you will gain an innaccurate understanding of the events of this war . this book has little of what makes historical fiction worth while .
 As a student of history , there are very few things that I find more annoying than the deliberate distortion of history on the part of any author . This book falls in the same bracket as the movie `` 300 '' does , fatally distorted fiction , which is the worse kind of fiction because it will be accepted as fact , and for that Mr. Durham should ashamed.The first fallacy that Mr. Durham foists on his readers is that Hannibal was a black African , and that so was Carthage . Hannibal was not black ; he was an ethnic Phoenician which means that he was very likely of Semitic origin , for Mr. Durham to characterize Hannibal Barca as black is ridiculous , and even though Carthage was in North Africa , it was hardly a black African nation , as it was Phoenician in origin and nature.Additionally let 's be clear , the Carthaginians were hardly innocent victims . They went to war with Rome over the prize plum of Greek Sicily and both countries went through machinations to rival anything in the modern world . By all rights , the Carthaginians should have won the First Punic War ; they lost because the Romans re-wrote the rules of ancient naval warfare thus eliminating their biggest advantage.Hannibal himself was ultimately defeated due to numerous reasons , but some of the most salient are the fact that the Carthaginians were overly dependent on mercenaries because they did not want to send their own sons and daughters to war , because when Rome decided to take the war to Africa the Carthaginian leadership panicked and recalled Hannibal home , and ultimately because Publius Cornelius Scipio was a better general than Hannibal.What ultimately happened to Carthage was not terribly unusual in the ancient world , although their treatment by the Romans was . What very likely doomed the Carthaginians was that they refused to stay down when beaten , and in the end Hannibal 's success on the battlefield very likely did more to seal the fate of Carthage than anything else I can personally think of.In the end , what happened to Hannibal was not a black and white thing ; whatever other foibles the ancient Romans may have had racially based bigotry did not seem to be one of them , and like the victors in almost every age before or since , they re-wrote the facts to suit their own needs . Even so , the Romans themselves may have done more to ensure the immortality of Hannibal , as for hundreds of years Roman mothers admonished their children to behave themselves , or Hannibal would get them !
 Durham has done a great job of taking everything we know about ancient Carthage and ancient Rome and NOT letting it inform his book at all . Basically , this is a book about a bunch of 20th-century Americans acting out a great war from the past . Their world views are thoroughly American , their attitudes towards war and violence , sex , family and love are all quintessentially ... American . Hannibal is portrayed basically as the dutiful husband who goes off to `` work '' but desperately misses his wife and child while away on `` business '' . 1950s sentimentalism , anybody?The book yields no insight into the cultures of the day , nothing about the social institutions , technologies , values , communications or traditions of either Rome nor Carthage . Other than Hannibal using terrain to his advantage in in certain battles , geography is irrelevant
 First off the caveats - I have n't finished the book - normally I would never write a review of a book I have n't finished , but I 'm not sure I 'll finish this one -LRB- except for finding and skimming my favorite parts from history -RRB- . Now I 'm a total Hannibal fan , having ready Livy , Polybius and even a bunch of the military historians , so for me to not want to finish this says something . Moreover , I 've been wanting to read a good , accurate historical fiction of Hannibal for a while . I ca n't attest to this books accuracy -LRB- nothing seemed terribly amiss , but I did n't get too far -RRB- , but I can say that the author has a very peculiar writing style which involves summarizing events instead of actually portraying them . For instance , often character 's dialogue will be summarized instead of spoken -LRB- i.e. `` Mago doubted that the man 's plow had stood untouched in the fields and said so '' instead of '' ` Surely his plow did not remain untouched ? ' asked Mago in disbelief '' -RRB- . The rationale for this makes little sense as some characters involved ina conversation will speak while others just get a summary . The result is its hard to get a feel for characters and this book actually becomes less lively than the histories -LRB- compare Livy 's recounting of Fabius ' appearance before the Carthaginian Senate which consists of lines and lines of impassioned speeches against DAD 's which has two lines of dialogue and a bunch of impersonal prose -RRB- . My other major critique of the writing is that there 's no central character or point of view from which the story is told . It 's constantly shifting and just plain confusing ; the result is that the book seems very fractured . It 's sad because the author clearly has a good vision of how he wants to portray the forces that shape Hannibal , and he has clearly invested considerable effort into fleshing out Hannibal 's family - but unfortunately his writing ca n't bring that vision to fruition .
 Several other 2 star reviews are perfect depictions of how I feel about this book . The writing style is laborious and off key . This is a gold mine of interesting material that the author makes sound rather boring . The stilted and lofty writing style makes this incredible source material available fall very flat .
 I stopped reading this free edition when I came to location 568 . At this point of the ebook there is a section of repeated text - about six to ten paragraphs repeat . I was a little concerned that if this free edition contains repeats - does it also contain omissions ? I 'd hate to read this 12,000 + location ebook and wonder all along if I were missing important text.I decided to purchase the illustrated version offered by Art & Poetry Publishing . That ebook does not contain repeat text at the spot mentioned above and the illustrations are coming through nicely . Small , but a nice addition to the story. :--RRB- I do n't work for Art & Poetry Publishing - I just feel a solid ebook file is necessary , even when it 's free.Jenna
 This book is not properly formatted for the Kindle 3 and several of the words run together -LRB- i.e. severalofthewordsruntogether -RRB- . If you are seriously interested in reading this novel , buy a version from a different publisher . Amazon is going to notify the publisher and with hope this problem will be corrected sometime in the future , but do not look for it to be corrected anytime soon .
 This version uses a fixed font that causes inappropriate line breaks , making the book difficult to read on my Kindle . For example , some lines have only one word . I returned the book to Amazon for a refund .
 I very rarely put down a book before finishing it , even if I do n't like it . This one was impossible for me to read , though , and even though I tried , I could only get a quarter of the way through it -LRB- 200 pages -RRB- before I decided life is just too short for such aggravation.I wanted this to be one of those books that you can get lost in and sticks with you once it 's over ... it 's very long , spans many years in the lives of the characters , interesting plot idea , definitely seemed to fit the bill of a pleasurable read . It did n't turn out to be one of those books , however . To begin with , it 's slow . On top of that , the story unfolds through a narrator -LRB- the author I suppose -RRB- who goes off on tangents unrelated to the story , making personal observations on people and life and society in general that last for paragraphs and even pages . Very frustrating ! The book would have been half as long if the author had stuck to what we wanted to read about ... the story.I gave this book 2 stars instead of one because I can see how the story itself would be an engaging one . Too bad the author 's own voice torpedoed it.Edited
 The abridged audio version of this book boils 800 + pages down to 3 cassettes , which results in a recitation of the plot with little characterization , historical background or social context . The reader was very good however , and if she does the unabridged version I 'd opt for that one .
 Book was sold as `` good '' condition , and priced somewhat higher than other editions . When I rec 'd it , I found it heavily underlined , and should have been rated only `` fair '' at 30 % lower price .
 5 * for the Book , 1 * for the version from General Books LLCLove Thackeray 's books , and Vanity Fair is a classic . Other reviewers have done a great job describing the novel , I 'm not going to rehash , I agree.However , if you are interested in buying this , be aware that the book is now out in the public domain and a plethora of reprints are available , mostly from Print on Demand Publishers reprinting copyright-expired books . And there are some truely awful reprints available , believe me . Some of these publishers produce quite good quality books , some do not . What you do need to do is check the publisher carefully for all these older `` copyright expired '' books . An outstanding example of `` not good quality '' is the reprint of `` Vanity Fair '' published by General Books LLC and listed at the truely exhorbitant price of fifty three dollars . Ridiculous price for a version that 's scanned in using OCR technology -LRB- and using pretty poor quality OCR scanning equipment and software from the look of their books -RRB- , is overall of very poor print quality , uses automated reproduction with no index , no illustrations and an excessive number of typos.To quote some specifics from the publisher 's own web site : `` We created your book using OCR software that includes an automated spell check . Our OCR software is 99 percent accurate if the book is in good condition . However , with up to 3,500 characters per page , even one percent can be an annoying number of typos ... '' `` After we re-typeset and designed your book , the page numbers change so the old index and table of contents no longer work . Therefore , we usually remove them . Since many of our books only sell a couple of copies , manually creating a new index and table of contents could add more than a hundred dollars to the cover price ... '' `` Our OCR software ca n't distinguish between an illustration and a smudge or library stamp so it ignores everything except type . We would really like to manually scan and add the illustrations . But many of our books only sell a couple of copies ... '' `` We created your book using a robot who turned and photographed each page . Our robot is 99 percent accurate . But sometimes two pages stick together . And sometimes a page may even be missing from our copy of the book . We would really like to manually scan each page and buy multiple copies of each original . But many of our books only sell a couple of copies ... `` General Books LLC are flooding Amazon with these low quality publications -LRB- 450,000 + listed so far -RRB- and , unfortunately , many of them have the reviews associated with the original or with better quality imprints associated with them . For the buyer that 's not aware of this publisher this can result in a rather unfortunate purchasing decision.A good rule of thumb for these Print on Demand publishers is to take a look at the cover - if it 's a good quality illustration that reflects the content , there 's a table of contents , and when you do the Look Inside thing there 's no disclaimer saying you 're looking at another book , and they 've stated that they used facsimile reproduction technology -LRB- rather than OCR -RRB- , it 's usually a pretty safe bet . Conversely , if any of these are missing , you 're taking a chance on the quality . I 've bought a few based on my selection criteria above and they 've been good quality . General Books LLC however , is a publisher to steer clear of at all costs . -LRB- And if you do the look inside thing for General Books LLC version of this book , you will read the following ... `` This view is of the Paperback edition -LRB- 1998 -RRB- from Wordsworth Editions Ltd. . The Paperback edition -LRB- 2010 -RRB- from General Books LLC that you originally viewed is the one you 'll receive if you click the Add to Cart button at left . '' So what you see is NOT what you will get.If you have been unfortunate enough to buy the General Books LLC version by mistake , you can return to Amazon for a full refund -LRB- but check Amazon 's return policy and process first -RRB- .
 I read a lot of the reviews & ca n't help wondering , were we all reading the same book ? There were a few I agreed with , in that I found this book so boring & the narration was so long & full of nothing that it was like someone just rambling on & on . I normally spent a good 4 to 6 hours a day reading on my Kindle . But this story did not motivate me to pick up my Kindle much so I read it about 1 hour each day , until I could n't take it anymore . I was forcing myself to read this book , when normally I have to force myself to put the Kindle down . That is when I have found a good story that has grabbed me in the first few pages . This book was like forcing myself to swallow a huge bitter pill . Maybe I missed something , so hey , take the advice of the 5 star reviewers & read it for yourself .
 really did n't get into it at all . really tried , but just got to 30 % read , and quit . have so many other books to read and did n't want to waste any more time on this one .
 This classic is very difficult to read . Not only is it boring , but the way it 's written is weird and jumpy . I did not enjoy the book . I only got through a few chapters before I gave up . It is also very long .
 I really wanted to like this novel . I am a huge book lover , and especially this sort of older novel . I am sorry to say I was disappointed . The novel is much longer than it needs to be . I do not have a problem with long novels in general -LRB- in fact , I 've read The Mists of Avalon an embarassing number of times -RRB- , but I do have a problem with novels that are long for no good reason . I also understand this novel was released in short bits over the course of many months , but that does not excuse the meandering storyline . Thackeray jumps back and forth both in time and in place . He wastes many a paragraph describing things that have no importance in the novel , or people who have no bearing on the story . Then , to make matters worse , he simply jumps over , or glosses over the seemingly most important parts of the story.Another problem I have with the novel is the way he writes the characters . None of them come across as all that endearing , except perhaps for Dobbins , who is so devoted and constant as to be unbelievable.I did n't hate the novel -LRB- hence the 2 stars -RRB- , but I doubt I will ever bother to re-read it .
 I think that Vanity is the most boring book I have ever read It has absolutly no meaning .
 While interesting , I found this to be a laborious read . The first 135 pages are spent setting the scene and building atmosphere , thereby setting the pace for the whole novel .
 I 'm not reviewing Thackeray 's novel , which is truly fantastic , but rather this Penguin edition , which is truly terrible . There are two major problems with this edition
 An extraordinarily annoying collection of essays and speeches by a physicist Krishnamurti disciple , a would-be guru , lengthily advocating encounter groups to solve the world 's problems , and offering Scientology-like diagnoses of our cognitive blockages .
 I would n't have bothered to read this if I had realized that it 's just a teaser for King 's new TV show . The `` story '' ends abruptly with no resolution , presumably to make one sure to tune in to get one , which makes me feel cheap and used . I 'd probably be more disgruntled but I did n't actually purchase the book.Other than that , it 's not an abysmally bad story , but it 's not great or ground-breaking either . The plotline seemed a little too generic for King , which makes more sense now that I have read that it 's a re-interpretation of a work by Von Trier.I think some of King 's work is really excellent , but I would rank this towards the bottom of his writings . That said , being ranked low for King is better than some author 's best , especially in the `` horror '' genre .
 I was intrigued by the now cancelled TV show and so decided to pick up the book that the show was based on so I could have some closure on the story . Unfortunately , the book is nothing more than a lead in to the show . The books ends about where the show picks up . Needless to say I am still in the dark about where the story goes and how it ends . Very frustrating . It was a decent book up to the abrupt and unsatisfying ending .
 Like the reviewer socrates 17 , I am waiting for ABC/Stephen King to credit Lars von Trier as the source of this new mini-series . Unfortunately , judging from the promotions for the series -LRB- which include this book , published by an arm of ABC network -RRB- , it does n't seem that they will . Instead , they seem to be trying to pass this book off as the truth when , in fact , there is n't even a Kingdom Hospital in Maine - -LRB- CMCC hospital is the one utilized in this series -RRB- . Yes , this story is simply the thinly -LRB- VERY thinly -RRB- changed story of Riget -LRB- i.e. , the Kingdom -RRB- and Riget II , brilliantly written and directed by Lars von Trier in 1994 and 1997 respectively . When I contacted Zentropa studios with my concern , they said that the rights to Riget and Riget II had been sold to the television series , but not the accreditation . They , too , are obviously waiting for ABC to make the proper acknowledgement.Given this , I would pass on the book and , instead , see the wonderful von Trier originals . As socrates 17 says , it is possible to find Riget in PAL format from Amazon UK although in my case , I was lucky enough to find it in a now defunct video store in NTSC format . Riget II is occasionally shown on tv - IFC showed it about a year ago and one of the pay channels -LRB- STARZ , I think -RRB- showed it this past fall . Definately check these von Trier films out ; they are uniquely plotted , wonderfully shot and acted and I still have the images of Udo Kier -LRB- as the monstrous baby -RRB- in my mind .
 Save your money - this is n't a complete story , just a printed trailer for the TV series . Bought it , read it , and returned it in disgust .
 Oh , what a waste of time . Maybe it 's good in tandem with the -LRB- now cancelled -RRB- TV show , but alone it 's tedious , it drags , and , since it 's designed to get you to watch the show , has no real resolution or denoument . If you MUST read it , get it from the library , do n't waste your money .
 PPeeewww !! This show is horrible . Long , drawn out , my gosh , when I watched the first two hours of the premier on channel 7 I thought it was only going to be a two hour movie . Towards the end I thought `` Wait a minute . Do n't tell me this is going to be a series !!! '' Then I find out it 's a 13 week series . 13 WEEKS !! What the heck can they do for 13 hours ? If the book is anything like the TV show , and by reading some of the reviews it seems it is , well the book must be just as horrible . What a waste of time . The concept is great . A hospital built over a grave of children who died in a fire many years before . That would 've been cool . But , man , did they drag it out . What 's with the Aardvark ? Heck , I do n't know . But you know that the Stephen King 's `` IT '' was great !!!! Until the very end . When it turned out to be this big `` Spider '' and the clown was working for him to lure people to it . That was pretty stupid . They could 've done it without the Spider . But , the rest of it was very well done and it was n't 13 weeks !! Here 's a lesson
 I have n't read this book yet , but I am disturbed by the fact that this book sounds almost identical to a John Saul book titled Hell Fire published in 1986 . Same scenario - mill in small town catches on fire , children die , soul of child is disturbed during renovation -LRB- to a mall instead of a hospital -RRB- and evil things start happening.Perhaps the book itself is quite different , but the plot just sounds too familiar .
 Else then creating personalities to cover his complexes -LRB- first Bachman and now Eleanor -RRB- , Mr King has now bacame a thief . Go wach the original Tv-series art by Lars Von Trier , The Kingdom . A 8 part post-modern TV series about unnatural events that take place in a hospital.There must be a border between the art of writing/literature and marketing tricks . And Mr.King has just crossed it.Stephen is now writing under the name Eleanor . After Richard he has developed another personality . Just a marketing trick . AND HE HAS STOLEN LARS VON TRIER 's work , THE KINGDOM -LRB- or did he bought it ? -RRB- anyway it is all a fraud . Shame on you mr king.You may trick the `` culture-free '' illiterate americans . But not everyone .
 I have been reading this book and am annoyed that I can put it down and , when I pick it up again , can not begin to tell whether I 've already read the section I begin reading . It is flat , with no real suspense , unless you count the question , `` Was this really written by Stephen King ? '' as part of the book . It is pretty far off in its depiction of the paranormal , beginning with the ants . If this is King 's work , he has succeeded at seeming to be a complete amateur . If it is Druse 's , why is it a work of fiction ? Sorry , this book makes me `` harrumph . '' I wish I 'd bought something else .
 I am quite upset with the reviewer who says no one in this country has heard of Lars Von Trier . Many people have . Bjork has even been in one of his movies , gim me a break ! This book seems just a fictional tie in to Stephen King 's series and the money used to buy it would be better seen going to buy the original Kingdom by Von Trier . I am currently watching King 's version but I hope none of his viewers think this was totally his idea or that it is real . I am not saying one Kingdom is better than the other , I only wish viewers to educate themselves by watching Von Trier 's version too and not making such sweeping judgements that Americans are too stupid to read subtitles or enjoy a TV series from another country!Having said this , I am sure King 's fans will enjoy it if it is read as a fiction . Maybe some of Lars Von Trier fans will like it too . I just higly recommend seeing both and then deciding which you like more . And yes , Kingdom 2 aired a few months ago on IFC , so it is accessible ... you can also get a copy of Kingdom 1 on VHS .
 Journals is nothing more than a teaser for the upcoming ABC movie . The story is not original and , frankly , much of it does n't even make sense . I have been a King fan since Salem 's Lot when I was only in high school . I have always looked forward to his new releases . After the Ellen Rimbauer dud and now this one , I wonder if King has lost his spark . His writings have , in the past , always had an edge that made you wonder what was going on in his head . This book and the Ellen Rimbauer Diary are like warmed up leftovers . My advice is do n't waste your time on this book .
 I loved the television series , so I thought I 'd check out the book.Huge Mistake !! This novel went absolutely no where . I hated it!Come to think of it , the book doesnt even deserve the time its taken me to reveiw it .
 I should have known better after the `` Rose Red '' trash . This is a cheap ploy to sucker you in to watching the series . Not only that , I 've noticed Stephen King 's current writing is concerned more with his pet peeves , political leanings , and predjudices than with telling a good story . Maybe it is time for King to retire .
 This book has an incredibly slow start . I was n't until about page 92 that the story actually got a bit interesting . This book made me remember why I do n't read Stephen King . It was just out of despiration , and the fact that I did n't have another book with me that I actually continued to read it . If I had n't spent $ 20 on it , I would have gotten rid of it .
 I loved the Thieves ' World books as a teenager . Unfortunately , the same can not be said now . Shadowspawn was always my favorite character , but Andrew Offutt 's new story featuring his character was overwritten to the point of being unreadable and soured the rest of the book for me . There may be better stories by other authors later in the book , but I could n't force myself to stay interested enough in the goings on of Sanctuary to read them all .
 Hamilton 's book advertizes itself as an accomplishment in finally clarifying for us the confusing and controversial notion of `` historicism . '' It provides a good survey of the key figures and philosophical commitments in the history of historicism and attempts to deal with the stakes involved in contemporary investments of the concept . But Hamilton 's text turns out to be , at best , a kind of apologia and , at worst , a `` how-to . '' Consequently , his assessment -- and understanding , I 'm affraid -- of historicism is delivered from the position of a believer and advocate . This contributes to the reproduction of a lot of conventional mantras about historicism , such as , for example , that it somehow represented -- and still does -- an `` anti-modernist '' position . We are still modernist , in a sense , and this is why , as this book demonstrates , it is difficult to think outside the framework of historicism . A provocative book , but not deserving of its authoritative title .
 Bram has done much better than this insipid , lazy exercise . Comedy ? Not very funny . Satire ? Not very insightful . Just a writer going through the motions with shallow characterization and painfully obvious plot devices . Readble , but not much more than that .
 I was very excited about this book because I 'd acted for ten years in NYC . I expected to find the theater world I remembered , instead , I found one completely devoid of people of color or straight women!The book centers on this bizarre love/lust triangle between Brit Broadway star / aging queen , Henry Lewse ; whiny , solipisistic playwright , Caleb Doyle ; dense , good-looking Toby from the Midwest . Their paths cross through phone sex , gay strip clubs , and Caleb 's neurotic loser of a sister , Jessica , who is Henry 's persoal assistant . Jessica longs to be in the theater but has no discernable talent , so she gloms on to her brother and Henry . When I read the chapters that focused on Jessica , I thought , `` Wow , Bram must really hate women , '' because Jessica is a self-absorbed human vortex of need who serves no purpose other than to bring Henry , Toby , a career ruining NY TIMES critc and Caleb together for the big farce-like ending of the book.Bram mentions some names anybody with a passing knowledge of off-b ` way theater would recognize , but this book misses the opportunity to explore the very thing that makes NYC and NYC theater so wonderful
 Skip BLINK.BLINK sure did not read in a blink -- slow , slow read!To honor the crux of his book , I figured I should write the review so you would know within the first few seconds that you could skip reading this book.Liked the concept . Delivery was tediously slow . Lessons learned were minimal.However , I will give TIPPING POINTThe Tipping Point
 I decided to read this book because Outliers was not yet in at my library . With its low rating on Amazon , I should have known it would n't be worth my while . There are some neat stories in there and interesting ideas . My main problem is that the book claims to change the way we will think yet gives no instructions to do so . It just gives a few examples on when intuition worked out really well and when it lead to unfortunate consequences . Probably wo n't read Outliers now .
 The author treats us to a rehash of things already written several times -LRB- one original , the others ' followers ' -RRB- . Why then the bestseller status ? Well , who knows , maybe some have short memories , or do n't read anything until it is on some list.not worth the money and time .
 I would agree with several other reviewers of this book . After a while , the book becomes very repetitive and states the obvious . Yes , we clearly all make snap decisions and no , most of us do n't analyze why we like jam for 15 minutes . In the beginning , its alluring to read about John Gottman 's experiments and how he can predict whether a couple will divorce or stay together.He goes on from there to indicate the process of reading emotive expressions , but never ties back to how we should interpret/digest his examples . There seems to be lacking a definitive message in the book , suggestion , and practicality of whether we should go with intuition vs logic . He points out that male/female attraction is often inexplicable , contains the X factor and is not grounded in logic of what we `` say '' we want in a person . He never goes on to address how much weight we should give the X factor ... have our minds become so highly tuned that it has integrated our deepest linear/logical thoughts as well as our non-linear feeling based wants/desires/needs and hence provides us with the X factor , or do we really need to discount the X factor to phermones and go back to what we logically want?How do we cognitively change unconscious emotions that in a blink of an eye , are expressed on our faces that as he points out , lead to either desirable or undesirable outcomes , and how much do we really need to change/hone this ? Where 's the point of the book ?
 I was recommended to buy this book at a user experience session at a web conference.After reading it all the way through , I felt that the core of the information would have made a good 3000-5000 word piece in a journal , with a few much shorter examples.In fact as I was reading it , I found myself thinking the annecdotes were too long and can we get back to some real content please.The annecdotes do illustrate the point well though , especially some of the ealier ones like the study on married couples . This was interesting , but I felt the book did drag on after that without adding much more .
 I agree with mr. bookworm , this book does n't contain any secrets or insight ... and I 'm still not sure of the point ... but some of the studies are amusing ... though taking a nap could possibly be more useful if you have some insightful dreams ...
 I did not understand how a reporter who reports on business and science can write a book like this , then I read the book . All Mr Gladwell has done his report the hard work others have done , certainly no input from him , except when he calls an office of the law an ass hole . He reports on some off the wall `` food taster '' mind reader and other liberial junk . What a waste of some very fine trees to print this rag .
 I heard that the main idea of this book is that first impressions are more valid than thoughtful reasoning , so instead of reading and thinking about the book I just flipped through the pages for a general impression . It is nonsense .
 This book literally teaches you to judge a book by it 's cover . I totally disagree . There were many times in my life that I had a bad `` blink '' thought about some one or something but ignored it and realized that it was a smart move ! So do n't believe everything you read ...
 The information in the book was quite interesting , but I expected the concept to be expanded to include ways in which we could use this concept in our own experience . A bit of a dissapointment and way too long to get the point across .
 The basic idea is interesting and held my attention for a while , but eventually lost my interest .
 The book is interesting but not too awakening . It makes you think about your subconscious and instincts when making decisions . If a book is really good , I find it hard to put down . That was not the case with this book .
 This book really grabbed my attention in the first few pages with its description of an art forgery , but things really slowed down about a third of the way into the book . The only other part that was really interesting to me was Gladwell 's description of John Gottman 's research with couples . That 's about it . Most of the other examples were down right boring . I found myself looking at how many pages I had left . Worst of all , after finishing the book , I had no idea what the point of it was . Gladwell spends the first half of the book explaining why we should trust our gut instinct , but spends the last half demonstrating how our gut instinct can be wrong . I had to read almost 300 pages for that ?
 Blink by Malcolm Gladwell
 The author is smart enough to pen down -LRB- and cash in -RRB- what we already know ... to trust our instincts . The first and the second last chapters are definitely an interesting read . In between these two chapters all he does is to narrate examples of supposedly -LRB- i havent heard of any of these people -RRB- famous people on how they trusted their 2-second snap decisions / judgements . The author has made very little attempt to give any sort of insight on how our instincts really work . I must agree with one reader that its like going through psychology 101 . The only part I truly enjoyed reading was the piece of information on autism.All said , I must admit the author did a good job in collecting data and he sure knows how to write . I have no doubt we will see more of his books in future ... lets just hope he writes something better.Buy this book when the price drops to 5 bucks .
 I felt that the author skipped around quite a bit in the story . Part of the book was like Marketing 101 . I was disappointed .
 Gladwell begins with a story about a supposed Greek statue that some experts , using scientific testing , could not detect as a fruad , while others were immediately suspicious . -LRB- So , some people look at the forest for immediate clues , before examining the trees in detail . -RRB- Another example involved a single tennis expert with an uncanny knack of foretelling when someone was about to double-fault . -LRB- The bad news is that he could not relate how this was done . Thus , what this proves is beyound me . -RRB- Still another revolved around an officer playing a `` rogue MidEast commander '' vs. the regular Army . Anyone who has been in government knows that it moves at glacial speed , and can easily be outdone by much smaller groups with a modicum of intelligence and speed -LRB- eg . Lockheed 's `` Skunk Works , '' and Burt Rutan 's `` space ship . '' -RRB- . So the rogue officer 's success is hardly suprising.To say that quick decisions - based on a few KEY VARIABLES - is better than studied analyses that include a multitude of minor issues is hardly surprising either . -LRB- And then there 's the chapter on `` Action Without Thought '' - the Reality of Executive Behavior '' within `` Executive Intelligence '' by Justin Menkes providing examples that demoan the lack of thinking by business leaders . -RRB- Finally , readers need to keep in mind that there will always be statistical abberations - eg . someone who correctly predicts the flip of a coin 50 times in a row . However , that does not prove that they have any special talent , and they are just as likely to be wrong as right on the next toss.Similarly , finding snap judgements superior to supposedly sophisticated statistical models does not necessarily support a conclusion supporting snap judgements - many statistical models are poorly specified and have embarrasingly large errors.Not worth reading .
 I really wanted to like this book . I was excited when I bought it . But the book does n't deliver.The stories are interesting in the sense you could use them as material for small talk . Yet , I finished the book with no idea of what was the point . And that 's not good . The book goes on and on with examples and explanations but not once gives you an idea on how to improve your snap judgments . If you are looking for that kind of info do n't buy this book . Maybe the author is planning to teach that in his next book ? I 'd never buy it * blink *
 This book could probably be anywhere from a 1/3rd to a 1/4th as big as it is ; if not a pamphlet . Maybe the 2d star I gave it is too altruistic . But I will credit it with a few good points.For what it purports to write about , it 's WAY WAY too heavily larded down with minutiae and details to the point of the reader starting to doze off , break concentration from Gladwell 's aggregate point , or both . Gladwell really needs to take a course on/in brevity.As much as I tried to give it a chance in spite of what the coverflap said of who the author 's written for , I can understand why he writes for them and why they hired him.Definitely near the bottom of my list of recommends .
 I bought this book because the introductory story about the Statue That Did n't Look Right fasinated me.The author 's propositions are that :1 . Decisions made very quickly can be as good as decisions made cautiously and deliberately .2 . Our unconscious is a powerful force .3 . Our snap judgements and first impressions can be educated and control.This book was organized in such a way that the rest of the chapters after the introduction were devoted to proving that the three propositions really work . Psychological tests and theories , including the `` thin slicing '' , were brought in to support them.But can I rely on my instinct every time I make a decision ? NO !! According to the author , snap decision can turn out to be wrong as well.So what I gained from reading this book was almost nothing . The book stops short of telling me how to harness my snap decisions so that they are right most of the time . And that is no surpise . I do n't expect anyone can tell me that.Is it entertaining to read ? Only the Introduction is . The rest , that is devoted on psychological stuff , is boring .
 Like someone allready said , it 's a bunch of stories with no conclusion to it -LRB- and yes there even is a conclusion chapter . . but guess what . . it 's another story -RRB-
 I was fascinated by the beginning of this book . Gladwell did a good job of bringing me in . I really enjoyed learning about how the brain works and processes information before we consciously recognize what we have seen . When he started his social agenda and race issues I had to force myself to finish the book . At the end of the book I felt like I was reading something from an angry citizen who felt that police officers were out to get the minority population . He should have stopped the book 100 pages sooner .
 I got the book because of the number of reviews . I started reading it and I did n't get the first part so I continue until I got to the middle . Nothing special . Just a lot of research from the author but nothing I can really take and use . It was a waste of my money and time . I do n't know if I need to get to the end to really understand the value of the book but currently in the middle of it I am bored and I do n't want to continue . So I decided to stop and got another book . I hope I am wrong and I hope there is something else that I am missing . Maybe I will give it another try later this year but currently I am very disappointed with this book .
 There 's very little substance here . The basic idea is laid out in the early chapters and most of the rest of the book are anecdotal examples . It is interesting and well-written , however ; even if a rather superficial . Keep in mind also
 The premise behind this book is to enable/train the reader to learn how to `` thin slice '' a person or situation and gain `` instant knowledge '' with very little input . The author goes on and on about various examples of how many people were able to do this . However , that 's not exactly what is going on . In the first example , he uses a story about a statue that one muesuem bought that turned out to be a fake . Several experts were able to just look at the statue and get a `` feeling '' or a `` strong sense '' that it was a fake . They could n't explain how they knew , they just knew . This is what the author wants you to be able to tap into.The reason that these experts were able to do that is because they are EXPERTS ! The know what to look for instinctively . It 's like an inspector examining something in their off time . They know what to look for . I have a friend who loves movies . He really enjoys pointing out the dot in the upper right corner of a movie . He tells me that they come in pairs all the time . Guess what ... he is in the movie production industry . That is how he knows.Chapter 5 is more than thin slicing . It is more along the lines of thick slicing . It totally goes against the whole premise of the book . Why would an author stick something in there that does n't support his basic idea?The nice part is that this book leads the reader to real material . You can look up the refereneces for some real reading . The author mentions Dr. Paul Ekman . Great stuff there!Also , the book is a very easy read . It is a fun read . It gives enough information that you feel like you did read something , but it is definitely nothing that I would reference in real work .
 If you want to be enlightened or entertained by this book like I did , you will be sadly disappointed . According to Malcolm , we must strive to rid ourselves of the horrible limiting stereotypes we have of African Americans and females , etc. . However , while it is important that we do that , it is still okay to stereotype individuals experiencing Autism . In fact , he shares a few based on one study with one individual experiencing autism and expects the reader to be as ignorant of the subject as he is .
 I did n't finish blink , made it two-thirds of the way through . The whole premise is stupid to me , and the most bothersome part is that while the author tosses around buzz terms like thin slicing and this so-called built in ability to laser through the troublesome act of actually reflecting on a comprehensive picture , he never really touches on the fact that 9 out of 10 of his examples are the result of expert ability based on 20 + years of dedication to the respective discipline , or riding on the shoulders of the equally applied efforts of someone else . And what really bothers me is how many people flock to this * & % as this wonderful new way of thinking . I made it as far as I did because the anecdotes are entertaining , but c'mon gim me a break , and jeesh .
 I found that overall , Blink does not work well in Audio CD format . Gladwell uses the same words and expressions and concepts over and over . If I hear the phrase , `` thin slicing '' again , I might scream . It becomes highly repetitive and irritating . In my opinion , he speaks too slowly , and softly , which exacerbates the problem . If one were reading the book , one could skip forward or read more quickly to control this problem , and his voice would n't be an issue.As a general comment on the CD -- and I assume this applies to the book as well -- I found that Gladwell was not very scientific . And yet , he acts like he is . Numerous assumptions are made when describing the results of certain studies , tests , and situations , and WHY they turned out a particular way . I found myself feeling irritated as the Cd attempted to push me into accepting the explanations proferred by Gladwell or the social ` scientists ' whose work he was describing.I also think that ultimately Gladwell does not do a good job of actually pinning down the subject , or providing a very cohesive framework for it . He explores issues of faulty and correct decision making , and the CD provides a lot of food for thought , but if you think you will be able to increase your own decision making powers after listening to this tape , do n't bet on it . The stories of how impressions can be accurate or inaccurate -- regarding the authenticity of art objects , whether couples divorce , how to determine whether an artist can sell records , New Coke , issues of racial bias , etc. -- are all interesting , but do n't leave one with a day to day framework for making decisions in one 's everyday life . Generally , one is left with -- be an expert , but do n't over examine the issue to death or apart from a specific whole , make sure you are being objective , get a quick look at some types of things , but only in certain circumstances , sometimes you ca n't do a quick review unless you are aware of a key factor , beware of biases like looks and race , etc. . Um ... I either already knew it , or it 's too vague to apply .
 Just a short note to mention that while some of the thoughts and stories in the book are pretty interesting , as a whole it is not cohesive and often self contradictory . It 's written a bit like a first year term paper ... all over the place with no direction . Skip it .
 I purchased the book because of all the hype and was not very impressed . I suppose if you desire to overanalyze life you may enjoy it . I came away from the book with very little and was quite disappointed .
 After my first `` blink '' , I should have gone with my first instinct ... and put this book down .
 When I first saw this book on the shelf , it caught my attention . Blink ! ... So I check it out , `` thinking , without thinking . '' Making split second decisions with great results , etc. . . I look at the back , and I see this guy with a big poofy head of hair and a lame suit , that has wrote a book about making great decisions in a split second . My first thought , and I should have listened to it was ... DO N'T BUY THIS BOOK , waste of time . But , I the thought , ah , what the hek , it ca n't be that bad , and I may find something useful in it . Anyway , I 'm about half-way through the book and today , as I was exercising on a lifestride and reading through his generalization based theories , without any supporting evidence , I seriously contemplated throwing the book down on the ground and letting my sweat saturate it and let it rot , but , I remembered something , someone told me once , you have to take the good with the bad , and seemings how I 'm half way through , I might as well finish , and take it as a learning experience . One thing I have learned from this is , yes , I was a sucker , yes they are born everyday , and yes , anyone can write a freakin book and people will buy it . I ca n't believe this piece of garbage was published . And by the way ... This is my first on-line review , that I have ever written , about a book , a movie , or anything . The fact that I am posting here is a testament to how much this book pissed me off with it 's ignorance . This may sound somewhat harsh , but it really annoys me when I spend good money on something and it turns out to be trash - as I 'm sure most folks feel the same.I seriously contemplated writing another book , just to contradict his empty theories and make him look like an idiot , but I 'm sure after you read this , that will not be necessary for anyone with half a brain cell . I guess in the end though , he made some bucks off it , so he probably could care less.GOOD LUCK!PS . . I just read over more reviews of this book , to see what other folks thought -LRB- main reason I came here -RRB- and Gil Rosenburg 's review was one I wish I read prior to reading this book . If you want to read a good book , look elsewhere . I just finished The Rule of Four and it was very good - albeit a different genre .
 This book is magnificent ; do n't buy it through Amazon though since I never received it but was charged for it .
 I really wanted to like this book before reading it . I had heard so much about it and though perhaps it had potential , but alas , no . It was just horrible . I do n't really have anything good to say about it . I just ca n't believe it 's garnered as much media time as it has . Do n't waste your time on this book .
 Real life examples -LRB- that in this book are long , repetitve and often not conclusive -RRB- should usually back up a certain theory -LRB- snap judgment , in this case -RRB- not totaly replace it , as the author did .
 I am one of those that absolutely loved `` The Tipping Point '' . However , `` Blink '' seems more to be a series of anecdotes in search of theme instead of , as in Tipping , a new insight into how things work , supported by a series of examples . The cover `` looks like Blink '' but the text is a far different creature . Wish I would have spent the time rereading Blink ...
 Way to long for the content delivered . Essentially one big idea ; experience , and I guess a little personality typing , makes for solid `` gut '' decision making . So much for the old saying `` do n't judge a book by its cover '' . If these ideas are implemented in the business world -LRB- I am an executive in the computer software industry -RRB- I guess it could lead to some real decision making efficiencies . On the other hand I can see the `` shoot from the hip types '' using Blink to justify their ongoing lack of elbow grease ! By the way , the Tipping Point by the same author is a 5 star read ... ca n't win them all .
 The basic idea of the book , repeated over and over again , is that sometimes people make decisions in the blink of any eye . Some of the decisions are good , and some are bad.Profoundly superficial throughout , but well-written and kudos to Mr. Gladwell for trying .
 Gladwell begins with a story about a supposed Greek statue that some experts , using scientific testing , could not detect as a fruad , while others were immediately suspicious . -LRB- So , some people look at the forest for immediate clues , before examining the trees in detail . -RRB- Another example involved a single tennis expert with an uncanny knack of foretelling when someone was about to double-fault . -LRB- The bad news is that he could not relate how this was done . Thus , what this proves is beyound me . -RRB- Still another revolved around an officer playing a `` rogue MidEast commander '' vs. the regular Army . Anyone who has been in government knows that it moves at glacial speed , and can easily be outdone by much smaller groups with a modicum of intelligence and speed -LRB- eg . Lockheed 's `` Skunk Works , '' and Burt Rutan 's `` space ship . '' -RRB- . So the rogue officer 's success is hardly suprising.To say that quick decisions - based on a few KEY VARIABLES - is better than studied analyses that include a multitude of minor issues is hardly surprising either.Finally , readers need to keep in mind that there will always be statistical abberations - eg . someone who correctly predicts the flip of a coin 50 times in a row . However , that does not prove that they have any special talent , and they are just as likely to be wrong as right on the next toss.Similarly , finding snap judgements superior to supposedly sophisticated statistical models does not necessarily support a conclusion supporting snap judgements - many statistical models are poorly specified and have embarrasingly large errors.Finally , would Gladwell ride a 747 designed in a manner he describes , buy a car similarly designed , invest in a corporation investigated in a style he supports here?Not worth reading .
 After reading this book I felt like saying , yeah , so what ? The observations within are completely self evident to anyone who has taken the time to think about them and his conclusions based on these observations are nothing new either .
 This book was an easy enjoyable read , but I have n't gotten anything new out of it . If you are a reader of `` pop '' writing , you might enjoy it and find it informative . I was looking to learn something new , and I was dissapointed . At the end , it was n't worth the money I paid for it .
 This is the kind of book that gives publishing a bad name . The central thesis of this book - that those who are well trained in an area of study can be incredibly good at making judgments using only a few pieces of essential information - is the stuff of a short magazine article . And since Mr. Gladwell writes for the New Yorker , it probably was the stuff of a too long magazine article.What Mr. Gladwell has tried to do is dress up a somewhat interesting idea for a dentist office type magazine article into a full-fledged book . In the process , he has made a huge mess . This book is all about asides , amusing anecdotes , and often poor scholarship and poor interpretations of existing works.I know that the price of Manhattan real estate has gone through the roof and rents are ridiculous . But Mr. Gladwell made a ton of money with his first book . He can afford just about any condo he wants . He does n't have to embarrass himself by writing a mindless piece of candy like this.This book is all about ego and greed . Essentially , Mr. Gladwell has nothing useful to say . He just goes on and on in a meandering fashion writing about nothing . It 's like a well-written undergraduate research paper full of b.s. designed to con a professor . In this case both the publisher and Mr. Gladwell are trying to con the public out of 20 dollar bills . Apparently , they are succeeding .
 Blink claims to explore the power of `` rapid cognition '' and `` snap judgments '' i.e. - intuition and gut feelings.The book starts promisingly enough , but it 's unwilling to take a stand on rapid cognition and snap judgments , and their usefulness in life . In fact , the author basically concludes that snap judgments are sometimes good , sometimes bad . In otherwords , he 's unable to make a judgment.I was given the book by a friend who thought it would help me make better decisions , but the fact is Gladwell spends little if any time discussing how rapid cognition can help us in our daily lives.Worse , the author -LRB- who 's half of African descent -RRB- spends much of the book discussing the problems of snap judgments in the context of discrimination against African Americans . Racism is a terrible thing , but that 's not the advertised focus of this book . If you buy this book , you 'll spend a lot of time and money hearing this author 's manifesto on the ill-treatment of African Americans.Finally , the book also discusses the concept of `` thin-slicing , '' and indeed this book appears to be thin-sliced . For what is a fascinating topic , the author only skims the surface , and the result is a short book with relatively few words per page . I almost get the feeling he was rushing out the door to his next NYC cocktail party.If you 're considering buying this book , I suggest you make a `` snap judgment '' not to .
 Bits and pieces are interesting . Especially for anyonewho knows nothing about human physiologicalresponse under pressure . By the same token , ifyou * don &#8217; t * know anything , this bookwill be very confusing.Before -LRB- or instead of -RRB- try : In the Gravest Extremeby Massad F. AyoobAyoob Files
 after reading all the hype and best seller list propaganda , i was extremely disappointed to find out it was just another self help book that rehashes previous chapters throughout and offers no real content.typically a traditional self help book would offer some sort of exercise , usually with regards to the topic of the book . Maybe offer you some tools to work with towards your `` embetterment '' -LRB- thanks Bush -RRB- . In this case recognizing your `` rapid cognition '' , otherwise known to everyone else as intuition , and how you may start understanding and working with it in its quick , micro-second changes . i.e. why does * particular scenario * make you react so quickly without thinking . this book promises to help you notice these minimal changes and to work with them . say your kid does something stupid and you immediately blow up at them . well this book , idealistically , would help you recognize and analyze that process and work with it . unfortunately this book provides nothing but a series of unsatisfying research and drawl stories that go on for ever , referencing each other without reason , content , or even climax . hmm , similar to this review ... maybe next time malcom you 'll be pulled over for fraud , and not your hair : P
 Boring , repetitive , indulgent , no concrete advice or solutions , endless anecdotes that he manages to maker all about him . For the first time in my life I am going to throw a book away so I do n't subject anyone else to this drivel . Utter rubbish , do n't bother.I just lost 3 days of my life .
 I found Blink to be superficial with no serious insights . Its basic premise is to trust your snap judgement but only if you have sufficient knowledge to do so . Its other points are to think outside the box and do n't get bogged down in the minuteness of knowledge.Although easy to read and somewhat enjoyable there is nothing new here , so move along.I 've also read Malcom Gladwell 's `` Ouliers '' which I would rate higher because it did contain some new insights for me , but it was still basic pop sociology .
 A collection of random stories that never quite seem to gel into supporting a hypothesis or premise . Agree that it seemed like a published collection of mildly interesting magazine articles .
 If I had the ability to judge a book 's quality at a blink , I would not have bought this book . The book has some interesting facts , and interesting facts are all that the book has . Its logic is incomplete and thus its conclusion can be misleading . Furthermore , it fails to analyze or explain the reasons of those interesting facts . I got an `` ok , so what ? '' feeling after reading the book.Here 's an example . The author 's argument is that we can judge a person we have never met before in a nanosecond and still tend to be correct . He uses the evident of college students judging their professors at their first class . The logic is
 I picked up this book because it had reviews written in the jacket stating that `` I could n't put it down '' by qualified reviewers . Well , I could and did put it down . I skimmed many pages because of boredom and lack of merit.If you 're interested in this topic in general , find another book about developing your intuitive self , because that 's really what `` Blink '' is about , even though the word intuition does n't come up ...
 Blink ! what seemed like a fascinating subject pulled me in and then after 100 pages I put it down . Just like that , in a flash of a moment or a blink , I decided I ca n't finish this book . Might have made a fascinating magazine article in New Yorker magazine but like that magazine this book just started boring me . Blink .
 This book was extremely well written and the overall premise was quite interesting.However , the author gets mired down in his own thoughts at times , lacks a cohesive centralized point , and the end result is a bunch of scattered writings that are well-written but unnecessarily verbose and leave you wondering whether you should continue reading.I forced myself to continue reading this book simply because I enjoyed the author 's writing style . Plus , I thought his individual articles about the possiblities of the mind making rational/irrational decisions was quite fascinating . In essence , the subject matter was great , but the book really lacked in conveying a centralized meaning . It did whet my appetite to learn more about this subject , so I suppose that is a good thing.I give this book 2 stars simply because Gladwell is an excellent writer and his theory , in general , is great . My recommendation is to skim through the book 's chapters and not invest a great deal of time reading -LRB- unless you enjoy feeling like you are trapped in a verbose nightmare . -RRB-
 It 's kind of like an example in the book
 This was a book club selection that I forced myself to finish . I was very frustrated with this book as it said the same thing over and over again . If I ever hear the term `` thin-slicing '' again , it will be too soon!While some of the examples were good , there was just too much repetition . Basically , it reads like a textbook . I expected to learn how to use the information provided , rather than read the same examples over and over again . This information would have been better shared in a magazine article with a handful of examples . There is no way this book deserved the acclaim it has received . Do not waste your money .
 I want the reader to try an imagine something ... this is something you live with your entire life , you know about it - but you supress it . This something is cognition ... and sometimes your hunches are right and someitmes they are wrong , but here are some cool stories about lucky guesses ! That is basically all Gladwell writes about . He tries to impress you with stories of the rogue general who beat the big bad US , and about the classical archeologist who just felt something was wrong . He tries to tell you about the 1920 election and the most perfect yet ugly chair . He tries to explain that all of these ideas are related to a power none of us can control or really understand . Well it is pretty obviousle that Gladwell himself does n't understand these ideas , so only read this is you want to go no where and learn nothing .
 I ca n't remember the last time that finishing a book caused the feeling I had with Blink . I was angry that I 'd wasted the money to buy this book.It 's not enough to say that this book is bad . The flaw of this book is it 's completely meaningless and irrelevant . And worse , it 's boring . Paint drying boring.Gladwell 's epiphany
 After his bestselling book brought the phrase `` tipping point '' into popular usage , which is that moment when an idea , product or concept suddenly catches fire with the population at large , Malcolm Gladwell now gives us two more phrases that are likely to become equally well-known
 I picked up Blink solely on Gladwell 's prior work , The Tipping Point . I should have allowed thin-slicing to work and passed this by.Oh , if you wish to read what dozens of other researchers have to say about snap judgements and why we make them , it is a passable read . However , if you are looking for the application in your own life ... look elsewhere.Along about page 100 , I wanted to put it down because it seemed to have little to say . Another thin-slice I missed . By the time I got to the end of the book , I felt like my time had been wasted ... not to mention the money . The good news for me is that I got the book at a considerable discount.I agree with one of the other reviewers here , i.e. , `` take a nap , instead ... ''
 Ok ! Now I read this book and thought it would be something totally out of this world -LRB- considering the buzz about it everywhere and nearly every excutive I meet citing terminology from it -RRB- , but after reading it , I feel cheated out of the money I spent on it . So what does this book teach you ? In one word `` nothing '' other than relating a whole spread of stories about people who can take instantaneous decisions . It is very ironical that Gladwell who exhorts to not overanalyse things spends so much time himself on the topic.Bad read for people who aim to learn things , more suited to people who are accustomed to reading publications that provide more gossip and little useful information . I think folks who shop the HSN will identify very well with the Blink way of decision making .
 We all understand that on occasion we can come to immediate and correct opinions -LRB- and choices -RRB- about people and things . Who is lying to us and who is sincere , what product is good and what is bad , what choice to make , what lying rat to NOT go into partnership with . It is so good when we do this and we are proven right in the long run . We wish we could make all the decisions in our life immediately and correctly . If you are hoping that this book will give you some insight into how you can make more good and immediate decisions in your life you can forget about finding it in this book.This writer has the ability to puff up what should be a 3 page Reader 's Digest article into 300 pages -LRB- albeit big print -RRB- and then present you with no real conclusions other than the fact that the more experience you have the better your self-conscious will help you to make good decisions , quickly . Hip Hip Hurray !!! Give this man a Ph.D. ! Use your experience , and let your subconscious quide you to a good and quick choice ... `` Do n't buy this book '' .
 I am a psychologst who studies implicit/nonconscious phenomena and its relationship to explicit/conscious phenomena . Much of this book is based on junk science . The author seems not to have done his homework . It may be enjoyable to read , but it should be read as being a slanted consideration of the relevant scientific literatures .
 He promotes his book as a new contribution to the way we see and think , and that you would chance the way you see the world . He called it blink or thin-slice . However , he just rediscover the wheel because thin-slice is pretty much a synonimous of `` clinic eye '' and this concept is very old . For instance , I heard about clinic eye about 15 years ago , and I know that it was not something new at that time . Clinic eye is like when you mechanic tells you what is wrong with you car in a few seconds by just looking its smock . Clinic eye is when a police think somebody is suspicious by just looking on his behavior and look in a few seconds . Clinic eye is when you mother tell you that somebody would not be a good fried in a few seconds by just looking at him . Pretty much this book is about `` clinic eye '' , but he called it `` thin slice '' . The book would not teach you how to improve this skill or how to developed this skill , but it will give you a bunch of examples of clinic eye that pretty much you wont need . IT IS OFFICIAL , THIS BOOK WAS ABSOLUTELY A WASTE OF MY TIME . PLEASE DONT READ IT !! .
 Malcolm Gladwell writes the book like the reporter that he is . All the relevant information is presented in the first few chapters
 I thought the examples were good . If the research was accurately presented , it was compelling . The problem I had with the book is that it never presented any information on how one can work to develop one 's own `` blink '' ability . There is the suggestion that it is possible to develop this capacity . I felt like a salesman had gotten me all excited about the features of this new , fabulous , remarkable car , then walked away from me refusing to work with me to buy it . SUMMARY
 Gladwell writes in an engaging manner , but his methods are suspect . Thousands of psychological experiments are conducted each year at universities around the world in an effort to advance knowledge . Cherry-picking the ones with broad appeal and presenting them -LRB- out of context and without mention of their methodological constraints -RRB- is just plain wrong . Fine for a superficial understanding of certain topics . Read Roy Baumeister for a better integration of experimental findings and real-world concerns.Note to Gladwell
 Blink is disappointing.The theme is good . The value of snap judgments and thin-slicing is useful . And enjoyable . And entertaining.So what is wrong?Well , Gladwell says it all in the first 5 pages . The rest of the book is examples , and more examples and many more examples.He should have realized that we will ` get it ' in a blink . And then left us alone . Except for the beginning , the book is probabaly aimed at satisfying the minimum word count for publication.Just read the reviews and summaries . The book has nothing to add .
 `` Trust your instinct except when it 's wrong '' . There , I just saved you $ 10 . No kidding , that sentence is the entire book . Sorry Gladwell fans , I must say this book is terrible . For the first few chapters , Gladwell talks about all these instances where lives , money , and prestige were saved thanks to people who trusted their instincts -LRB- or where all this was lost , because people did not trust their instincts -RRB- . So you 're thinking , great , you should trust your instincts . Then without warning , all his stories start to shift to ones where people trusted their instincts and turned out to be wrong . The End . And you 're left wondering , why did I just read 10 stories where people who trusted their instincts were sometimes right and sometimes wrong ? Of course that would happen.Skip this book .
 This book uses a lot of words to say very little . Basically , snap judgements and gut reactions are the result of very quick processing of information by our subconscious mind , and if we try to think hard about why we feel the way we do , we 'll come up empty because that information is n't accessible by our conscious minds . So we should trust our intuition ... except that we should n't , because our gut reaction can also reveal our inner racist and cause us to elect people like Warren Harding . So we should n't trust it ... except that many major decisions can and should be made using a very small amount of information , because too much will hinder your decision-making process ... but you ca n't know which information is critical without a lengthy and detailed study of all possible factors . So ... trust your gut only if you 're highly trained and not under very much stress . I guess . I was tempted to put down this book several times , but the writing style is actually quite engaging , and I had faith that the author would somehow tie up all his suppositions into some kind of generalized theory . He does n't . He shares a lot of marginally interesting anecdotes , but I was definitely unimpressed . So if you enjoy arbitrary and often conflicting psychological conclusions supported by loads and loads of case studies from a large variety of fields -LRB- from New Coke to marriages to police brutality -RRB- , you will like this book . If you 're looking for a cohesive explanation or even a concrete argument one way or another , you will be left wanting .
 Perhaps `` Waste of Time '' is a bit harsh of a description for this book . While there are concepts and ideas inside that may be fresh to most people , some of the subjects Gladwell focuses on can be a bit boring or even a stretch to back up his point . He talks about how Coke changed their formula after the Pepsi taste tests showed people in favor of Pepsi , and a police force that guns down a child they thought was pulling out a gun that was actually a wallet.In regards to the stories Gladwell uses to back himself up , he gets into explaining how our tastes change when we consume larger or smaller quantities of a product , which is why Pepsi fared better in taste tests . He also got into how causing people to describe their feelings ended up changing the outcome of test results . I guess he was trying to prove how initial feelings can be different than secondary ones , but is this really a new concept?In the beginning of the book there was something strange about him saying that he was only going to focus on what he calls `` thin slicing '' -LRB- a term he uses annoyingly often -RRB- , and was n't going to wander off into other topics . Why would you have to say this to the reader ? I find when authors try setting up thier books in such a way , they end up straying from their original intended purpose as Gladwell greatly does . While he says he spent a long time writing this book , the topics he chooses seem somewhat of a stretch to his original point that snap decisions are usually the best ones.What does all this tell us ? At the end I ca n't say I have a convincing argument as to how snap decisions -LRB- thin-slicing -RRB- are better . In life I have found myself glad for not making quick decisions , rewarded by balancing all of the correct data . I feel as if Gladwell could just as easily write a book as to why weighing all the options equally prove to be just as rewarding .
 I have been a major Malcolm Gladwell fan for years . But for all of the hype this book has attracted -LRB- and that might well be part of the problem -RRB- , this one does n't even come close to meeting the standards of his past efforts in terms of the calibre of the research , fresh perspective , new insights and writing . I have found that much of his work in The New Yorker of late falls short on the same counts . Perhaps he has forgotten that less is more and that his fans expect him to meet the high bar and standard he set for himself in the past ? Or maybe someone should tell his publisher to stop hounding him for more books that do n't make the grade to fill their pipeline ?
 The author references some very interesting studies , including how one professor is able to predict with 95 % accuracy whether or not a married couple will still be married in 15 years by observing the couple for 1 hour and identifying some key behaviors . Overall though , the author never forms conclusions that can be applied to life . After reading the book , I wonder to myself , how am I better informed about making snap judgements than I was before ? I honestly do n't think I am . Good start to the book . Poor finish . Also , many of his anecdotes are lengthier than they need to be . All-and-all , it 's thought-provoking , but not instructional at all .
 This book is a classic example of how good editorial style masks the flaws of poor writing . The thought leadership in Blink could fill a postcard -- at most a sheet of note paper , if you wrote in big , loopy cursive . But Gladwell 's anecdotes are entertaining -LRB- if loosely tied to the premise -RRB- and his prose clips along -LRB- if repetitively -RRB- , making for a mildly entertaining read.The first half of `` Blink '' is about why you should trust your instincts -LRB- the orchestra story -RRB- . The second half is about why you should n't -LRB- the Amadou Diallo story -RRB- . And very little effort is made to reconcile this self-canceling arrangement . As for the promised `` how to improve '' and `` how to overcome '' sections , they largely fail to materialize.On a positive note , the book is self-fulfilling in one way . My first thought when I saw Blink is that it was another phatic suit-narcotic . Now that I 've read it , I can confirm empirically that my instinct was correct .
 Gladwell can write , that 's for sure . It 's not often that I can finish 250 pages of utter B.S. . The claim was essentially regressing psychology . To me , it suggested that anecdotal evidence was often more valid than empirical evidence . Anyone who has ever studied a science knows that is a rrrrridiculous statement.Basically , Gladwell described the remarkable gut instincts of experts of a particular field . The truth is , he was describing a population of elites , not normal people . This book was advertised as a book that could be useful and enlightening , but I would say it 's more akin to reading Teen People or whatever you may see while standing in the line of the grocery store . In short , some people are exceptional and different . I 'm so glad I read a whole book to have that illustrated for me over and over and over and over again!Logically , I have to pan this book because of its lack of pragmatic value , however , it was a somewhat entertaining read . Some of the experiments described where interesting -LRB- although validity was rarely discussed -RRB- and the flow of the writing was engaging.My conclusion is that Gladwell would do well to try a different topic that he is better suited for , and if psychology and cognition is his expertise , then he should stop insulting the reader by glorifying anecdotal evidence
 I thought this book would be interesting . I was disappointed . Starts off talking about a statue in the Getty Museum . Trained experts ran tests and were sure the statue was genuine -LRB- from 600 BC or so -RRB- . Other authorities on art did not run tests , but could tell just from looking at the statue that something was not quite right . However , with all their training and education , they could not put their thoughts into words . This is `` blink '' . When you decide something , based on your past experience . Your decison may be right or wrong , depending on what your past experience is.So , stuff you already knew , basically . Because we all know things we do n't know how we know , we just know . But personally , I have enough sense to know when I do n't know . Gladwell thinks that Warren Harding was elected president solely because he fit the American 's ideal of what a president should look like . I must have missed the `` What An American President Should Look Like '' class in 5th grade.Gladwell kind of jumps around . He talks about a professor who studies married couples , and based on whether they show contempt toward each other -LRB- rolling eyes -RRB- , can predict whether or not they 'll get a divorce and in how long . What 's the point of this ? Is this important work ? Gladwell also introduces a used car salesman , who never jumps to conclusions based on someone 's race , sex or attire , and offers the same price to everybody . He 's fair , and he makes a lot of sales through word of mouth and repeat customers . Something any car salesman could learn if he/she had been in business long enough . So - that 's not blinking.Gladwell does n't back up his stories with any proof . It all comes across as his own flawed opinion , or maybe just some hokey made-up stories , and I 'm not buying it . I thin-sliced and decided not to finish this book . Luckily I did n't contribute to his wealth since I borrowed it from the library.Interesting idea , but Gladwell does less than nothing with it .
 This book is 50 % `` thin slicing '' , 50 % lesson on stereotyping , and no real explanation on how to improve our already innate ability to thin slice . `` Do n't rush to judgement without a sufficient knowledge of the subject and do n't question yourself too much if you have sufficient knowledge of the subject '' . That 's pretty much the whole book in a couple sentences .
 Although at times this book could be quite interesting , I found it to be unenjoyable . Often I felt as though the author was talking down to the reader and wasting time explaining himself too much.Gladwell does a decent job of introducing topics and concepts , but spends too much time telling explanatory stories and not enough time expanding upon the princpals behind them . Even with my rudementary understanding of psychology I often felt like I could have written a more through explanation of some of the topics . Perhaps Gladwell has a great many accolades in the area of psychology that I am unaware of , but after reading this book I have no reason to think that he does.If you are looking for an easy read that will not rot your brain or challenge it too much , this is a good book for you . However , if you wish to delve into the workings of the human mind and read something of a challenge then keep looking . I would reccomend Dr. Viktor Frankl 's < U > Man 's Search For Meaning < / U > as it provides much deeper analysis from the unique perspective of a concentration camp survivor .
 An effusive monologue fortified with contrived oversimplifications does not make something factual or profound . In the end - I am right back where I started - only slightly chagrined for expecting to have gleaned some cogent insight regarding the recent advances in cognitive science in exchange for time invested.Granted , he 's a deft writer . However , if you 've had a college level introduction to psychology - you will struggle holding back natural questions that one would assume he would address in the succeeding pages - but no . Consequently , your `` bovine excreta detector '' will -LRB- or should -RRB- remain illuminated throughout the entire book .
 I read Outliers and I decided to buy Blink as well . It seemed like a good idea . BLINK is possibly the worst book ever written and believe you me , i will return it to amazon for a full refund . I have never felt so strongly about a book.THERE ARE NO LESSONS LEARNED from this book but mere long and boring examples of fast thinking . OH GOD ! If I can save one person from buying it , my job is complete !
 I 'm sorry , I must be way out in left field or somewhere . I missed something . I stayed with the boring statistics but Life is short , so get to the nitty gritty , and give us what you promised . Unfortunately the author does n't follow through . It 's been referred to as a hunch , a sixth sense , even just a feeling . And we 're probably all familiar with this stuff . Nothing new here at all , however , it would have been nice if a smidgen of information regarding how one could use the information reliably was provided as promised . Who are they that give high ratings to this ilk . Hey , I want my money back .
 It starts out very nicely , it makes you to read more and more in the beginning . However , as I was turning pages after pages , I lost the main point . When I reached the conclusion part , I said to myself ... so what was the point of this book ? This book had too many examples and yes it 's fun to read results of those psychological experiments and real life examples but they were just too much , I coudl n't connect the dot at the end .
 the logical extension of the author 's contradictory thesis is essentially that prejudice and thoughtlessness are better tools for judgment than deliberation and evidence . what would gladwell make of racial profiling ? is n't that blink ? and are n't most the examples he gives the results of EXPERTS ' informed judgment and NOT blink ? the only reason this book got published is Gladwell 's connections .
 This was much ado about nothing . Do n't understand the good reviews on this book . I kept reading thinking it was going to actually say something , but finally had to toss it .
 Blink flies by too fast . It was to me like reading a series of newpaper articles . But very interesting nevertheless .
 A better -LRB- and I think , more accurate -RRB- title would be Bllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllink.It actually put me to sleep on several occasions , then I just gave up and quit reading it .
 I think this book would be a pleasurable and interesting read for those of you who have never taken a psychology or biology course in college -LRB- or even high school -RRB- . I am very interested in the human mind and have taken a few psychology courses in college , and I thought that this book would enhance my knowledge . Unfortunately , there was absolutely nothing new that I took away from this book . It was basically an over-simplified repition of things taught on the very first day of an introductory psychology class . If your time is valuable to you and you really want to learn something substantial on the subject , do n't bother with this book .
 This book is more of a collection of short lackluster stories that have no real bearing with the true purpose of this book -LRB- even if there are any bearings , the author is done a poor job of articulating them -RRB- It 's too late for me but you please save yourself some time and money by not buying this book
 This book is based on the observation that , for better or worse , we make decisions in the blink of an eye and that the ability to `` thin slice '' information is often crucial for timely action . This is all well and good , but I was hoping for information on how to cultivate this skill , avoid misusing it , etc. . All the book gives is example after example , after example . Might be worth reading if you 've never thought about it before .
 My sister recommended I get this product and I generally take her advice , so I jumped on this without thinking . I am easy to please , a good story or meaningful self help idea is always appreciated.Having said that , I would not recommend this product . It felt to me as if the author was writing a PhD dissertation with this audio . He went into such colorful detail on tangential themes in order to attempt to relay his points that it became difficult even in the car to sit and listen to . His points were not that difficult to relay , but one got the idea that he had to fill space/time , and a lot of it . That is exactly what he did.Unfortunately , I ca n't even say that his ideas were very creative . It was a serious chore to listen to the 6 or so CDs , I NEVER would have sat and read this material.For those people that prefer to get to the meat of a subject and do not have the luxury of having immense amounts of time needlessly wasted , I can not recommend this product .
 I bought this book just because of all the noise surrounding it as being one of the best sellers , etc. . Well , all what this book is saying is that you should trust your subconscious because your first impression or decision is basically your best . Although this whole idea is arguable , yet it is very old and everybody knows about it , so buy the book ???
 The third tape in both copies I received was from the abridged version while the rest were from the unabridged .
 one of he cd -LRB- -RRB- no 2was dameged and in no shape for playingits ashame i am not pleased at allDR mishali moshe
 Interesting enough but to add any real depth and concrete info Mr. Gladwell should do further research into the conscious and unconscious minds . The entire book discussed the surface matter -LRB- Blink -RRB- but without any clue about the actual foundation -LRB- namely the conscious and unconscious minds -RRB- . I was very disappointed with the book as there was no significant conclusion or something concrete I could take away that would have meant the time I used reading the book was worthwhile . The book is just story after story that backs up his blink theory ... I got it after the first 2 and did not need to read another 20 all saying and proving the exact same thing . Meaningless and pointless and yes I 'm disappointed because this was my first Gladwell book and it will definitely be my last .
 A book filled with flabby logic and intellectual laziness . Very frustrating , as I concur with the underlying premise that we should recognize and employ our gut reactions . This is a popular journalist 's version of a subject better handled by someone with more expertise .
 In the ` blink ' of an eye , I knew this book would be a waste of my time , yet I continued to read it because I wanted to give it a chance . After all , everyone and their mom was raving about what an ` enlightening ' experience this book was . Gladwell does little more than give new examples to old ideas , and I 'm not really sure if he thinks split-second decisions are a good thing or a bad thing . I quit reading after the chapter about Van Riper 's big victory , so maybe all the interesting stuff is in the end of the book -LRB- I would n't know because I kept falling asleep by this time -RRB- . This book was overrated . If you want to hear a bunch of mindless psychobable , just watch the Dr. Phil show -LRB- cbs 4et ,3 ct -RRB-
 This book has absolutely no information . It is just a collection of stories which are vaguely connected to the idea of subconsciousness .
 On the average I read about 6 books a month . In the last 12 months this is the worst book I 've read . It 's not just boring it 's simply awful . Imagine a meal where they served up a decent salad then your second course was another salad not much different than the first , then your entree was a really big salad and the meal was finished off with a desert of , you guessed it by now did n't your , salad.This book is a series of stories about how things happen really fast and that some people can tell really quick whether something is authetic art , a dangerous situation , whether someone is a virtuoso muscian , etc.But the `` meat '' that 's missing from all this salad is the basics of how to develop that skill and whether there is really any difference between intuition and dumb luck.The chapters second guessing law enforcement officers that have to make life and death decisions in nano-seconds is particuliarly egregious.This book is sold on a promise of a premise that would be useful in everyday life . No way , it 's another `` I wrote one interesting book , now I 'm going to take advantage of it as soon as I can with something I 'll throw together as quick as I can '' . this is no `` tipping point '' . Run do n't walk away from this dog .
 Gladwell rambles on for 200 or so pages , yet never makes a solid argument.This book could have been edited down to 5 pages.You 'll learn as much from book jacket as you will from the book .
 The beginning of the book is interesting , but after that the Author begins flailing around trying to make his points . Ultimately on the very last page of the book you learn that apparently the whole purpose of his book is to promote his idea that people on trial should be behind a closed door , and communicate to the Judge and jury through '' ... e-mail or the use of an intermediary . '' The Author repeatedly demonstrates that he is simply trying to use his influence to push a globalist agenda .
 Let me start by saying that each chapter in the book is very interesting , easy to read and engaging . A real page turner from this point of view.Now , having said that , as a whole I could n't see what was the author getting at through the book . The book starts with the premise that some people can make a snap decision about something and be right , which is interesting . But then , the book goes into chapter after chapter of examples on exemptions to this . Which at the end feels like the original premise is completely false . The only conclusion I could get is that some expert in something might be able to make a quick decision and be right , which is mostly chance alone.So in essence I found this book to be mostly unimportant .
 This `` book '' is written as a 10 year old would write an essay.Not worth the price.It 's cr * p. Completely useless .
 I did not like this book because to me it felt like the author is providing unnecessary details to fill pages of a book.The underlying theory is well understood , but the narrative is too verbose .
 I had high hopes for this book . It actually has some insights that are worth listening to . But ultimately it turns into a culturally biased commentary on why you are racist whether you know it or not . Also , we are reminded that the author is better than you , particularly if you are a white male . And finally , he manages to make the book political by using only examples to support his arguments that are out of the liberal playbook of stereotypes and false premises . I actually think some of his points are valid , but if he can not see past his own viewpoint that racism is under every rock and behind every tree -LRB- which is patently false if you are a liberal reading this -RRB- how can you trust any of his conclusions ?
 Most people have always grown up with the belief that good decisions require planning , and lots of time to take in details . Malcolm Gladwell , writer for New Yorker and best-selling author of The Tipping Point , Outliers , and What the Dog Saw
 I absolutely adore Malcolm Gladwell and pretty faithfully follow his work in the New Yorker and on his website , as well as his other works . -LRB- No , I 'm not a stalker , just a fan hee-hee -RRB- . However , I did n't love this book quite as much . I wo n't summarize it again here ; I 'll just leave a few quick complaints .1 . It 's possible to read the last two paragraphs of each chapter and pretty much get the gist of the whole chapter . If the paragraphs leading up to these last two were interesting and thought-provoking , I would n't do this , but by the end , I just wanted to finish .2 . The pattern of each chapter follows a predictable course
 A book obviously intended to entertain as opposed to educate . While the premise is interesting , the science does not support the jumps that Gladwell makes . Read Damasio , Baars , or even Dennett to get a better idea of recent brain science from people actually in the field .
 To start with the positive , this book is very well-written and hooks you in . The author makes great use of interesting stories to highlight points or lead into new discussions . Unfortunately , the stories end up being told to lead you down a very specific path.This book is marketed and touted as being an interesting psychological and science-based discussion of the power of first impressions , gut reactions , and/or intuitive thought . However , the book fails miserably in the credibility department once the reader realizes the author 's social/political agenda . After spending the better part of half the book making the case that snap judgments and shoot from the hip decisions are the key to a better life and more efficient workplace , Gladwell then plays the cards of racism and sexism to suggest , that these sole areas are reserved for careful thought and reason . Gladwell acknowledges at the end of the book in the acknowledgments that one of his motivations for writing the book was his concern for racial stereotypes . He is half black apparently , and was razzed by the police a couple of times in New York city because of his afro . Seriously , he talks about this at the end of the book.If Gladwell wants to write a book about race relations , that is fine . But this book is really a load of pseudoscience laid out to make the case that people need to watch their stereotypes . That last argument is a valid one , but after reading this book I felt that the presentation and marketing of the book was very misleading . In the end , `` blink '' does not make the case or provide any real evidence for the proposition that initial impressions are consistently better than logic and thoughtful decision making . In fact , with all the discussion of racism and sexism , Gladwell shoots himself in the foot and explains just how unfair , foolish , and even dangerous it can be to try and analyze a situation in the `` blink of an eye . ''
 While this book has some fascinating sections -LRB- see the section on autism , as well as the opening chapter -RRB- mainly I found Mr. Gladwell 's latest release to be boring overall . Some of his examples of ` thin slicing ' were far fetched to say the least , and he did not explore the other possible reasons behind the failure of certain of his examples . Read it for a book club , and everyone else liked it to give the author credit ... but I wo n't read any of his other books on my own . After the interesting first chapter I was expecting better , and was let down . And there was absolutely no reason to include every muscle twitch in the body language section .
 Like the author 's `` Tipping Point '' , `` Blink '' gives a fascinating hypothesis that will change your marketing perspective dramatically and forever , whether you 're pushing yourself or a product.The only problem is
 Some insightful stuff , but not a lot earthshattering . Intuitive listening is the principle , and some time spent on how that is used against you -LRB- not actually your intuition , but basic assumptions that have you make snap judgements -RRB- . The key is to be able to distinguish between intuition and preconceptions . It takes awareness , the book does not provide means to develop this . Instead it merely documents the phenomenon.There 's probably a lot better material to spend your reading time on . Like The Tipping Point , I think the concept can be garnered quickly , you really do n't need to read a whole book to get it .
 Malcom Gladwell is really eating his own dog food . In Tipping Point he discussed how you create buzz and get your ideas into the mass market and market acceptance . He has executed this plan with Blink -- a book that basically reviews psych studies conducted by others in the 80 's and 90 's into an interested but uninspiring tale.Gladwell is pushing the book in every avenue possible -- inclduing a segement on CNN entitled `` are you a racist ? '' A piece of jaundiced journalism if I have ever seen one . Generating buzz by this means is low and beneath any credible author . I stopped reading the book and decided to write this reveiw after seeing the piece on 4/12/05The material in Blink is mildly interesting , but its not Gladwell 's work . He is at best an editor putting interesting ideas and stories together to tell a story , not provide soemthing to help you improve your business.The Tipping point brought you ideas from the 1970 's and this book does much the same . I am not smarter nor more aware after reading this book . It is shameless commerce and promotion for Gladwell 's brand that I would rather not participate in .
 This book is well-written and engaging , but it only states what most people already know . One of the book 's concluding points is that if you are skilled and experienced in your field , then being able to quickly make decisive and correct decisions will come naturally . Nothing new there . Some people would simply say `` with experience comes intuition . '' The author further notes that unless one is fully trained , the initial gut reaction can be misleading for a number of reasons , such as subconscious bias or stress . An abundance of stories is presented to support all the points in the book , but most adults will have already come across all the issues through lifelong experience.One thing for which I was hoping was a discussion on how to hone yourself to make better `` blink '' decisions outside your field of expertise . The author does not address this at all except for one small suggestion saying that it 's better to reduce the amount of information one has to process in order to make a good decision . This approach is a good idea , but the author delves no further .
 I 've never seen a more transparent effort to cash in . This is a -LRB- really -RRB- dumbed down psych lite book about nothing . At times , Gladwell 's effort to make a strong point in confusing -LRB- I suspect there is no point -RRB- . At other times , he provides mini-overviews of the examples discussed in the book in case we could n't remember them ... There is nothing interesting and nothing to gain from Gladwell 's flimsy theory about `` thinking without thinking . '' If you 're interested in the thesis `` the power of thinking without thinking is so strong unless it 's a situation where regular thinking is required , '' buy the book . Because that 's all there is to it .
 Great concept , but the book is simply too repetitive . After the first few chapters , you get the point - gut decisions are about as good as long , thought out decisions . It would 've been a nice magaizine article , but did n't justify an entire book .
 The author and publisher wasted a lot of time on this book . My time . From the start I was disappointed in just about every conclusion and assertion Gladwell made . For example , he said most doctors who were sued for malpractice were sued because they had bad personal rapport with their patients and not because they were incompetent or negligent . He said that in fact many of them were very good doctors . Then on page 43 , he suggested that patients choose doctors on the basis of their inter-personal skills or personal feelings about the doctor . This does nothing to improve a patient 's chances of finding the best medical help . In fact , using Gladwell 's information -LRB- highly suspect -RRB- presented to describe doctors who get sued , points in the opposite direction - that a person should pick the doctor they hate the most in order to have the best chance of getting the best medical treatment . The rest of the book was just like this . At least up to page 188 where I finished the book . It is in the dumpster now to prevent some other human from wishing they had that part of their life back spent reading Gladwell 's stuff . Go read V. S. Ramachandran 's Phantoms In The Brain for some real information .
 I confess , I was disappointed.Gladwell is one of a current generation of authors who wears his learning light with the benefit of a hip , punchy tone . He identifies a marketable idea and uses it to hang his various , jumble bag of ideas on . In Blink , the key is ` thin slicing ' - in other words , the practice of judging a book by its cover.Does Gladwell think this is a good idea or not ? At first , it seems yes . He kicks off with the story of the Kouros statue in the Getty Museum that an art expert was able to identify instantly as a fake , overriding the detailed analysis of the museum curators . Similarly in the case of Paul Van Riper , military maverick . He destroyed a team of military brains in a Pentagon war game by his radical , guerilla , instinct led tactics.Ah , but thin slicing is not always a good idea - take the case of Coca Cola . In blind testing , Pepsi always comes out on top . Coke CEOs changed the recipe based on this and the result was a disaster . Why ? Because in a sip test , Pepsi wins , over a whole can , Coke is preferred . Should have done more tests.Then there 's the difficult area of instant racial profiling . Gladwell mentions the common racial test which proves that many of us have an unconscious wiring that prefers whites to blacks . In split second decisions taken by armed police this can be fatal . Thus poor Amadou Diallo , an innocent black man in the Bronx pulling out his wallet from his pocket found himself pounded down with bullets . So thin slicing not such a good idea there.What is the lesson Gladwell is trying to teach us here ? He says he does n't aim for all encompassing , overarching theories . Fair enough , but this does n't excuse blunt contradiction . Seemingly , we should set up structures to ensure that our minds become conditioned to make the correct decision in the thin slicing moments . Gladwell concludes with a description of how orchestras stopped discriminating against female musicians by setting up auditions behind screens so the expert committee could make their correct intuitions based fairly on the sound produced.So if we are already an expert with world class knowledge and the conditions are fair , it is okay to trust our gut instinct . If we are not , then it is better to stop and think things through to avoid disaster . This seems to be the lesson , but little is resolved at the end of Blink despite its many impressive fragments.George Bush trusts his instincts - does Gladwell support every decision he makes ? The reality of things is complicated , and the useful substance in Blink is pretty thin sliced fare .
 The basic ideas of Blink are that people make snap judgments , some people are good at it , sometimes snap judgments reflect prejudices , sometimes too much information can cloud thinking , using both snap judgments and deliberation can be effective , and it 's never too late to give up our prejudices -LRB- well , that 's how Thoreau put it -RRB- . Gladwell documents these banalities with anecdotes -LRB- some interesting , some not -RRB- and bits and pieces of marketing analysis and/or research.Really , there is n't much more to say about it than that . There is nothing here that is groundbreaking or original . In essence , this New Yorker writer wrote an extended magazine piece and put it out as a book . I think a better title would have been Snap ! , but I 'm not a marketing analyst and that 's just a hunch!Borrow it and pass it on .
 This book seems to have been written only because of the success of the Tipping Point , not because of a worthwhile subject matter . It jumps from facts , to anectodes , without a strong enough argument . After reading the first one , I was very disappointed .
 I made the snap decision thinking this book would be good . I was wrong . He spends the entire book trying to explain snap decisions are right the majority of the time . I made a snap decision to buy this book because it looked interesting . I was wrong . I give him credit though because he tried to tackle a very `` gray area '' topic . Snap decisions are often times correct , and I hoped I would hear some logical reasoning to this . I had high hopes after hearing his first test , the Iowa Gambler test . He though , always fell short by never answering WHY anything was the way it was . Since he stated he had 3 objectives in the beginning of the book , and failed to meet any of them , I had to give him 2 stars.The entire book had the following theme :1 -RRB- Tell a story that dealt with somebody making a snap decision instead of an informed one -LRB- always was a story that only would take place on the rarist of circumstances -RRB- .2 -RRB- Inform the user this thought process has a psychological name .3 -RRB- Re-iterate story inserting psychological name all over the place .4 -RRB- move onto a similar story or new chapter5 -RRB- repeat
 Blink is the diet version of Gladwell 's previous book
 I thought that this book , though well-written and easy to read , did n't really teach me much that was useful . Perhaps my fault for setting expectations too high , but I thought this book would offer insights into how WE can go about improving these gut-decisions that we sometimes have to make . I do n't think I got anything like that . Outside of some interesting data points on how accurate some people 's instincts seem to be or how , with training , we can discern some of the causes underlying some of our decisions and prejudices , I thought this was just trivial .
 Gladwell spends half the book telling you how we are capable of making incredible , enlightened deductions in an instant thanks to our subconscious . He leaves you hoping the next half of the book will tell you how to harness and refine those deductions so you can use them in everyday life and decision making processes . Instead he goes on to reveal how we override our initial intuitions with conscious thought , and interestingly , vice versa . He ends by giving examples of how we make errors in judgment by relying on our intuition too much . So what was the point ? Not the treatment on the subject I was hoping to receive . Basically he says the subconscious is capable of powerful things . Great . Now buy a book that talks more about how to use it to your advantage .
 What a bore ! `` Blink '' is a grab bag of platitudes that leads absolutely nowhere . The core thesis is risible . The author basically argues that under the right conditions , humans make better decisions when they use their instincts . He then states that under the wrong conditions , decisions based on instinct can be disastrous . Jee-whizz , Malcom , thanks for the insight ! The book is hype and empty of any valuable content ; it will certainly become standard reading in MBA programs .
 The author 's first book was pretty damn good . -LRB- The Tipping Point -RRB- . here he attempts to tackle to subject of intuition and gut feeling but it never really suceeds . His writing style to constantly come back to an example he cited earlier made the book feel repetitive and burdensome.I wish that this book was better because the premise was pretty good . Too bad !!
 I had high hopes when I bought this book , but it turned out to be a big letdown . Rather than a manual about how to refine one 's snap judgments , the whole book is a series of how quick decisions can sometimes be better than careful reasoning . As I read , I kept thinking , `` Great , snap judgments might work sometimes . How do I improve them ? '' but he never got to it . The examples were interesting , but to write a whole book about them and only them ... it makes you wonder if the author just wants you to go through his book without thinking .
 The author 's style makes for a painless , quick read . However , I felt I wasted my money on too much description , and dismissal of intuition , knowledge , or experience that may be contributing to a person knowing something is awry ... one who may be thin slicing -LRB- Blink Thinking I believe would be a better term -RRB- . He gave examples of how it works successfully for some people , but he did n't or could n't explain very well why it happens , nor could he give guidance for people to improve their own thinking . Then he gave examples where it did n't work , so the reader wonders , `` What 's your point ? Does this work or does n't it ? If you say everyone can do this , well , HOW ? `` He went on tangents -LRB- face reading could be a book of its own , and I would be very interested in that -RRB- and tiptoed into areas that might be a bit political - casually saying it 's not working for the police who shot someone , it 's not working for the military who does n't want to work off of `` hunches '' , though in some cases it HAS worked for a leader or two . It dismisses market research almost entirely , because a singer -LRB- who is obviously a favorite of his has yet to make it big -RRB- , because test audiences did n't like his music , yet thin slice thinkers must . He seems to contradict himself with his own examples.Again , not an unpleasant read , but I was craving more . It 's an unfinished work .
 I was absolutely startled that this book got 3.5 stars so far ! The whole book talks about one thing
 First 1/3 was good . Last 2/3 was tedious and failed to deliver the books claimed reason for being . Agree with others , take a nap and save the money and time .
 I am Surprised for two things with this book .1 -RRB- Title reads power of thinking without thinking which is not at all congruent with its content .2 -RRB- What made this book a Bestseller ? I felt Like sleeping while reading this book.So do youself a favour.Buy this book only if you have insomnia , if not then look for something else .
 I was enjoying the interesting concept of this book until , in the last half , Gladwell 's agenda came out with clear force . I was set-up . Use real world cases and all sides of the case until you want to push the agenda and then tell only one side , and what only one side should have done to avoid snap judgements . It 's incredibly irresponsible to have left out what was left out of the last half of this book.If there 's 100 points of data that tell the whole story of `` blink '' , Gladwell hand-picks the 20 that fit his desire to demonize police while laying no responsibility on individuals who act as criminals and completely disregards crime-to-race proportions . You must suspend reality to believe Gladwell 's assumption that gun-related crime is totally unrelated to race in bad neighborhoods . Because clearly no one should assume based on real numbers and shady behavior in an out of the ordinary situation that anything out of the ordinary is occuring . Gladwell would have us assume , and control our reaction in a life or death situation in the `` blink of an eye '' , that dangerously acting individuals in incredibly dangerous places and situations should be treated as if they were 80-year-old grandmothers in broad daylight.No mention is made of what the criminals could have done to avoid the confrontation . Perhaps he left it out since my 8 year-old nephew could spell it out . If police yell `` POLICE ! DO N'T MOVE ! '' then you might want to stop moving . If you continue to move and dig in your pockets you are not only asking to be shot , you should be shot . Gladwell 's one-sided agenda is sickening in this particular part of the book.It 's a clearly picked-evidence piece that takes a conveniently limited , one-sided cross-section of the research to slide it 's agenda onto the bestseller list under assumed pretenses . If you appreciate personal accountability , total fairness on all sides of a situation , and true responsibility , do n't bother buying/reading this biased disappointing opinion .
 I liked his book on the tipping point . Sure , he did n't coin the term , but he surfaced some interesting points on how it happens . I got to page 50 on this one and gave up the ghost . I fell for the sequel syndrome . Do n't you . A snore .
 What a load of tripe . I quickly figured out that this book is n't worth the money and made a snap decision not to buy it . Come on now , do n't be gullible and think .
 these ideas . I 'd recommend instead -LRB- or in addition to -RRB- `` Art of What Works '' by William Duggan .
 common what was i thinking , it took me only a few seconds after the purchase of this audio cd to realize i must be a complete idiot , sure enough when i listened to it later that night i was right i was indeed a fool . should have went with my gut feeling , the real title of this book or cd should be titled common sense . im glad i saved the reciept , cause this baby 's going back to the store its nothing but useless information and common sense i think mr gladwell did a hit of acid before his research on this book . save your money , mr gladwell talks about thin slices every five minutes it really made me hungry i just wish i spent the money on a pizza instead .
 Gladwell 's `` Blink '' tells us that we can learn as much in 2 seconds as we can from a detailed study . That summarizes his entire book . Spending any more time on his book will provide no greater insight . Take his advice - accept this 2 second summary of his book , and move on . There is nothing more to learn from reading it . Apply this to Tipping Point 's basic idea - if a phenomenon achieves a certain critical mass , it will grow exponentially . Now you do n't need to read Tipping Point either .
 I really enjoyed Malcolm Gladwell 's first book , Tipping Point . He offered some significant insights in this book , and because of this , the book became a blockbuster big seller . I wish I could say the same thing about his second effort , Blink . Do n't get me wrong , Blink is interesting . But at best , Blink should have been a long article in the New Yorker , not a whole book . If Gladwell had not been so successful with Tipping Point , I doubt that this book would have received the accolades that it did.Blink discusses the age-old concept that first impressions are lasting impressions . Gladwell spends a significant amount of time looking at the science behind first impressions , including the fact that most first impressions are made sub-consciously . But he spends so much time on the science behind this theory , that the book becomes uninteresting , and he feels it necessary to make his point in numerous ways . I 've talked to people who have read this book , and they all say that they loved it . When asked what they loved about it , the readers find it difficult to recall any distinctive take-aways . All I can say is that I knew Tipping Point , and this is no Tipping Point . You can read this one , and it wo n't be a waste of time , but I doubt you will walk away saying you loved this book .
 I felt this book came as a highly rated `` Bestseller '' but I find I am disappointed . While I have n't completely finished the book yet it seems to contain several very long descriptive stories of how people behave according to their preconceived ideas . An interesting phenomena , but it gets beaten to death by the author . I have just received my order of `` Outliers '' and hope I enjoy it more than this one .
 The concepts described in the book could easily git a single chapter or be summarized in a magazine article . Thin-slicing is a concept researched by author , where the humans frequently make decisions based on the first impression , and sometimes those decisions tend to be correct right away , sometimes they are totally wrong . It 's the book about gut felling and horse sense with some academic research supplied by the author.But right as you are about comforted with the fact that you bought a book that is a bit scientific and enriching , the author moves on to tell how how racist your sorry ass is , and how you 're subconsciously biased against black people , and how you should watch Olympic games and listen to Colin Powell to get rid of that bias.The point is well made , but Gladwell goes at it at length , like a senile Grandpa at retirement home starting with his war stories and never knowing when to stop . Gladwell is repetitive , often redundant and way too verbose . For simple concepts that he 's describing , he could 've easily written a book with 5 % of the pages that `` Blink '' has and still make a point . You wish you could smack him on the head and say `` Enough ! I got you . Move on , please '' throughout the chapters .
 the book began with lots of interesting observations and new ideas , really eye catching so to speak but after a couple of chapters , it is the same thesis rehashed many times with different stories to illustrate the same concept -LRB- s -RRB- . i thought the writer could have done a magazine feature article on this topic instead of writing a full length book . so , definitely borrow the book from the public library as you can finish the whole book in 2 hours . on content alone , this book does not deserve a `` buy '' but deserve a `` borrow '' .
 In theory , this book was good . It had a great concept , but it could have been explained in just a few chapters and not an entire book . The examples went on and on and on and on . I was bored with the book by the time I got to the end .
 In this book , Gladwell reaches the astounding conclusion that EXPERTS know more than other people . That if you spend YEARS doing something , or researching it , or training , you will be able to spot more details than others . A real eye-opener .
 I was looking forward to reading Blink . The combination of an interesting topic and critical acclaim had me excited.The first few chapters of Blink were moderately intriguing . Gladwell seemed to be getting at the point that thin-slicing -LRB- drawing instantaneous conclusions subconsciously -RRB- is both powerful and accurate . Then the book starts to wander though and the reader is presented with many examples of thin-slicing being incorrect and even deadly . Gladwell then wraps it up -LRB- sort of -RRB- by offering that sometimes thin-slicing yields correct conclusions and sometimes it yields incorrect conclusions . Really ? That seems like a trivial thesis and one that I probably did n't need to read 300 pages to reach . The material in this book could have been parsed significantly and served as the basis of an article , with greater final effect than this book.Although there are some good stories along the way , I doubt many readers will find it hard to put this book down at points . Those that truly enjoy it will probably do so more for the anecdotes than because it offers any deep insight .
 Let me being this by saying that reading Malcolm Gladwell 's books are always a pleasure ; he constructs his works like a documentary film , and that makes the complex topics he writes about both engrossing and more approachable . If a reader were to read only the first half of this book , they may have a more positive impression of this book then it is worthy of.However , this book is an utter disappointment because it never reaches a conclusion . I feel like Mr. Gladwell started this book in support of the unconscious mind as a powerful , accurate decision making force ; and as he researched further , grew less sure of this position , until near the end of the book he warns us against relying on the unconscious At the very end , it 's apparent that the author does n't really know where he stands on this topic , and in the afterward , the reader is ping-ponged back and forth as Mr. Gladwell argues with himself.His final conclusion that he leaves us with -- that juries should not be allowed to view a defendant in person -- flies in the face of other research that he presents earlier in the book -- that the unconscious mind is able to pick up on `` micro-expressions '' that reveal obscured emotions and motivations.Mr . Gladwell is clearly unable to make a decision on this topic , and that only leaves his readers ultimately confused .
 This book has many great examples and is well written ... that being said , his conclusions are all wrong . The conclusions are sooooo far off as compared to his examples that to claim this book as `` self-help '' is absolutely absurd . I wouldnt recommend this book to anyone .
 I resisted reading this book because my preliminary ` thin-slice ' of it was that it would be trendy , glib , and shallow . Hey , maybe there is something to Gladwell 's idea after all , because I did find Blink to be trendy , glib , shallow and , also , obnoxiously condescending . Check out this quote from chapter one : `` My guess is that many of you have the same impression of Tom Hanks . If I asked you what he was like , you would say that he is decent and trustworthy and down-to-earth and funny . But you do n't know him . You 're not friends with him . You 've only seen him in the movies , playing a wide range of different characters . Nonetheless , you 've managed to extract something very meaningful about him from those thin slices of experience , and that impression has a powerful effect on how you experience Tom Hanks 's movies . ` Everybody said they could n't see Tom Hanks as an astronaut , ' Grazer says of his decision to cast Hanks in the hit movie Apollo 13 . ` Well , I did n't know whether Tom Hanks was an astronaut . But I saw this as a movie about a spacecraft in jeopardy . And who does the world want to get back the most ? Who does America want to save ? Tom Hanks . We do n't want to see him die . We like him too much . ' `` Yuck ! I hate Tom Hanks . Not personally , of course . He 's probably a nice man . But as an actor I hate his guts . I hate his face . I would love to see him die horribly in the movies in a variety of ways . Where do these ` lifestyle ' writers like Gladwell get the authority to speak for everyone . Instead of saying ` I ' or ` me ' , they always say ` you ' or ` we ' . There are some good things in this book , but they are badly undermined by Gladwell 's hucksterish , Madison Avenue style of arguing and writing . He is prone to asking leading ` straw dog ' questions like ` Were these people lying ? ' and ` But what would happen if I were to ... ? ' And then answering condescendingly with ` Not at all ' or ` The answer is . ' He also uses hack phrases like ` Sure enough ' , ` but the truth is ' , and , nauseatingly frequently , ` Believe it or not . ' He even actually uses the formerly uber-trendy adjective ` tony ' . Uggh ! The idea of ` thin-slicing ' -LRB- oh , how I quickly came to hate that phrase -RRB- is never given a consistent , coherent defence . Gladwell starts out with a provocative description of what might happen ` unconsciously ' during the first two seconds of decision making and then doodles off for the rest of the book on a flatulent walkabout in the fields of psychology , the arts , and business . This is a book written by a lazy amateur , a dilettante.Save your money . I wish I did . This book boils down to -LRB- Gladwell loves that phrase , ` it boils down to ' -RRB- ` follow your hunches ' . Was that worth $ 18 ? My brother owes me $ 18 . I only bought Blink and read it because of his threat not to read anymore of my recommendations if I did n't read one of his . -LRB- His last recommendation that I tried to read was Atlas Shrugged . No more need be said about that . -RRB- Gladwell comes to this startling conclusion -LRB- ` follow your hunches ' -RRB- by talking to a few psychologists and Hollywood moguls and collecting a few anecdotes . Do n't try looking for a bibliography in this book , because there is n't one . Instead ` we ' have a sparse ` Notes ' section which mostly consists of more anecdotes instead of references . If you are interested in reading about human behaviour and how we think and make decisions , check out Thomas Gilovich 's How We Know What Is n't So , and Robert Cialdini 's Persuasion -LRB- Science and Practice -RRB- . These people are psychologists . They do experiments . They publish their results in peer reviewed journals , and they talk to fellow psychologists , scientists , and other smart people . They put extensive bibliographies at the backs of their books because they have read a lot about their subjects and they know that it is important to back up your conclusions and show how you came to them . If Gladwell had spent more time in the library and less time in the hair dressers , his book might have been better . But hey , Malcolm G. 's ` thin-sliced ' the book biz . He knows that if you are a young , trendy writer working for ` the Best Magazine in the World ' you can get just about anything published , even bilge like this , and hit the best sellers ' lists .
 Let me save the trouble and fill you in on what this book is actually about . To sum up , it 's basically 254 pages telling you that within the first few seconds of observing something like art , a marriage , a product idea , etc. , you can have as accurate of a view or assumption of it as you would in a year of observation . What makes this even more hilarious is that his examples of `` instinctive decisions '' are from experts in certain fields
 The title of this book , `` Blink '' , and the back cover caught my eye . I read most of this book but I got the feeling that there were too many examples of the same point . The feeling I got was that the author was trying to make the book thicker with repetious examples . Maybe Im wrong . Maybe I just could n't grasp the importance of the examples . Any way , I was n't able to finish . The point I got was that a snap decision could be a good decision or it could be a wrong decison .
 It really does dawn on you somewhere in the middle of the book that Gladwell 's intelligence is somehow borrowed , his examples redundant ... He IS pushing his brand , his intellectuality , never quite making a solid point . The book is full of `` deep '' hmmm moments that never really amount to anything substantial . I 'm glad I had the library copy -LRB- it would be a sorry waste of money -RRB- . The moment I read about the involuntary subconscious association with the DOMINANT race , I knew Gladwell ca n't be taken seriously .
 This book was mostly full of stories that illuminate the fairly obvious . Basically , the theme is that over-analyzing can often be worse than simply making a snap judgment . There is such a thing as too much information -LRB- especially when not interpreted correctly -RRB- , and likewise , snap judgments are often wrong . How to find a balance ? No answer in this book.I did find some of the stories and information entertaining , insightful , and perhaps slightly useful ; but overall , I was glad it was a short book -- I would not have finished it had it been any longer .
 It seems that this book is more about the DANGERS of `` thinking without thinking '' then the advantages . Maybe the first 50 pages are interesting stories of people acting on instant insight successully , but the rest of the book describes disasters from doing so . I was looking for insight on expanding this ability , not reasons not to.A short , easy , read , but confounding ... Not what I was expecting .
 While Malcolm Gladwell 's first book-length offering `` The Tipping Point , '' offered a few redeeming qualities from it 's spectacularly non-groundbreaking ideas , `` Blink '' has nothing to offer people who have at least taken a high school psychology class.In one respect , Mr. Gladwell has performed a great public service
 A big waste of time ... he could have told the story in about 5 pages ...
 Gladwell deftly squeezes about 100 pages of content into almost 300 pages of book . It goes from pretty good to tedious to boring . He draws conclusions which are not based on any `` facts '' in the book , but he states his ideas as if they were absolute truths . I gave him 2 stars because the first part of the book was OK.Don ' t waste your time and your money .
 It stricks upon on good idea then proceeds to beat the idea to death . Short quick read .
 Looking at the ranking on the best seller 's list and hearing a few reviews I had high expectations for this one . Quite frankly the last two pages sum up the entire book quite succinctly . The stories are interesting but the author never brings out anything that instills a need for action . Sort of like reading a novel . : -LRB-
 I thin-sliced the cover of `` Blink '' and thought it would be as good as Tipping Point by the same author.I was as wrong as the cops mentioned in the book , while this is not a big waste of time , I did n't get anything new from this book .
 At the time of a blink , I know this book has a very misleading title but it fits today 's Americans ' need . It suggests that you do n't need to think but you can make right decisions . However , intuition or hunch actually comes from years of experiences . But today 's society , we need to get rich fast and enjoy life and we need a reason to make a judgement without real thinking . The result will be disasterous . Blink should not be a substitute of years of experiences and hard work .
 Blink is a book that simply proves that with years of practice and carefull analysis one can become so proficient in a particular field -LRB- or task -RRB- that after a while one becomes habituated to the point that it becomes intuative . The tennis pro , the general , the food tasters , the face psychologist , the marriage specialist , and the art historian know their field so well that it becomes second nature . They each have decades of practice and experience under their belt ! So yes if you specialize by all means thin-slice but only in what you know!Big deal ! Everyone knows this feeling in say learning to type , playing the piano , or mastering a tennis serve . There is a point that one stops thinking and peaking at the keyboard and it just becomes instinctual . The coke test , the blind music audition and the racial profiling incident prove that humans are distracted by bias and can not be trusted with instinct . After all it is universal phenomenon that attactive people are given the benefit of the doubt since their attaction often disarms all reason .
 Just a long list of antedotes . Interesting for the first two seconds at best . Not useful reading .
 Summary : If you are an expert then trust your gut feelings.If you are not an expert then do n't trust your gut feelings .
 I would prefer to read something written by a philosopher who can not write than by a writer who can not think .
 I am disappointed in this book and feel it has been a waist of my time and money . Unfortunately the book is poorly -LRB- if any at all -RRB- researched and relies heavily on a number of public stories that are already known and extensively debated in public media , most importantly , without drawing any useful nor new conclusion . Most of the conclusions made in the book are either common sense and already well known so it really adds no value nor offers any useful thought.The book argues that the snap judgments -LRB- called thin slicing by him -RRB- made by experts are often closer to truth than snap judgment made by amateurs but then gives contradicting stories . It then talks about the fact that humans behave unexpectedly , often irrationally , often hastily in emergency situations -LRB- e.g. police arrests , assassinations -RRB- . Both of these points are common sense that are familiar to all of us . We all have experienced these situations and know that they could be true . However , what we do n't know much about is whether we can learn anything to perform or prepare better for these situations . The book offers absolutely no insight nor useful thought unfortunately.The stories are all over the map , he touches , race , police brutality , fake art , coke tasting etc etc with no clear direction nor conclusion and fails to encourage any useful thought at the least .
 This book gave me a keener awareness of how much information is communicated through facial expressions and first impressions , and the pragmatism of learning to read and interpret them better -- but little on how to do that.The book would have been enormously better if written in less than a quarter of its length . The author drones on and on with example after example , often needlessly coming back to earlier ones . This lack of conciseness contributes to a general feeling of wondering what he 's trying to say -- and wondering if it 's really clear in his own mind . On the one hand , we should be able to size people up in an instant , and on the other , that 's how we perpetuate stereotypes . It 's really not until the Afterword that the author acknowledges , more straightforwardly , that a balance is not easy to learn or achieve . Only experience over time can help us get a feel for it . In the end , we 're left with no really practical advice to implement in our daily lives , beyond greater awareness.At one point , I got excited , thinking some practical advice was just around the bend . We are told there exists a training tape for learning facial micro-expressions . In 35 minutes of training , one can go from seeing none of such expressions to seeing them all ! `` This is an accessible skill , '' we 're told . And then , end of discussion . No mention of how WE can learn from this tape -LRB- rent it , buy it , go to a seminar , employ a consultant , read a synopsis ? -RRB- . This is the one thing the author has built us up to want to know , and we 're left with a sort of `` Gotcha ! `` I found the entire Afterword to be a lazy avoidance of revising the book before reprinting . All the points made there , including too much rehashing , should be incorporated into the book itself . Both here and in the body of the book , I always had the feeling the author was still thinking -- not really sure exactly where he wanted to take this book . I especially did not appreciate the tediously elaborated military examples ; talk about too much information ! We did not need to know every little facet that the author mused while digesting his research and mountain of anecdotes.I do n't feel the little I learned was worth the time spent hanging onto the book in the hope of finding its redemption .
 I had high expectations for this book because of reviews from my friends , but this book is basically a rehashing rip-off of any psychology course in high school . I am a psychology major and I was hoping for new ideas about how to judge things quickly with very little information , but the book ended up being a series of anecdotes about snap-judgment situations . The level of analysis was very poor and unoriginal , and the ideas were completely innocuous . Nothing in this book was interesting .
 I have heard many good things about this author . I like the fact that he grew out his hair during the process of writing this book . It started out really strong and then he lost me in the middle . Its about the re-discovery of his youth and the rules you learn more than intuition .
 I tend to agree with the reviewer , Loyd Eskildson , about this book . In essence , I have not gotten more than a couple of new ideas from this book , the rest are commonsense . Of course , your thin slices will get more accurate if you have more experiences and in depth knowledge of the area you 're thin slicing . Hmmm ... tell me something new ...
 Gladwell writes well and the book is interesting . I read about half the book before I knew it ! But I was jolted when Gladwell suddenly changed the focus of the book . In the first half of the book snap-judgments are good , then theyre suddenly bad . `` What 's up with that ? '' I asked myself.Well , what 's up is people are programmed or brain-washed , if you will , to react however they react to specific stimuli . And how they react depends on their fund of experience with specific stimuli , or the messages society drums into their skulls . Phobias and aversion reactions and addictions are the extreme forms of such mental activity . Like peeing on an electric fence . One experience is enough . No need for college or a seminar or a cost-benefit analysis . And no need to suffer guilt for your prejudice against all electric fences . So you save money on counseling , too.Gladwell can improve the organization of the book by keeping the first half , which explains the benefits of snap-judgments , then address the issue of how to correct faulty snap-judgment decision making . That is , provide some helpful hints about how to reset the triggers to include new and better information.I was gon na buy the book and am mighty happy I didnt .
 This book is a typical case of an author who finds a good idea but does n't figure out how to deliver it . I have been working in Strategic Marketing for over 15 years and was very excited to receive and read Blink . I thought his last book was brilliant but do n't waste your money on this one . Go buy yourself a drink instead . In a blink , without thinking . What a dissapointment this read is . Mr. Gladwell chooses all kinds of well known incidents , examples and dissasters to prove his '' Blink concept '' . From the New Coke flop -LRB- come on Malcolm -RRB- to a Pentagon war games excercice . The general idea of the book is
 I heard this was the great book of our time , so I had to rush out to buy it . Sucker . The only good thing I can say is the cover is catchy . The contents scare me . The author 's claims are pseudoscience at its worst . Do none of us remember the laws of `` cause and effect ? '' They are totally twisted here . Then twisted back . Then twisted back again . My biggest complaint is that the author needs to look up the Websters definition of `` subconscious '' , a word he throws out on virtually every page . He seems to repeatedly confuse the concept of `` subconscious '' with `` experience . '' Just because someone experienced in a given field can process information faster than they can verbally articulate it , does n't mean the information is `` subconscious . '' Conversely , just because someone lacks the education to articulate which ingredients make them prefer one strawberry jam versus another , does n't mean the preference is subconscious . It means it 's sensory . That 's like saying that you ca n't know the sky is blue if you do n't know why it 's blue . Or worse , like saying if you were never taught the word `` blue '' , that your eyes see it unconsciously . There are many books and magazines that , using layman 's terms , give much more rigorous and justifiable theories about some of the new findings correlating brain activity and psychological studies . I 've even seen many of the studies this author cites in other books . I will say the studies themselves are fun to read about and ponder independently of the author 's own interpretation . It 's curious that in the Afterword section added to my 2007 edition , the author seems to revise the premise of the entire book . It should be the foreword . More importantly , why do so many think this book is good ? It 's strongest value is in showing how sorely lacking too many are in the basic priciples of logical thinking and scientific analysis .
 For someone who is writing a book about the ability to suscinctly understand things without any elaboration , this author drags on his points like none I 've ever seen . He puts 5 word concepts into 20 word runon sentences , just like this one , that contain extra phrases and words that really dont quite necessarily need to exist in the particular sentences when you could , if you wanted to , make them significantly smaller and much less burdensome in length . If you enjoyed reading that last sentence , you will love this book . I got about halfway through and it was a struggle to continue . I actually signed on to Amazon.com tonight purely to see if anyone else was as miserable as myself , reading this book , and I was glad to see so many were . Blink is brilliant in one sense
 The book begins with an enticing account of the power of intuition , i.e. , of the `` adaptive unconscious '' to make decisions more reliably than linear , left-brain evaluation of data . The reader expects a guide to accessing this subliminal power . Instead , the author gives a series of overlong , padded accounts of cases where instant perception trumped careful data gathering , balanced by accounts of cases in which careful data gathering trumped instant perception.The reader tries in vain to see a solid connection between the episodes recounted - from `` thin-slicing '' of videotaped encounters between married couples to the benefits of a trained sensory apparatus in evaluating food and wine to the dangers to innocent bystanders when police officers jump to stereotyped conclusions about people and places . In the end , the reader is no wiser about the means of mining the `` adaptive unconscious '' than before picking up the book . The book can be summarized in two sentences
 I can sum up this book in the following 3 points .1 -RRB- the subconscious mind exists .2 -RRB- Sometimes it can work for you , sometimes it can work against you .3 -RRB- There is very little you can do about how it works.The end .
 This Book is worth nothing , not even the paper it is printed on.The book is totally self-contradictory and the book contains useless facts and is much too verbose . A waste of time and money .
 I keep wanting to like Gladwell 's books , but they 're just so ... pedestrian . That may sound pretentious , but I believe he talks dumbly to his audience ; it 's insulting . And there 's a serious lack of research to his musings . It 's faux-social science at it 's most mediocre .
 this was a must have book according to management BUT it is just another fad series of cute new terms or thinking that has no merit as far as I am concerned . And I used `` blink '' to figure it out before I wasted time
 Most of the times I sit down to read books that are supposed to be holding a breakthrough idea or concept , I come away extremely disappointed and frustrated . Again , Blink was one of those books . It started with an interesting few pages and a plausible sequence of events that might equate to something new and original , but the book quickly fell into the trap of most of these types of concepts . It expanded into areas that did n't meet the criterion of the initial premise and then attempted to stretch the concept to include these additional storylines.Blink is an attempt to show that humans have conscious and unconscious trains of thought . And that some people have such a strong ability to make correct decisions without really thinking about it , that this unconscious decision making is a completely separate line of reasoning done by the brain in lightning fashion . Gladwell starts with a statue that the Getty museum purchased . Only a handful of people had misgivings about the authenticity of the statue . And these people made the decision based on a `` hunch '' . Now that is interesting . However , what we never find out is whether these people always are negative on a purchase like this knowing that it is unlikely to be authentic . Or , that these people made this type of quick decision 10 times and were wrong 9 other times . Instead , they are placed on a pedestal and a new concept is arranged around this theory.He then uses an example of a tennis coach that can quickly point out when a player is going to hit into a double fault . Whoa !! Could it be as simple as this
 I am not sure why this is a book . Anecdotes , anecdots , anecdotes ... . Is there anything here that is actually researched and studied ? A hundred stories does not a coherent theory make . This is typical Gladwell , big statements , good stories , poorly thought through thesis , bold assertions with no proof , keep cheerily going on , one book to the next . Good for killing time on a beach , but why would I pay for this advice ?
 When I am falling asleep , my eyes start to blink rapidly ... then I am out ! While I admit , that that book does have some interesting information , all of the tangeable thoughts could have been written into a magazine article . There are too many repititions of the same story - seemingly just to fill the 288 pages with very little new information added . I remember writing similar essays in school ; you kow , repeat information just to fill up the 10 page requirement.I am amazed that the editor and publisher of this book though it was well written enough to print .
 If are hoping to gain insight about `` rapid cognition , '' how we arrive at snap judgements or gut feelings you 'll be disappointed . The book is almost entirely devoted to describing instances of snap judgements that either assisted or led people astray in their decision making . No great theories on how the mind does this or why.The startling conclusions in the book are that we make snap judgements and that sometimes they help us and other times they hurt us . I was expecting something more like Steven Pinker 's work in `` How the Mind Works '' or his other books . This is nothing like those.Don ' t waste your time and money . Do n't even bother checking it out at the library .
 Blink 's main idea is that with limited information people are able to make good decisions . That being said I found it both ironic and irritating that the author was so long winded in convincing the reader of this insight . In fact this insight is n't original psychologists have known for awhile that intuition is nothing more than really fast thinking . The more expertise one has in an area the quicker they are to make a good decision . Consider the x-ray technician takes one look at an x-ray and knows exactly what is broken and how bad . The patient has been staring at the x-ray and does n't understand what to look for . The x-ray technican has looked at thousands and knows exactly what to look for.This book is n't worth the time it takes to read it . An article is about all it takes to present the information contained . It promises to be groundbreaking but instead the book should be buried .
 This book was , by far , the most redundant thing I have ever read . It would have made for an interesting article in a newspaper or magazine ; however , the book itself is way too long and repetitious for its topic . I am very disappointed that I spent money on this item . Too bad my `` thin slicing '' is apparently terrible and could not help me on this purchase .
 Blink is a very long look at rapid cognition , the science of intuition . The problem with this book is it 's about 200 pages too long and I felt like I was reading a magazine article that would n't stop - every chapter was a reiteration of the preceding chapter . This book in a nutshell is as follows :1 . We each have an innate , rapid , largely unconscious sense of reasoning ; i.e. , intuition .2 . We could greatly benefit by listening to this intuition .3 . This intuition can also hold our unconscious prejudices .4 . Our rapid cognition can often be wrong and get us in trouble.Personally I found this all very interesting - just not 320 pages worth of interesting .
 I 'd like to echo the thoughts of other reviewers who 've said Blink is merely a collection of anecdotes on how snap judgments can help us or harm us . Though interesting reads , these stories do n't teach us anything we do n't know already about intuition - Sometimes your instincts hit the bullseye and sometimes they fall completely off target . How do we know which instincts to trust ? I was hoping Gladwell would provide an answer to this question , but found he really did n't .
 The main reason I bought this book was because of the promise of teaching you how to improve upon utilizing your gut instinct . As I progressed through the book , my gut instict was telling me that was n't going to happen , and it was right . It was just a series of studies and examples of where instinct has worked and where it has n't . I did n't read one paragraph where the author instructs on how to improve upon or develop your unconscious decision-making . The stories are interesting but the book was a big disappointment to me .
 It breaks my heart to write a negative review of a Malcolm Gladwell work . Tipping Point was incredibly easy to read and provided useful discussion and thinking points , however the lessons of Blink -LRB- if there are any -RRB- are difficult to apply and certainly impossible to substantiate , even after you plough through this work -LRB- which becomes tedious toward the end -RRB- . Blink will not have anywhere near the impact that Tipping Point did -LRB- and , from here on in , comparisons to Tipping Point will for Gladwell be inevitable -RRB- . The book is well-written and focused . I still ponder some of the examples give n in the book weeks later -- but a few of the stronger examples are painfully short on detail and their bond to the central theme -LRB- which , unfortunately , is obvious to anyone capable of having purchased the book -RRB- is fairly loose.Sadly , Blink reads as though Gladwell had less time , and less inspiration , in its composition . I have no doubt he 'll make up for this on his next work .
 It 's an interesting topic to ponder
 Blink is worth the read , but only for the paper back price . It 's very easy to follow and a quick page-turner . However , it 's a bit shallow.Blink 's basic premises is
 Virtually every supposedly analytical utterance is just an assertion with little logical basis . One could easily have interpreted the presented facts in any of a dozen other ways , drawing some other type of lesson . Basically , the author lays out dozens of anecdotes and then makes highly dubious remarks about decisions that were made . But it simply does n't hang together in any coherent way . This is way , way over-hyped .
 Gladwell is an entertaining writer , I 'll give him that . I did enjoy reading this book . However , it 's not about the substance for him . He is basically reaching for something we all sorta kinda know about , but is not at all scientific or expository . The best book on doing without doing , thinking without thinking , intuition , the sense of self , self-knowledge , and the mecahnics behind all of this , is , by far , God Without Religion by Sankara Saranam . Not only does it deliver what readers likely expect from a book like Gladwell 's , but it does in the context of world-shaking issues . If you want to know what thought is , not to mention supermental knowledge , look elsewhere .
 Having spent a reasonable portion of my career trying to teach people to take a more objective view of things , I was a bit concerned this very-popular book was going to clash with -- and undermine -- all that work . In reality , Blink seems to make a much stronger case for MORE deliberation -LRB- except in cases where instant reaction is required -RRB- than less.The story of the inability of doctors to accurately `` triage '' potential heart attack victims is perhaps the best case . In an example of anti-thin-slicing , the primary warning factors were identified only through exhaustive research and correlation analysis . So much for `` gut feel '' ! The opening case of the statue scam just shows that people need to learn to better `` understand '' their own instant analyses -- why these supposedly insightful art people -LRB- who recognized the scam -RRB- could not more definitively explain that the object was `` too perfect '' just shows they need to be less enamoured with their intuitive judgment and more connected with facts . -LRB- Sorry if this gives some of the book away -RRB- . Anyway , I can see why people enjoy Blink . There are some interesting stories . But I cynically wonder if Mr. Gladwell is hoping people blink as they read the book , because if they look too carefully they 'll see it never really makes a point .
 It amazes me what makes a bestseller . With enough marketing dollars and big name , this book was predetermined a bestseller even before it hit the bookshelves . Notice how the covers on bestselling books like this one is already printed with - millions sold - on the first day . A bestseller even before the cover was printed and a book sold ? Without the hype , this would not even catch the eye of the public . Poorly written , nothing original on business . Skip this thin book and get a better business book .
 This lighweight book is a surprise . You do expect some analysis and content when reading a book on the current state of thinking about brain activity . There is no substance here.There are lots of anecdotes about supposedly instant analysis of tennis swings , statues , and the like . The thing that is not credited is the time , effort , study and intellectual training it takes to erect the pattern recognition process that is behind these `` instant '' decisions . -LRB- As if an untrained individuals ' instant conclusion about anything would be of any value whatsoever . -RRB- There are trained people in many professions who can arrive at a conclusion quickly -- especially on how to categorize a situation or an object which relates to their field . They have internalized the schema of that field , and it is this unconscious competance that makes them an expert . So -- what else is new here?Not a piece I would compare with Penrose , Dennett or any of the scholars of brain activity . Sadly , in my opinion , I wasted my time .
 The author spends an inordinate amount of time putting together anecdotes about situations in which people with extraordinary training in a given subject -LRB- for example , art -RRB- can determine when an item -LRB- e.g. a sculpture -RRB- is real or fake . So what . A well trained eye can determine a fake Rolex in the blink of an eye . If they are trained in what to look for and are intimately familiar with the details , then it should come as no surprise.What is MISSING is any advice , hints or other information to help the average `` Joe '' learn to put those abilities to work in the real world.Don ' t waste your time . But if you must , get it from the library without spending any money on it .
 It basically took two simple ideas -LRB- your first reaction is often the decision you 'll ultimately reach anyway which is fine until your subconscious and gut reaction leads to a serious consequence -RRB- that contradict each other , devotes 100 pages towards trying to justify each of the thoughts , and never ties the points together . A real disappointment .
 Perhaps it is simply ironic that so many pages are devoted to explaining something that happens instantaneously , yet still manages to miss the target . A disappointing book on a subject that should have been fasinating to write about and read . It is telling that that word `` instinct '' is nowhere to be found in the index of the book .
 Thin slicing works , except when it does n't . The premise is interesting , but Gladwell fails to actually draw any meaningful conclusion from his anecdotes . In fact , you could draw completely opposite conclusions from the same `` data '' . This is popular science writing at its worst . Just plain dumb .
 Amazed at how highly -LRB- star -RRB- rated this book is , I felt I had to bring it down a notch ... The book has been well appraised by most of the negative reviewers already so I 'll just reiterate :1 -RRB- Utterly confused , tenuous and contradictory hypothesis .2 -RRB- Reminds me of English Lit . essays I 'd write at high school , where I had no real point , but had to fill 1000 words .2 -RRB- Tipping Point was a great book . What a shame this was n't .
 An absolute waste of money . Not a single mention of how to develop and hone the skills he is touting .
 I usually do n't write reviews , but after buying this book a year back and being very disapointed I came upon it agtain today as a result in another search . I took it as a sign that a review was needed.I buy books like this to learn How to Do Something ; to improve a talent , not to tell me that a something I know to exist , really exists.I , and most adults , already know that sometimes snap judgements , gut instincts or feelings , are more accurate than some exhaustive study ... and sometimes they are not.I suspect that most people bought this book to learn how to improve/hone that instinctive/gut talent so that more often than not `` our gut feeling ids right '' . This book provides nothing in that area , it seems to be content to demonstrate what we already knew/Of roughly 1300 reviews roughly 500 are 3 or less and 800 are 4 or better.I suggest you save your time and money.Good luck
 I read this book because I heard it was such a good book but I was very disappointed . I have to accept this book is a compilation of good articles and everyday examples but a lot of what he explains is common sense.Blink is about trusting the instant impressions you get in the blink of an eye , but this is not necessarily true all the times . For example , how many of us have dislike someone we meet but after a while we become excellent friends?I think he is right in some things but his theory warns you against ovethinking , and that not always works.Like I said some of Gladwell 's points are ambiguous . I also think this book lacks a satisfying conclusion.But I recommend it anyway , just so you get your own opinion about it . But if you can , just get it from the library , do n't buy it please .
 I have quickly and easily decided with my first unconsciously guided impulse & gut intuition not to buy `` Blink '' .
 This is a horrible book written to the idiot in everyone , so , naturally it sells like hot cakes . If you think this man is better at reasoning and theory than Socrates then go ahead and lemer off of a cliff , if you realize that Socratic methods will be more benificial for our society , then support Socratic bassed works rather than this bunk.God save humanity ...
 Oh boy ! This book is fantastic ! There are so many good advices for me and you ! ` You can easily with the red score ! This is one of the best books in the world!Hups ... sorry . . I was just kidding : -RRB-
 BlinkIs there a certain standard that keeps a very interesting essay / article from turning into a book ? You see , the number of bloated books that I have been reading has triggered this question . A book like Blink , which discusses an interesting concept , could have been a great article in the NYT Magazine . A well developed article with enough evidence to convince the sceptic of the author 's argument . However , to go for , what it seems like 1,000 evidence of the same concept is a waste of time and gives the book a highly ` commercial ' feel.Picking on `` Blink '' again , I would have paid the same $ 9 had it been a 50 page book . Take a cue from Ben Hogan 's `` Five Lessons
 A review by Dr. Joseph SugliaMalcolm Gladwell 's BLINK -LRB- 2005 -RRB- is not a meticulously researched book . Nearly all of its ` research ' was derived from studies in THE JOURNAL OF PERSONALITY AND SOCIAL PSYCHOLOGY . In the book 's Notes -LRB- a mere seven pages in length -RRB- , you will count fifteen references to that journal and a few references to other sources.It seems appropriate that Gladwell 's research is so slipshod . After all , BLINK is like a war machine pitted against research in all forms . There simply is n't time to investigate and deliberate , after all . And the more you research , the less you will know.The more you think , the less you will know.BLINK celebrates and affirms pre-knowledge , the uncritical reflex , the snap judgment , the spur-of-the-moment decision.Our initial perception of things is always correct , according to Gladwell , unless our minds are led astray by some extraneous matter . And all of us would come to the same conclusions , as long as we refine our `` thin-slicing '' skills . `` To thin-slice , '' in this context , means to extract the salient meaning from an initial impression . All of us are afforded an immediate and direct insight into the atemporal essences of things.All of this is ` argued ' anecdotally . As I mentioned in the opening of the review , nearly all of the anecdotes were stolen from a single source . And in many cases , misappropriated . Gladwell tells us that students can instantly judge a teacher 's effectiveness as soon as s/he walks into the classroom . What Gladwell does n't tell us is that the article from which he derived this ` truth ' concerns the impact of a teacher 's perceived sex-appeal on course evaluations.How the ` glimpse ' actually works is never explained ; we are told , in several places , that instantaneous intuition `` bubbles up '' unbidden from the recesses of the `` adaptive unconscious . '' `` The '' adaptive unconscious , mind you , as if there could only be one . This is , of course , monism , and Gladwell believes in absolutes.Of course , one 's initial impressions may yield profitable results . But to say that one 's immediate intuition of the world is inherently superior to slow and careful thinking is madness . One should beware of any mysticism , and Gladwell 's blank intuitionism could easily be put in the service of a fascistic Wille zur Macht.BLINK 's target audience is composed of Hollywood producers , literary agents , advertisers , and military strategists . You will learn in this book that films that exhibit Tom Hanks are superior to those that do not , that margarine tastes better when packaged in foil , that music sounds better when marketed the right way to the right people , that military strikes should be carried out without discipline or forethought . The surface impression is everything . Submit to your impulses!BLINK is American pop-culture 's defense of its own stupidity.Dr . Joseph Suglia
 This book is a series of trivial little stores with vast conclusions drawn to fit the authors needs . In short , we often make decisions -LRB- quick or not -RRB- . Some correct and some incorrect . I just ca n't express my disappointment with this book . I can not find any conclusions in this book that are not contradicted later . This is not a self help or an improvement book , just stories how decisions affects our lives . The stories are interesting but drawn out so much that you can skip chapters and not miss anything .
 I guess the thinner the slice the better the decision , so I should make decisions on no information and select leaders with the least experience . Should have talked more about knowing when enough info is sufficient and how to identify the risks involved with making decisions rather than pushing the line that less really is more . His sources are a bit suspect to anyone that knows them , but , with enogh salt , this book gives some points to ponder .
 Throughout the book , the author offers numerous examples of how people make snap judgments , and how some of these are harmful while others are more accurate than decisions made after over-analysis . Unfortunately , though , the author does n't say much about how to distinguish the two . I think we all know that people make snap decisions and that some work out and some do n't . Gladwell tells us little more than that . For a book like this , it would 've been much more helpful if Gladwell could offer insights as to how and when people should use snap judgments rather than just offering examples of them .
 Gladwell writes interestingly and clearly about some interesting research . But it does n't stick together for me ; seems more a compilation of essays than a cohesive book . Nor do I believe the main simplistic conclusion people tend to draw from it is justified or helpful.More specifically , Blink does n't at all justify the general simplification so many seem to be taking that it 's ALWAYS -LRB- or even nearly always -RRB- best to go with immediate intuition/gut feel rather than more deliberate decision-making . Rather , one of the key aspects of judgement and decision-making is knowing when to go with a quick intuitive assessment and when a systematic approach is needed . Blink does n't help me much with that at all ; rather it seems to obscure the issue in my view.Hence I see the first chapters of ` Nudge ' as a better popular introduction to decision-making . The first author of Nudge -LRB- Thaler -RRB- has the depth of experience in decision-making research that Gladwell lacks .
 If you read the first chapter of this book , you 'll get the point he 's trying to make . It 's an interesting point , but it should be summed up in a 10 page article , not a 200 page book . -LRB- I 've also read that the results of the studies he cites in his first chapter are exaggerated -RRB-
 Had to pick this up for a class , and as with most examples of Gladwell 's work , all you get are sloppy examples that may or may not loosely apply to the word he has chosen for a title . All he does is provide shaky examples of what he want 's to `` prove '' without giving any kind of nod to a counter example . To make matters worse the topic of the book is a dangerous one for people who believe that Malcom Gladwell has anything good to say . Please , for the sake of mankind do not read this book .
 This book tells you two points
 I 'm taking the time to write this review only to add to the numbers of 1-star reviews , and therefore hopefully give potential buyers pause before purchasing . I do n't know when I 've been so disappointed by a book . The reason why I was so disappointed is because the introduction to the book , and the cover of the book stating it 's about `` the power of thinking without thinking , '' leads one to believe you 're going to get some solid information about how to harness the power of thinking without thinking . Psych ! Instead the book is -LRB- as the majority of reviews 2-stars and below point out -RRB- just a bunch of random anecdotes which teach the reader nothing about how to harness the power of thinking without thinking . The book cover and introduction are slick marketing which wrongfully lead the buyer to believe he or she will be getting some valuable information about how to begin effectively making snap decisions , and instead spend their time reading myriad stories about people who have made snap decisions . Super helpful . It 's like booking a hotel online which promises an `` ocean view , '' then getting to the hotel and realizing it 's nowhere near the beach.I will say that I relied on my gut feeling and started skimming through the book about 1/3 of the way through to see if he was ever going to actually provide any useful tools relating to making split decisions . After skimming to about 2/3 's of the way through , I decided to move to Amazon reviews , which confirmed my impression that the book was never going to get anywhere . So there 's an anecdote he can put in a future , revised edition of the book . My gut feeling saved me from experiencing the even greater annoyance I would have had by spending my time finishing a book that was already getting on my nerves .
 I read the entire book -LRB- nearly 300 pages -RRB- and not once does he tell you how to utilize/hone/refine / implement any of the thin-slicing skills that the book is about . It 's just a collection of short stories to prove the point that thin-slicing is as effective as exhaustive scientific research . This would be an excellent book for an undergrad Intro to Psychology class , but for someone looking to learn how to apply those skills in the real world , it is awful . What makes it so bad is that he implies that readers are going to come away with some sense of how to utlize their thin-slicing skills . I am actually upset that I read this entire book . I wish I could get my Sunday back .
 This book does nothing more than skims the surface on the subject of snap judgments and general psychology . Gladwell does nothing more than report on the subject matter , offering no depth , no analysis , no digging deeper into associated concepts to help the reader better understand the context and material in the book ; not to mention that the more cognitive types will find it - quite literally - an empty read.Read it like a news story if you must , because in my opinion it 's just one long-winded , repetitive news article.Cheers .
 Blink is a fun read , full of interesting anecdotes presented in Gladwell 's typical writing style -- threaded together from one to the next , like one big dinner party discussion . And if this is all one expects , it is enough . But Blink also tries to make an argument , and the weakness of that argument ultimately spoils the book.For anyone who 's read Gladwell 's writings in The New Yorker , Blink will be familiar in its off-beat focus on , well , whatever . Having previously written on such diverse subjects as the appeal of ketchup and job interviewing , Gladwell seems to be merely presenting a collection of stories about `` thin slicing '' , as he calls it -- the ability of people to make snap judgements . But in fact , Gladwell tries to convince the reader of the latent power of the brain 's `` thin slicer '' , to show that deliberation , logic , and carefully conscious thinking can , in fact , be drawbacks . It is here that Blink falls apart.First , Gladwell is never really clear on what his definition of `` thin slicing '' is -- some vague form of intuition , of course , but past that he focuses very little on what , neurologically , he actually believes is going on . Instead , he sticks to these anecdotes , which , in fact , frequently do n't really help his case.In fact , Blink could be forgiven for a little bit of vagueness -- as a pop author , Gladwell knows his readers do n't want heavy science and dry evidence collecting . But the skewed , unconvincing , often contradictory evidence presented by his anecdotes is sometimes unforgivable . For example , he presents , at one point , the story of a professor so skilled at reading facial expressions that , just by looking at a few frames of video , he could identify the members of a peaceful South American tribe as easy going , while he picked out members of a warrior tribe with a tradition of homosexuality as violent people with `` much evidence to suggest homosexuality . '' Are we really expected to take this story as proof that one can identify violent traits , not to mention sexual habits , merely from facial expressions?Gladwell sticks to his pop-science in many of his other anecdotes , eschewing unbaised accounts and empirical evidence in favor of interesting stories and , even , interpreting each account to uniformly support his hypothesis -LRB- careful readers of the Cook County Hospital story can be forgiven for wondering if this does n't in fact disprove the power of intuition -RRB- . Understandably , Gladwell does n't want to author a dry book of psychology that will sit on shelves in university libraries , but he owes it to the reader to get his facts straight and hold himself to the same standards as , well , real scientists . Read this book if you need to pick up some conversation starters . Do n't bother if you want to learn anything concrete .
 Blink is a shifting , slippery , difficult book . This is rather a strange thing to say about the book as a general statement because it 's written in very , very plain language , is aimed clearly at a mass -LRB- though literate -RRB- audience , and is a very brisk read in a very svelte book . Many readers will describe it as eminently `` readable . `` Yet , we have a problem . Blink lacks a kind of focus . Good , academic non-fiction will have a point , or a statement of purpose , or a principle to prove . It will have something to say . Guns , Germs , and Steel by Jared Diamond is an excellent example of this . The Mind 's Sky by Timothy Ferris is another.Blink really does not . It is a book that has a very interesting subject and has some very interesting things to say about that subject but lacks the academic courage to declare anything about the subject that might be ultimately useful to the reader or testable by a researcher -LRB- this despite many anecdotal stories regarding researchers delving in to this topic -RRB- . The subject at hand is snap-judgments -- or , as the book has it , `` the power of thinking without thinking . '' It is the instinctive sense that our conscious mind makes decisions based upon innumerable and subtle details our subconscious is picking up or , in some cases , where certain training and expertise makes the perceiver unusually sensitive to subtle details others might miss . These conscious decisions come to us instantaneously , overwhelmingly , and ineffably . The author describes this as `` thin-slicing . '' These details coalesce within the subconscious ways that enable the conscious mind to make a very quick , often very accurate decision . The opening section of the book lively describes the process with the story of an art museum acquiring a statue -LRB- kouros -RRB- and how they went about trying to verify its authenticity . It 's an interesting topic that will grab the attention of everyone from the curious dilettante in psychology to the hard-nosed salesman in the business world.But Blink then lapses in to a pattern that ultimately leads nowhere . It firstTells us how very , very accurate `` thin-slicing '' can be , thenHow experts can use thin-slicing to make even better , cooler decisions , thenHow awfully misleading thin-slicing can be -- particularly in inexpert hands -- along with a discussion of prejudice , then finallyA summation of how people should find a balance between accurate and inaccurate thin-slicing . What is lacking in this book is any kind of scientific rigor . It is replete with stories -- many of them amusing -- and very interesting concepts . But there are no control groups , laboratory experiments , testable circumstances , or even corollaries speculating on the use or mis-use of thin-slicing . There is nothing ultimately useful about the book . The best that can be said about it , in the end , is that we now have a label and a term for what would customarily be regarded as first impressions.There is a worse and ancillary effect of this book as well . People who read it cover-to-cover will find it wanting due to a lack of rigor . To them , it will at best provide some interesting casual conversation topics . But for the business community -- a group of readers notorious for reading bullet points instead of paragraphs , executive summaries instead of full reports , and opening chapters instead of entire books -- they will take this book , read the first few sections learning how exciting and accurate thin-slicing can be . Then , they will begin to apply that knowledge to the business world far out of proportion for what is wise to do . You see , they will never make it to the more cautionary sections at the end . If Blink becomes a popular business book , it will wreak incalculable damage on the business community as it teaches the struggling middle-manager new terms by which poor decision-making based upon first impressions are made.That is a scary thing.READ MORE AT INCHOATUS.COM
 Substantively not as good as `` The Tipping Point '' , but delivered with the same easy prose . Especially in the beginning , there are some interesting recounts of real life situations . Throughout the book the author draws some conclusions that are tenuous at best and thus the book is probably better if read with a critical eye . The number of copies sold may be misleading in regards to the real world , business knowledge that can be drawn from the book . All in all , I recommend this book as simple , leisure read that should be approached critically .
 An entire book that provides nothing more than a problem with no solution . How this book made it onto the front marketing tables at my bookstore , I have no idea other than Gladwell 's hair . It 's certainly not his propensity for choosing interesting topics . You could get this information , along with informative insight and possible solutions to the problems he presents , by watching some kid show on PBS . Do n't waste your time .
 Starts off very interesting as if there was some grand scheme that was about to be revealed . However , as the book progressed I was left wondering where all these examples were leading . I finished the book and had n't learned anything new and was thoroughly disappointed . Do n't waste your time or money .
 After reading this book , I 'm left with a whole lot of cool little stories , but no real point . What was the thesis ? What was the conclusion ? I 'm still confused.It did hold my attention , though .
 The two stars are for the interesting subject matter of the book only ... the ` adaptive unconscious ' . Unfortunately the author is not a subject matter expert . He relates a handful of anecdotes he 's obtained from others and tells them over and over throughout the book . This book was in desperate need of another editor . The author should stick to shorter format periodical writing . You wo n't get anything more out the book than what you can find in the reviews below . Save yourself the money and look for another read .
 A mis-mash of other peoples findings , not even pulled together into a cohesive whole . Thought the book might have some original ideas about how to change our snap judgements - NOT SO .
 This book starts off well enough . The stuff about Gottman and Eckman was fascinating . Then he gets into the car salesman , and the Warren G. Harding chapter , and the book goes nowhere . By the end of the book , I felt totally ripped off . This was like a short essay expanded into a boring book . If you really want to know about thin-slicing , read Arny Mindell - he can tell you how to do it effectively . Get this book out of the library and read the first sixty to eighty pages . Do n't waste your money on this book .
 If you consider yourself an intellectual -LRB- you know who you are ... Matrix is your favorite movie -RRB- you will appreciate reading this book . Thereafter , you will commit the anecdotal experiments to memory and will shamelessly flaunt them at wine tastings.The author introduces the concept of thin-slicing beyond the delicatessen . He also informs the reader that snap judgments are not merely relegated to NFL quarterbacks .
 This is Malcolm Gladbag 's follow up effort to , `` The Power of Farting without Farting , '' and Bruce Lee 's `` The Art of Fighting without Fighting . '' I took the quiz at the end of the book and got an A + . Thanks Malcolm!I defy anyone to give me a helpful vote for this review!No takers ? ...
 Well , I rushed out to buy Blink and after the first 20 pages or so , I realized that this book was not worth the money . The Tipping Point was an interesting book , but in this boring and silly volume the author tries to analyze all sorts of topics without the credentials to do so . The reader is left with information that seems upsupported and in some cases outdated . Moreover , the book needs a good editor . Even some of the basics of English have been overlooked . For example , the author mixes a singular object with a plural subject in this sentence , `` we need the ability to know our own mind . '' There are a number of examples of this throughout the book and it made me think that the author and the editor rushed to get this book published . What a disservice to readers and what a shame . You know one would think if the author is so good at examining the mind , he would be as good at catching first-grade grammatical errors .
 This book is full of promise and full of interesting stories . But ultimately , it does n't even end up proving or disproving any of the ideas on its jacket.Some people are good at trusting their instincts , and they end up right . Others are bad at trusting them . Other people 's instincts themselves are untrustworthy . Other people do n't trust their instincts . Some are right , some are wrong.It 's the equivalent of snob candy -- it feels like an intellectual book , but it really does n't say much of anything . It just makes you feel smart for a few minutes , if that.I 'd put money that no one will be talking about this book in two years . It 's just the flavor of -LRB- last -RRB- month .
 Ok so at the end of the book you are given the full belief that what you work out in your mind in the first couple of seconds of any situation you are right and just go with your `` gut '' instinct . Unless of course you are doing the cola challenge or rolling in a car with 3 other cops and are carrying weapons.The book is nice fast read but is hard to use for any practical application .
 It 's not clear whether this book has anything in it that could be called a ` theory ' . Gladwell -LRB- if he wrote it - there 's so much race awareness that I ca n't help wondering if the book was ghosted for a professional half-caste -RRB- has two characteristics , typical of the market aimed for
 Like many others I bought this book thinking that it contained more scientific information . The book is just a compilation of anecdotes that the author repeats over and over again . If you read the story about the Getty 's Kouros you have read the whole book .
 I too decided to read the book due to hype and enjoyed the beginning of the book . I soon found myself skimming forward due to the meaningless examples , military , doctors , etc. . Please , we all know that data can be ` sliced ' and manipulated to prove anything , even opposing viewpoints so why the long self-serving studies . I do n't disagree that certain subconscience responses can guide our actions and views , tell me how to tap into that . Tell me more practical applications and everyday life situations . I found the book to be 25 % value and 75 % filler .
 There are a few interesting stories -- loved the food tasters -- but there is also a lot of verbage to slog through to get to them.The author 's interview with Charlie Rose is what got me interested in reading the book . Mr. Gladwell is a better talker than writer.I am very grateful to have gotten this book out of the library instead of buying it .
 1 . The only reason I gave this a one star is that the material in this book -LRB- which is interesting -RRB- could have been markedly condensed . My `` blink '' thought prior to reading this book was , `` this is going to be a lame book ... I 'm going to be wasting my time on common sense stuff '' and as this book describes throughout the too many pages , I was right .2 . Thus , unless you want to waste your time reading redundant and somewhat boring material , just read some summary reviews , get the gist of the book and live life .
 I 'm surprised by all of the glowing reviews here . Unfortunately for me I suppose , this book was my introduction to Malcolm Gladwell . Was n't impressed.As another reviewer noted already , the idea was good in theory , but apparently very difficult to approach in practice . There were far too many anecdotes -LRB- some of which dreadfully recounted the procedures of quantitative research ... an absolute snore-fest -RRB- , and to top it off , some of the points CONTRADICTED each other to the point where one just could n't be sure what he was arguing for anymore . Judging from this book alone , Gladwell reminds me of one of those college professors that looks good on paper and in person , but does n't say very much anything at all . That one obnoxious tenured professor who reads directly from PowerPoint slides and then expects her/his demonstration of lazy thinking to pass for good teaching.If you 're the type of reader that recoils from the idea of using indirect -- possibly irrelevant and tangential -- anecdotes to make an argument , then you 'll probably , at the very least , strongly dislike this little number -LRB- ** SPOILER
 My writing would sound a little freaky - try weirdo sometimes - to the western mind ; but as a Muslim , what so called Blinks is part of your daily life . You are somehow told to always try to understand by perception what you can not see by your eyes.I have noticed that far-eastern philosophers and strategists entice their followers in the same manner
 A great read for those of you surrounded by button-down type A 's that have to dissect every problem and beat it to death before they can take action . Buy one for each of them , and give them ten dollars if they will read it!If you find yourself in meetings , or calling meetings to decide on the problem solving method to tackle the problem of Coke or Pepsi in your vending machine at work , you need this book .
 Having read recent articles written by Gladwell in the New Yorker , and having offered him the courtesy of access to information for the purposes of more objective reporting , and yet never hearing from him , it strikes me that the content of anything written by the author has to be taken as `` for comedic purposes only '' . How anyone can consider Gladwell a serious author or innovative thought leader needs to complete more detailed research in to his writing . Blink proves to be ample additional proof that in future generations , when school children are reviewing the work of early 21st century writers , Gladwell 's work will be used as an example of what NOT to aspire to ...
 Although many people does make decisions quickly and those decisions appear to come out of thin air , the author omit the fact that many of them may not want others to know why they make those decisions . Those intuition all based on many years experience and logic deduction , and the only way to be able to make those seemingly blink decision is to immerse yourself into the relevant environment and make many decisions based on facts and logics , eventually , you will be able to reach the level of making quick and correct decision without a lot of pondering .
 The first half of the book was definately worth the read and i would suggest you buy it just for the ladder half , however about halfway through he gets entirely off subject and starts talking about Coke-cola and Pepsi in taste tests vs entire drink tests etc. . . How things are advertised etc. . . I can see how it fits into the subject , about Thin slicing , but he got so far off subject that i was no longer able to hold an interest in the book and stopped about 3/4 the way through.The first half of the book talks about Thin slicing ; the process in which your mind relates the information it is receiving to past events in order to gain an understanding of it . He gives numerous examples of this and it is rich in detail . Definately a good read until he gets off subject . Two stars .
 Here 's some words that describe this lenghty and boring book - lenghty and boring to begin , not useful , too basic , did i mention boring ? Oh yes i did . Outier is a way better read . Blink is useless garbage . So disappointed.Follow your gut or do n't ? That is the question . Dumb question , just use your brain . Your gut is good for digestion , your brain is for deduction . Use that instead , unless you 're eating a hamburger .
 After several attempts to get feedback from them and more than a month of waiting , I still have no product . This company is not reliable and has zero customer service . Do not waste your time ordering ANYTHING from them .
 I had the original paperback version of this book , and gave it away to a friend.When I ordered another from Amazon , they sent me a 25 % smaller version of my book.It did n't say anything about shrinking the book before they sent it to me.I 'm a big man.I like big books.All the words were there ... . I just wish they would have been their original size .
 No wonder Michael Levine salivates whenever you mention this guys name . They both have the same approach to writing books . Take a bunch of ideas that are already out there and try to make it sound like they are your ideas . I believe that here in American we call that plagiarism.I would recommend this book to legal students looking for case studies in plagiarism , and if you really want to see plagiarism at its best then be sure to read Guerrilla PR by Michael Levine -- it is STOLEN entirely from Jay Conrad Levinson 's Guerrilla Publicity .
 about buying this book.What a load of garbage . This book , as some other reviewers have astutely pointed out , is a total waste of time . It simply serves to illustrate the point that anyone can and will do anything , find any niche , to make a buck . A complete travesty of time , energy and money . Avoid . No redeeming qualities whatsoever . Enough cliches ? Well , the bottom line is that they are all true . There really is nothing worthwhile offered by this author , and , by the end of this book , you are truly left feeling had . This author should stick to writing short articles for The New Yorker . That , if anything , is all he is truly suited for in terms of writing.Stick with what your gut is telling you about this book - it 's b.s. Good call .
 Blink , is predominately a collection of outcomes from previous research on unconscious thinking . In the first half of the book , the author tries to categorize rapid , unconsciousness decision making as an `` instinct '' that the human mind makes on its own . The second half of the book the author wonders off into a re-interpretation of unconscious thinking as something that is a product of extensive training and experience . The preface of the book is `` The power of thinking without thinking '' . With the two different interpretations of unconscious thinking , I am not sure the thesis of the book was proven . For anyone with little education into the human mind , this could be a good primer on unconscious thinking , otherwise , leave it alone .
 Much like The Tipping Point , Gladwell does well as a cocktail guest relating interesting stories and anecdotes . Many of these are insightful and fun , but altogether , they do not serve to back up any points layed out in the beginning of the book . Worse yet , several examples/chapters contradict the points made in others . For example , he states that there is great power in ` thin slicing ' , and that it can serve to come to logical conclusions automatically without thinking , then demonstrates how police officers mistakenly gun down innocent people because of the same process.He says that thin slicing should be done without prejudice , like the symphony auditions conducted behind a sheet for anonymity ... but his early favorite example of thin slicing is of art experts who ` instantly ' knew a statue was a fake , but they only knew this in the context of a gathering to determine authenticity , so suspicion was already in the air . Then he sites a musician who is only appreciated for his ` true ' genius when listened to in the right context of praise by trusted reviewers/musicians ... effectively requireing prejudice.The book then dives into a study on sensation transferrence , which would imply that genuine ` thin slicing ' of telling whether food , products , or people would be impossible for anyone but a person specifically trained or genetically predispositioned for the task at hand.I 'm almost afraid to think what people might try to take away from the book . If you dig deep into it , he 's saying that if you are trained extensively for years on some specialized thing , that your brain can automatically pick up on the few key things to classify a situation one way or another . This is not thinking without thinking ... this is thinking backed by exhaustive and comprehensive training . The person who knew with 95 % accuracy when a tennis player would double-fault was a tennis coach who spent his life analyzing the scenarios . The book jacket seems to imply that people can just trust their first snap judgements about anything .
 I found this book pretty shallow . I think the same message could have been communicated in a short essay or paragraph . 95 % of the book is examples which simply dilute the basic message .
 I bought this book all excited because various critics raved about it . I also love insights into human behavior . Was I ever disappointed ? Mr Gladwell starts off well , his stories reporting seemingly unusual events are interesting and well written , his analysis highly flawed and his agenda pretty evident . I would suggest that Mr Gladwell stick to books telling amusing anecdotes , and leave the analysis of these anecdotes to psychologists because he does n't have a clue . His conclusions on speed dating and the car salesman is stretching the truth so far that its quite amazing that a publisher would bother publishing this as anything other than fiction .
 I just heard Malcolm Gladwell on CNN . He actually said that as soon as he grew his hair into what was a mini-afro , which he was sporting during the interview with Anderson Cooper - he started getting speeding tickets all of a sudden , as well as being hassled at the airport on a regular basis . It was such a lie . If you ever see a picture of this man , you 'll know he 's lying . He ai n't getting hrassed at the airport looking like that , that 's for sure . So we know right off that he 's a liar . Anderson Cooper laughed thinking it was a joke for a second and asked him if he was serious . Gladwell said that he was actually serious . I did n't buy it ; I 'm not sure about Anderson but if he did n't he would n't have shown it , anyway . Gladwell is an obvious fake . No need to elaborate any further.My problem with Gladwell is that he takes valid points outside the context of his arguments and then ties them to his own totally subjective conclusions . The IAD tests he mentions are a total joke . Most of the book is common sense stuff that sgould only surprise you if you 're not that bright to begin with . His analysis on height biase is also just common sense extrapolated from some out of context example and then added to subjective conclucions.Most of the biase is actually from Gladwell himself , who is ONLY in favour of an analysis which shows height and race and other biases . An analysis that would explore an alternative interpretation is n't even explored by Gladwell . Why not ? In the end , Gladwell succedes only in promoting paranoia by creating new target groups and unfairly exaggerating the disadvantages of others . Do n't buy this book . He makes alot of money by giving naive people a lot of nothing to worry about . GLADWELL
 I have never written a review before but I owe it any unsuspecting reader out there to tell you ... DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY -- THIS BOOK IT IS HORRIBLE !!!!! Seriously someone published this guy ? The book was a bunch of antidotes that did n't deserve the page space that they received . There was maybe a small nuance of a point but it was so minor that it was n't really a point at all . This is highway robbery . I wish desperately I could get a refund . I read about 50 books a year and this is hands down the most horrible waste of time and worst book I have ever read !!
 Some points make sense ; many do n't . The viewpoints could have been well delivered in a five-page magazine article.Sensible stuff : - Much information may be extracted from a brief encounter -LRB- for instance , the lab that fairly accurately predicts success in marriage from viewing the brief conversation of a couple -RRB- Stuff that is n't sensible to me : - More analysis can be inferior to less analysis -LRB- I consider one major example used simply unpersuasive
 If you 've read the Tipping Point , you might be disappointed by Blink . I 'm not sure what happened between the two , but Blink is very hard to read and not as interesting as the Tipping Point . Being a self proclaimed `` Maven '' , I was telling everyone about the Tipping Point . While I would n't bad mouth Mr. Gladwell , I tell people it 's not as good as the Tipping Point , which , by the way , is a MUST read ...
 I grabbed the book of an airport bookstore ... a known author ... a catchy title ... a good opening ! From there it was downhill . Lesson learned ... do n't buy a book with such minimal information . Read reviews or borrow it from the library first !
 I 've read many self-help books . I picked up this one espcially because I have `` The Thinker '' personality and it usually takes me time to take in data and decipher information before I make a decision . I can sum up the idea of `` Blink '' in a blink : When it comes to making a decision , often times , there 's something inborn in us that -LRB- your gut -RRB- that can make the `` right '' decision for you in three seconds . So follow your gut ! On the other hand , our guts are prejudice at times , and they can lead us to make the wrong decision . So be aware of prejudices you have before going with your gut.The book is filled with examples wherein people made wrong judgements in a blink , such as the electing of Warren Harding as US President , New Coke and Amadou Diallo . Although the books tells you that the right decision can easily come by you , it is short on HOW people can make the right decisions in a blink - and that 's what 's most disappointing of all .
 I would recommend one borrow not purchase this book , and after the half-way point return it . I found the first half extremely interesting and captivating . The remainder loses the reader in a case with racial overtones and fails to establish a logical relationship with the first half . I read a comment by another that seemed apropos
 Gladwell said all he needed to say in the first 10 pages . Need I say more ?
 Alright , I did start it , but I could not finish it . It was that boring . Do n't make a snap judgment though , you should read it for yourself and realize that anyone without a brain can get published these days . A former boss who liked to drink and employ the services of hookers gave our team this as a Christmas gift which were some of the many Blink judgments he made .
 For a book that has received so much acclaim , I 'm surprised by the number of logic holes in Malcolm Gladwell 's arguments . He is also very verbose and talks about many random things that are unrelated to the topic of the book . The arguments look like obvious attempts to make money by deceiving the general public . By far , one of the poorest books I 've read in a long time .
 My gut feeling after reading a few pages was that I should n't waste my time by reading this book . I still did . My gut feeling was right - I found the book quite noninteresting and repetitive save for a few passages .
 The author feeds you some entertaining anecdotes about everyting from the fraud archelogical findings to cops in extreme circumstances to marketing research . Unfortunately , the point of the book is a very primitive one
 My first intuition for this book was good -LRB- or what Gladwell would say `` was my gut intuition '' -RRB- , but I failed . This book is boring , full of repetitive examples -LRB- some of them very interesting , specially the first chapters -RRB- , but at the end you get nothing in conclusion . We all know that people with more experience on their fields can get a very accurate explanation to some phenomena with very little information , is this new ? My gut intuition did not work for this book .
 When I saw ` The Power of Thinking Without Thinking ' in the store , I instantly thought that it was just another shelf-stacker designed to fleece gullible readers and to secure for the author ten minutes of frivolous fame on the chat show circuit . But after skimming it , I thought it might offer positive insights into the all-too-human habit of immediate judgments . Having now read it , I will be forever grateful to Malcolm Gladwell for proving that my initial assessment , albeit hasty , had been right . Had I applied the power of thinking without thinking in the store , I would have saved myself $ 15 .
 I do not understand why this book earned decent reviews . The people who gave this book 4-5 stars , are they real ? or are they part of Marketing tricks nowadays . This book was the most naggingly-redundant book I 've ever read , constantly repeating scenes and lessons like my mom would with her stories . I 'm no expert , Im just the average Juan who wants a good read . . and being average makes me wonder what is wrong with these `` experts '' giving it a thumbs up . I could have bought a different book if it werent for these people giving it a good review . Just another tall tale , skip this one , it aint worth it .
 For all of you readers who think that Blink will be as good as The Tipping Point , you are sadly mistaken . Sure , this book has fun ideas , but it also has no real point , no real insight , and offers you nothing to take away . I think this book is very much like Psych 101 , you finally have a name to put to things you already know about , and can do nothing with the information but forget it . I would like to recommend that you simply re-read The Tipping Point .
 I picked this book up at Borders yesterday morning for something interesting to read . Unfortunately , part-way through , I started BLINKING uncontrollably ... I then went into what I can only describe as a comatose state and did n't wake up until the very next morning - what a strange phenomenon ! Fortunately , since I was able to return this book for a full refund today , I believe that no permanent damage was done ... Now to the content
 I thought , hoped that this would be as good as the Outliers . It was n't . I did n't finish it , which I rarely do n't .
 Malcolm Gladwell has pulled together a series of nicely-told anecdotes about ... . something . He does n't put much effort into trying to explain what is going on , whether in fact anything interesting actually is going on , nor does he make a convincing case that the various examples he uses actually have anything in common . I could n't see much connection among museum curators being able to recognize fake sculptures , psychologists predicting the strength of a couple 's relationship based on watching a conversation , and a former Special Forces soldier using unconventional guerilla tactics to outwit the military establishment . Gladwell 's journalistic background comes through in his easy writing style and lack of intellectual rigor . It 's easy to read and easy to forget .
 In a blink ... `` BLINK
 The premise of the book is that `` instinct '' or hunches can be formed by a first glance -LRB- thin slices -RRB- of information inputs ; this data sometimes is enough as our subconscience focuses on what is really important in that decision long before we can clearly articulate our analysis of the data inputs . On that note , the key thin slice of information you need to know is
 The book Blink is nothing more than a collection of anecdotes about snap judgements and decision making without thinking . The problem is that there is very little science or other supporting evidence to back up or explain the phenomena that are the subject of this book . The book is more pop science than a work of serious study.God forbid if more people think without thinking . We have enough of that as it is in business , government , and other areas where real thinking and leadership are required .
 Here 's a glimpse from the recent NYT article
 I am sad to say how disappointed I was with Blink . After reading Tipping point I expected this book to be another phenomenal book , making the complex simple . Alas it did what Einstien warned us about `` Make things as simple as possible and not any simpler . `` This book tried to argue that we need to let go of the logical thought and analytical thinking in favor of gut feelings . `` Think '' by Michael LeGault is a rebuttal to this book and I think it is worth reading in conjunction with Blink . Why ? because implications of pattern based thinking -LRB- whcih is how our brain processes information at the fundamental level -RRB- and what Blink argues for , is deeply powerful , yet is a fundamental imperative to use the carefully balanced approach in decision making that uses instinct and mixes it with analytical thinking . Without this balance our society can be regressing towards middle ages as opposed to advancing towards the next creative era of growth .
 You have got to be kidding ! Tedious anecdotal `` stuff '' . It saddens me to think THIS was a best seller and I actually bought it !
 On the face of it , journalists leave us academics in the shade . They get to speak and write authoritatively on a vast range of subjects , versus our pathetic little micro-specializations . Moreover , they do so in the public domain , adding the luster of `` public intellectual '' . They often do this with zero academic qualifications , or indeed anything we would recognize as `` knowledge '' in our mean-spirited ways . Finally , they get paid extremely well for their trade books , particularly if they already have day jobs , and can hold those jobs without anything we call `` qualifications '' in our jealous little minds.Why then is journalism of `` popular science '' nature often held in such contempt ? this book 's fundamental thesis on `` thin slicing '' , the tautological idea that suitably attuned experts are , in fact , expert , relates to cognitive science . This subject studies mind as an informational system ; it incorporates elements of philosophy , psychology , linguistics , AI , ethnoscience and - increasingly - neuroscience and other biological sciences . However , perhaps a suitably equipped journalist can just raid the area and - Blink ! - all is made clearSo we get a range of examples , well-commented on already . To see the real argument , de Sousa 's 1980 's textThe Rationality of Emotion -LRB- Bradford Books -RRB- is still worth looking at ; it is described on P. 63 ff ofThe Search for Mind
 I do n't understand what the rage is about this book . I found it to be disjointed and lacking in real actionable or interesting information . We should study Gladwell in terms of how he has somehow managed to have an entire generation of savvy business leaders depend on what he says when his own real experience in leading a business is nil.In terms of marketing , and leadership I would recommend `` Beyond Buzz
 I bought the book before a flight after reading the adulatory comments on the front and back.It started well , with the premise that the subconsious forms a conclusion long before the consious mind is aware of it . I suppose it is obvious , but he makes the point well.From there things get a bit lost . Reading along I soon realised that I was nearing the end and the number of pages left for a profound and all-encompassing conclusion was rapidly diminishing.Unfortunately it never came.This is a very short book which promises much but delivers little . I hope that the author will follow up with something more worthy of the title . It is really just a collection of true stories , mostly about racial or sexual prejudice , which leave a bad taste in the mouth . Each story is drawn out as well , a little like the History Channel.I 'm sure that there is a good book somewhere in this subject matter , but I ca n't for the life of me reconcile the reviews that this book has received -LRB- Compelling , Astonishing , Brilliant -RRB- with my experience . Maybe they only read the first chapter . Maybe I missing something.Since reading this book I have been looking around and found this one : The Genie Within
 I am a great admirer of Malcolm Gladwell 's writing , having read him for years in `` The New Yorker '' and loving `` The Tipping Point , '' his earlier book . But `` Blink '' is no `` Tipping Point . `` The idea here is that people often have intuitive first impressions that are more valid and valuable than carefully considered , well-thought-out , researched conclusions . Except when they are n't , because first impressions of individuals , for example , can be clouded by -LRB- and Gladwell even discusses this -RRB- such matters as attractiveness , gender , race -- and even height -LRB- what Gladwell calls the `` Warren Harding '' error -RRB- . And how are we to know when our quick-as-a-blink reaction is valid and when it is n't ? Well , that 's the problem with the book . Ever experienced love-at-first-sight and then realized the person was n't really everything you thought s/he was ... ? This entire book flies in the face of an excellent article Gladwell wrote in 2000 called `` The New-Boy Network '' -LSB- ... -RSB- about how worthless the typical job interview is -LRB- because it relies too much on gut impressions -RRB- and how `` structured interviews '' are the only worthwhile ones -LRB- an excerpt from the article
 This book suffers from numerous problems . The first is that while it claims to be about `` the power of thinking without thinking , '' this is only one of three ideas that are discussed . The failure to mention the other ideas in the title might have been acceptable if they were mentioned explicitly in the text , but it is unclear that Gladwell realizes the distinction . The second problem is that the book is made up of six distinct essays , and they have been sloppily edited to produce a book that is simultaneously disjoint and repetitive . Though perhaps the second problem is really just a symptom of the third problem , that Gladwell 's style is painfully repetitive to begin with . Gladwell does not simply beat dead horses , he beats the dust into which he has reduced their carcasses . The fourth problem is that towards the end of the book Gladwell goes off on a tangent about `` situational autism '' that is both poorly motivated and very likely to offend the autistic community . And finally , rather than having an introduction and conclusion that tie the book together , these sections present whole new situations ; the conclusion in particular seems largely unrelated to the rest of the book.The book has four points . First , is that the human mind has an impressive ability to process information at an unconscious level very quickly . For instance , by listening to a brief snippet of a doctor speaking , even if the recording is digitally altered so that all you can hear is the tone , you can very accurately determine whether the doctor has good bedside manner . Similarly , by watching a few seconds of a college professor 's lecture , even with the sound turned off , you can make a remarkably accurate determination of whether the professor is a good lecturer.The second point is that this ability often leads us astray . Our unconscious can be shown to harbor prejudices against blacks , women , and others , and these prejudices are bad for both us and society . And on a less socially relevant note , people consistently prefer the taste of liquor that comes in fancy bottles . The book gives absolutely no advice about how to improve our unconscious 's attitudes towards either minorities or conventional packaging of foodstuffs.Without explicitly mentioning it , the book points out the importance of making decisions based on relevant information , rather than large quantities of irrelevant data . The best example of this is given in the introduction . An apparently ancient Greek statue is analyzed with all sorts of fancy chemistry equipment , and the lab technicians come back and say that the marble is indeed from an ancient Greek quarry and that the surface of the marble has a chemical composition that is usually the result of centuries of weathering . On the other hand , any art historian worth his salt can tell you that the feet of the statue are carved in a style never seen in any other Greek statue . While the information from the chemists seems more concrete -LRB- their equipment costs more -RRB- , the relevant fact here is the style of carving in the feet-the statue is a modern forgery.Finally , the book talks about ways to improve decision making under intense time pressure , for instance in a military engagement or police shootout . The conclusion , not surprisingly , is that practice making split-second decisions is important . Also , if you can slow down the pace of the engagement in order to allow yourself more time , you should do so , but if slowing down gives your opponents a greater advantage , you should n't . If you have made it through this review , there is certainly no need to read the book . Every idea Gladwell had has been summarized and clarified here . Which should really make you wonder how he stretched the book past 20 pages , let alone 200 !
 One anecdotal story after another with a weak conclusion -LRB- which was yet another anecdotal story -RRB- attempting to tie it all up left me flat . Here 's my summary
 I was about to buy the book , since the subject and the assumed hypothesis look appealing and interesting . Then my Amazon friend Conan wrote a rather lukewarm review and I delayed the purchase . Then I found the book on my daughter 's shelf . Thanks to Conan for saving my money.I borrowed the book and read it . In a blink I thought it was as interesting as it had promised . It took me more than a blink to find out , that it does not deliver
 the basic thesis of the book is as follows
 This may be one of the worst historical books I 've read . There is no perspective , so you see four years of Charles ' life as if it were an isolated period with no analysis of the impact of the Moors in Spain , the betrothal discussions with Irene in the Byzantine Empire , and Baghdad is simply an island of a short story with the only impact on Charlemagne being the elephant he was sent.If you want to understand this part of history , then this definitely is n't the book to get . If you really want to understand the religious perspective that Charles of Tour and Pepin started , begin with Gregory of Tours . Then read Einhard 's history of Charlemagne -LRB- they can be a trudge ... but , worth it -RRB- . Then get some perspective with Henri Pirenne 's book .
 I was actually quite excited to have found this book , but that excitement , unfortunately , gradually wore off as I read it . `` Becoming Charlemagne '' has to rank near the bottom of my list of favorite history books . And I enjoy history.I have two main criticisms of this book . One , the writing style . Sypeck does not write like I would expect a historian to , but rather an English/literature enthusiast -- one who likes to tell stories . The result is a heavily romanticized account of Charlemagne 's life -LRB- sort of -RRB- . If I wanted to read a fairy tale or tons of speculation on what Charlemagne MAY HAVE thought , I would have read a kids ' storybook . Not this . I expected `` Becoming Charlemagne '' to be more scholarly -- sadly , Sypeck 's writing style brings the book down a peg.Secondly , the book jumps around too much . In the span of approximately fifty pages , readers are exposed to the beating of Pope Leo , the history of the city of Baghdad , the controversy over icons , and the wicked ways of Irene , Queen of Byzantium . Then there 's the whole deal with the elephant . All of this would be interesting if it had been connected somehow , if Sypeck had demonstrated for his readers that all of these disparate threads connected and enabled Charlemagne to rise to power . The subtitle of the book led me to believe that this would , in fact , happen . But it did not . I would have abandoned the book long ago , but I kept reading hoping that something would happen to make me go , `` Aha ! It all makes sense now . '' But nothing did.Sypeck obviously knows a lot about Charlemagne and this time period , though . Some stars for that .
 This minimalist popular work of history , written by a medieval literature professor , attempts to shed some light on a larger than life figure from the late eighth century , the Frankish king Karl , later known as Charlemagne . The book is at best an overview of the powerful forces and individuals of the times , be they religious or military , with cursory depictions of the nature of basic life , harsh as it was , ranging geographically from northern Europe and Italy to Constantinople and Baghdad.The author acknowledges that there is only a scanty record of Charlemagne 's life , consequently he , in the manner of historical fiction , often relies on recreation of scenarios as he imagines them or creative interpretations of the writings of various poets and religious figures , most of all of whom wrote in a flowery manner largely worded to flatter the king Karl . Charlemagne remains more an enigma than not . He appears to be a Frankish warlord of above average ability , who had a penchant for surrounding himself with some of the leading minds of the day - of course , all of whom were religious officials or monks . Karl may have had intellectual pretensions , but apparently was unable to grasp the concept of writing . It 's rather doubtful that he had some grand vision of a united Europe ; he had his hands full putting down constant threats from regional rivals , especially the Saxons . The best evidence for the lack of such a vision conceived by Karl is the return to the old splintered order just years after his death.The author begins and ends his book with the coronation of Karl as the Holy Roman Emperor by Pope Leo III in 800 AD . The author seems to have ignored the irony of the Pope being protected by descendants of the very Germanic tribes that sacked Rome in the previous centuries . The author also gives some attention to the intrigues of the empress Irene in the eastern portion of the old Roman Empire as well as to the powerful caliph of Baghdad , who felt compelled to send Karl an elephant . Maybe the most interesting bit in the entire book is the origin of `` iconoclast , '' which refers to the edict of Irene 's predecessor to destroy religious idols or icons.The book does not succeed as history . The author abruptly jumps from one subject or locale to the next with incomplete or confusing accounts of the matter at hand . In such a short book , the author has attempted to cover far too much of the world as known at that time - historical context suffers as a consequence . Furthermore , the author hardly makes clear the basis of the myth of Charlemagne . He was the most powerful European warlord during a relatively brief period of time to whom others paid homage , including the Pope . However , his influence scarcely lasted beyond his death .
 This should really be promoted as a book for young readers , say between 10 and 14 . It 's not really an adult read . Right away the absence of real footnotes is a clue , as is the breezy , non-serious style . There 's a lot of mood setting description , amost poetic , but totally irrelevent to the subject . Plus , there is a curious lack of meaning about the whole.The writer describes many disparate events in the years 797-800 , the last few years before Charlemagne 's famous crowning as `` Emperor of the Romans '' by the Pope . The events take place in a number of locations widely dispersed
 Sad but true . I read this book when we were first considering outsourcing . It sounded like a dream come true - cheap , compliant labor at bargain rates . So we jumped in , outsourcing our IT dept. and even some of our legal services.Now we 're facing half a dozen lawsuits . It seems that Indian paralegals do n't understand the concept of client confidentiality . They misused some of our client 's information and now we 're paying the price.If we can stay in business till '05 I plan to move everything back to Florida . Maybe I can sue the author for the lousy advice his book gives .
 I have to agree with the last reviewer , that this book is a bit of a disappointment . Perhaps that is due more to my expectations of the book than the actual content . What I was looking for was concrete techniques to assist in raising children bilingually , with information backed up by research from the field . There is a large amount of research on the topic of bilingualism , and it would be nice to find it summarized in a single volume . However , this is a series of excerpts taken from various parents in bilingual situations together with reasonably obvious statements , with little relation to linguistic research . While the various opinions from parents were interesting , this could be found online at a bilingual forum . The rest , you will probably already know by instinct .
 As an expectant mother of bi-cultural , bi-racial , and hopefuly bi-lingual child , I am reading any kind of books which might help me . On the contrary to many praises , this book was a big dissapointment for me . The authors keep repeating the same thing chapter after chapter , and failed to give any concrete evidence to explain why . If you just want to read many bits and pieces opinions from bilingual children 's parents , this may be the right book for you . I rather recommend `` The Bilingual Family . ''
 For obvious reasons this book should be easy to read . Unfortunately it is n't , especially not if you 're not English -LRB- and due to the theme of the book , at least one of two readers could be expected to be non English -RRB- . The book is full of incredibly long sentences and woolly language and the constant use of terms like ` minority language ' and ` majority language ' is very confusing.So far for the style . Now the content . Contrary to the subtitle it 's not practical at all . One parent should speak one language , the other should speak the other , both should be consistent - that 's the message that is repeated over and over again , and it 's about the only practical advice you 'll find here . The rest is a heap of possible situations without really valuable tips . Most of the comments from bilingual parents you 'll read in this book seem out of context and are therefore not useful.Why a 2 stars rating and not 1 ? The book was written with honest intentions and I think the authors did their best . But , Mr. Publisher , where was your editor ?
 I do n't find this book to resemble a practical guide so much as one family 's account of their experience . Furthermore , their experience is n't representative enough of typical bilingual families to serve many readers much good . I quickly grew tired of their personal examples and wished for more neutral guidance . As a result , I found myself struggling to bother past the first few chapters and ultimately feel I was mislead by the title and therefore selected the wrong book .
 I got both the workbook and the textbook . I found them both confusing , with each item of grammar insufficiently explained . These books might work fine in a classroom setting with an instructor to clarify things , but I do not recommend them for use on one 's own
 This was my first Elizabeth Bear novel . I was encouraged by the positive blurbs on her earlier books by people like David Brin and Mike Resnick . Perhaps I should have been warned by the absence of blurbs for this book ... I enjoy SF that explores unusual social setups , so my initial reaction to a book about a pair of male homosexual agents representing Old Earth to a female-ruled society on New Amazonia was positive . However , if an author spins a new society , it is his or her responsibility to make it credible . Neither society was very believable for many reasons , e.g. , on New Amazonia the males are dominated by the women to the point of slavery . Yet these same males are bred for combativeness so that they will perform well in the ritual combats . Is it believable that such males will tolerate this dominance?None of the characters is sympathetic or interesting or fully developed . I did n't care what happened to any of them . This makes it difficult to sustain interest in the book.Finally , the book just does not seem to be well written . The author too often introduces new ideas or terms or refers to previous events without explaining them . This was so striking that several people in our SF discussion group asked if this was a sequel to another book because so much was left unclear . A good SF writer is able to set up suspense in a way that intrigues rather than annoys and to fill in any background necessary to help the reader envision the world that is created.In sum , unbelievable world-building , unsympathetic characters , and bad writing . That is why I say the cover was the best part !
 CAVEAT
 This book is nothing like what you would expect from Brockmann . It has absolutely nothing in it that you would buy a Brockmann book for . I to also disliked this book immensely , and had to force myself to finish it ! I certainly hope this is n't a new trend that Brockmann is starting to follow .
 I HATED this book . I think this is her worst in the series by far . I did n't care for Joan at all . I got tired of her `` He 's so Freakin ' young '' comments . There 's only 6 years difference between them ! Geez . I liked the Mike Muldoon character , although for the life of me , I do n't know why he kept pursuing Joan . They barely knew each other , and she kept giving him the brush off . What 's the point ? I also do n't like that they wo n't be living together . I just do n't believe that they would make it work after just meeting , getting married , then living states apart . With today 's divorce rate , somehow their relationship will last ? Yes , I know it 's fiction , but it should still be believable.I also guess I 'm one of the few that like Alyssa with Max . He really likes her and takes care of her . I hope that those two stay together . I do n't care for the Sam character at all . If you 're going to do a story on this guy , you should at least make him likeable . I realize he 's trapped in an unhappy marriage , but he also has a daughter at home , and he was doing everything possible to stay away from home ? And I 'm supposed to root for this guy ? I do n't think so . I also did n't like how he rolled his eyes at Donnie , who has a MENTAL ILLNESS . Nothing like a little compassion . Ms. Brockmann will certainly have to do quite a bit of storytelling to make me sympathetic towards his character . I 'll read the next story , mainly because I hate leaving things unfinished , but I wo n't buy the book . I 'll borrow it from the library . Sorry , but this one was disappointing .
 This was my first book in the series to read , and I wish I had not bothered . Brockmann kept flipping between three different stories , and it broke the flow of the novel . Just when I had started to get interested in one set of characters , the book would switch back to one of the other sets . I started skipping entire chapters and going back later just so I could follow a complete story line to a more natural break . By the end , I just did n't care what happened , I just wanted it to be over .
 I ca n't understand how anyone liked this book . No romance , no suspense , so SLOW , boring , and lead characters -LRB- there were so many in the book I lost track of who they were -RRB- had no chemistry.This is by far the worse book I have read in a while . Do n't waste your time with this entry in the series .
 I 've read all of Suzanne Brockmann 's Team 16 stories , and enjoyed all of them -- except this one . The pace was slow . The story was disconnected . It was too much about boring , pathetic Mary Lou . It contained little , if any , Navy Seal action . Suzanne 's books are usually full of action , clever dialog , comaraderie between the Seals -LRB- who seldom featured in this novel -RRB- , and at least some heat . I was disappointed in this one . My advice
 Worst book by far but you just keep stringing us along ! Just do Sam 's story and be done with it ! I do n't really like his character very well in this book ... he sure lost points with many of us FAITHFUL readers ! And this going back and doing an older story ... was n't this done in another book . Sorry , I love your humor and writing but hated this book ! Signed ... Honestly Not Satisfied !
 Wow , this book has more boring page fillers than any other book that I 've ever read.The main storyline is about Seal Team 16 member Mike Muldoon and Joan DaCosta who works at the White House . Mike and Joan are thrown together when the President decides to present an award to the team at their base in San Diego . Mike is assigned to Joan as her liaison while she scopes out the base for the President 's visit . Unfortunately , the the Seal Team commander is not happy about this high profile visit due to possible terrorist threats . Of course , Joan and Mike are instantly attracted to each other , but Joan has a problem with their age difference . Mike is 25 years old and Joan is 32 . Mike pursues her and is basically rebuffed due to Joan 's insecurity.The reason I call this book a soap opera in my title is due to the fact that there are so many characters and storylines going on at once . There is Joan and Mike . The love/hate quadrangle of Sam , Alyssa , Max , and Mary Lou . Mary Lou and Ihbraham . Charlotte and Vince . Last , but not least , Donny who has a severe mental illness and the brother of Joan.Whew ! There is just too much going on and these storylines do not connect fluidly with each other . I 'm reading about Joan and Mike one minute and the next thing I know I 'm reading about someone completely different . Each storyline comes to a jarring halt every few pages . I found the WWII storyline completely superfluous . I was very irritated much of the time while reading this book.I assumed that this book was a Suspense/Romance story , but it lacked suspense and the romance just dragged on and on between the main characters for strange and unbelievable reasons.I will try one of SB 's other books as I have read some of the reviews for `` Out of Control '' and `` Over the Edge '' and these books sound promising.Moreover , from the reviews that I have read , Sam and Alyssa seem to appear in SB 's other books and I did read the preview pages for Sam 's story at the end of the book . From the pages that I read , Sam 's book also seems promising . I just hope that SB does not add unnecessary characters and storylines so that it seems like a thick hardcover book . The editors should realize that the reader looks for a satisfying read and not necessarily a long read to feel that we got our money 's worth .
 I HATED this book . I had so many problems with it , I 'm not sure where to start . First off , I did n't care for Joan . She really got on my nerves with all the `` He 's so freakin ' young '' comments -LRB- he 's 26 , she 's 32 -RRB- . It 's only a six year difference ! Geez . It 's not like he 's 16 and she 's 22 . Also , I have a big problem believing that they could make their relationship work when they 've only known each other a short time , and they will not be living together . I 'm sorry , but seeing each other `` whenever we can '' does not make a solid relationship . I 'm supposed to believe that with today 's divorce rate this will work ? Do n't think so . Yes , I know it 's fiction , but it is a romance and it is supposed to be believable.In regards to Sam and Alyssa , I 'm glad that Alyssa has a new relationship . Max seems like a nice guy and he treats her well , which she deserves . I do n't even think the Sam character is likeable . I understand that he does n't like his wife , but he does have a daughter at home , and he tries to stay away as much as possible ? Good father material . I 'm supposed to root for this guy ? I also thought he was a jerk when he rolled his eyes at Donny -LRB- I also thought it was convenient he lived next door to Sam -RRB- , who has a MENTAL ILLNESS . His character is just so insensitive that I think Ms. Brockmann will have to do quite a bit to make me feel sympathetic for him in his story . Hopefully she can accomplish this . I was really disappointed in this book , although I did like the Mike Muldoon character .
 I would give her other books 4-5 stars , but not this one . As with many of the other reviewers I have also read all of Ms. Brockmann 's books and this one was a real bummer . Characters and plot were slow moving , -LRB- although at the end of the book we find out why -RRB- . I found myself looking at how few pages were left and thinking , `` A heck of a lot needs to be wrapped up here . '' This book is just the begining of the rest of the story , which comes out in July 2003 . The teaser pages at the end of Into the Night have me eagerly anticipating what awaits the main character from a previous Brockmann book . If you are already a fan of Suzanne Brockmann you will read the book anyway , if you are new to her try Out of Control or any of her others first .
 I have read the entire series ... some twice . Not this one . I remembered NOT liking it but not why . Joan is a domineering controlling coward . Mike was sweet but like other reviewers have said ... too damaged to make this work . For me there is NO WAY there could be a happy-ever-after ... and I expect that . After reading two Troubleshooter books this week I think I will put the rest on hold for another year-or so . sorry !
 I 've just started reading Suzanne Brockmann 's SEAL books & am jumping around -LRB- rather than reading them in order -RRB- . I really enjoyed her most recent releases but found this novel annoying in its unlikely character interactions , less than sympathetic treatment by the main characters of Mary Lou , & unrealistic racist reversal of said Mary Lou.You 'd think someone in their little tight-knit world of heroes would admire such a YOUNG person who has stayed sober for 18 months , taken on the significant responsibility of child-rearing & trying so hard to fit in . That some sense of compassion would compel the wives & girlfriends -LRB- not to mention the husband -RRB- to do something other than sneer , etc.With that said , I found it politically correct but highly unlikely for such a young , screwed-up-life-character like Mary Lou to magically see the light & have mushy feelings for a non-white man - regardless of how nice he was compared to her hero husband , that jerk Sam.I read the book primarily to move onto the next one & hoped like crazy Mary Lou was n't going to be killed off . I was definitely not rooting for that loser Sam and his perpetually angry un-girlfriend to connect.As for Joan & Mike - the potential was there for some interesting stuff but too much energy was expended elsewhere .
 Wow did I pick up the wrong book . The subplots were fairly decent . Mary Lou was the most compelling character in the book as she struggles to grow up , shed her excessive baggage , do the right thing and get her priorities straight . She certainly had much more compassion and caring for Donny than his own sister , Joan . The Vince/Charlotte story was a nice one but I find it most unlikely that a woman like her and in her 80s would be using such terms as `` pissed off '' . The main storyline about Joan and Mike was absolutely the most ridiculous thing I have ever read . In actuality I skipped through pages and pages of their frivolous , uninteresting -LRB- filler -RRB- banter . Unfortunately the author chose to write in this age difference conflict . She then proceeded to paint Joan as chronologically 7 or 8 years older than Mike but with a maturity level at least 10 years younger than his 25 . What 's the point then ? Joan is a shallow , silly , self-centered , sewer-mouthed unlikeable character . As for Mike Muldoon , I found him rather bland and unbelievable in his attraction to this woman . The book started out with about a 15 page wonderful action sequence but that was it except for a few pages at the end of the book . I got the impression there was going to be lots of SEAL action . No more Brockmann for me thank you .
 It 's OK if you truly have * nothing * else to read .
 This is the first book I 've read by this author ... picked it up at a used book store when I 'd run through all of Carla Neggers ' books and was looking for another author in the `` romantic suspense '' genre . Of course , I 'm currently 40 pages from the end and the `` suspense '' part of that label has n't exactly kicked in yet . Not having read any of Brockmann 's other books , I 'm not sure if this is her usual practice , or if she was just bored by her own slow plot and entertaining herself by counting how many time she could drop the F-word on each page ... it sort of becomes a theme of the book as the characters play with the word just for fun . So , if your brain feels assaulted by completely needless and random usage of crude language -LRB- mine sure does -RRB- , be warned . Brockmann also tries so hard to make characters that you can `` relate to '' that they end up being annoying and strange , not likable at all . I think I get what she was trying to do with weaving together the different stories , past and present , but I 'm not sure she hit the mark there , either ... unless that comes together somehow in the last few pages , which I 'm not really interested enough to read . Basically , this book reads like 3 seperate cheap romance novels that somehow got tangled . I 'll look elsewhere for romantic suspense .
 Okay , I loved the first four books up until this one . I did n't hate it at all . I found it really very good but like Meg , Joan irriated me too . First of all , her problem with the age thing ? Give me a break . I mean , yeah , I have a slight hang up with age but if I met a guy who cared enough about me , I think I could over look it . She was a real woman , but also a tad on the very very obnoxious side . Mike was a little weaker than I anticipated once he got his own book . He seems very pro-USA and that 's all fine but the golly gee stuff ? Ah , shut up , Mike.The Charlotte/Vince thing . Eh , for once , I did n't care about it . It added nothing to the storyline.Mary Lou . Least favorite character ever . After her comments about Alyssa in a pervious book , I 'm supposed to care about her situation now ? So what that NOW she 's all in love with Ibraham ? Who cares that now she has had a change of heart ? She 's miserable , Sam 's miserable . And because of her silly scheme , she brought an innocent baby into the world that did n't asked for that dysfunctional situatuon . Jesus . I think out of all the reccuring characters , I could jettison her out of there so quick . She chose the life she was in , and did n't once try to make nice with the Navy girls . Bleh.Sam ! Okay , yeah , I was n't a big fan of his -LSB- stuff -RSB- about Donny or how he was n't really around for his daughter , but -LRB- and this is probably because I LOVE his character -RRB- I think the situation he was in affected him more than he ever thought it would . Hence the absenteeism and the like . Do I like it ? No , but I get it.I have Gone Too Far but am waiting until I 'm on vacation to read it.The only saving grace with this book is Sam/Alyssa , even though they are n't in it a lot.Don ' t start with this book . Start from the very beginning , and at least with this one it 'll go down easier .
 I had purchase this book before but not from Amazon . This edition is not what I had expected . I was looking for a student edition . Also this book had been wrtitten inside the pages
 This was the first book I had to read for the history of the novel in college . While I was working my way through this , I wondered if the rest of the class would be this slow . Moll does not command respect , pity or admiration . The scenes for the most part are not really memorable , and the supporting characters are not really convincing . Perhaps this is my biggest complaint . Charles Dickens can keep my interest even in an 800 page book . Yet Defoe could not hold my interest in 250 pages . The only reason I could give for reading this is that it shows a primitave stage in the development of the novel .
 Well , its a classic so if you like classics , this is one . I got it for a car ride and to try out the audio feature of the Fire . That is wonderful and I will use Audio Books again ,
 Let Me start by saying that the Story of Moll Flanders itself is a fairly exciting One . The Story changes Venues and Circumstances so often that it only grows Dull in a few Places . It is well-written and filled with beautiful Description . However , I have never finished this Book due to two crucial Criteria : Reason 1 -RRB- There are no Chapters . I find this to be quite Discouraging , as , without any Breaks , I often lose my Spot and feel like I 'm not accomplishing Anything.Reason 2 -RRB- Just like in this Review , every Noun is capitalized . If you found it annoying Here , just imagine 300 Pages of it.I would not recommend this Book to any casual Reader . If you 're a literary Scholar , however , dive right in , it 's an important Work .
 This is one of the most depressing books I hope to ever read . The best summation I can give is , oh so there were just as many dishonest , stealing thieves in times past as there are today.It would be a good study for criminal minds and how to make light of ripping people off . I hated the book and am disappointed that it even falls into the classification of ` The Classics '
 The only thing I truely like about this tale is the insight to the times of over three hundred years ago . One is really struck by the more things change , the more things stay the same-at least when it comes to the human mind . Other than that , I really found a great majority of the book mind-numbingly dull-especially when when reach the part where our heroine becomed the infamous Moll Flanders . Nearly sixty pages of my edition -LRB- c. 1965 Dell Publishing -RRB- is devoted repetition of how Moll stole this or another and the innumerable times she 'd almost gotten caught . A few incidents would have been fine , but the author seemed really taken by how these thieves scratched out their living . Given how DeFoe spent most of his life in debt , one wonders if his detail account came from of his own experience . Most of what happens to Moll Flanders while she bounced from one extraordinary event to the next stretches the threshold of believablity to the breaking point . This woman popped out so many kids and would just get up and walk away with no thought of the children-until the ONE toward the end of the story . The first half of the book caught and held my attention , but it was down hill from there .
 Do n't care for the story line.Too , distasteful and hardly worth reading even if it was the last book I had . .
 I expected a lot from this book.I was very disappointed.And to think I read it to the last letter.Sure , it speaks about about the fate of a woman in the 18th cenetury , a very rare thing in those times , because nobody cared about poor women or independent women -LRB- a ridiculous notion then -RRB- or `` bad '' women and why they became bad.But , it is not good literature.Almost half of it is an inventory of the things she -LRB- Mall -RRB- stole , robbed , cheated ... If it were a 150 pages shorter , it would have been a much better book.Save your time and energy for a much better book , and there are many of those !
 I had to read this for a book club , and a fifth of the way into it , I began to wish I were blind , so I would n't have to continue . I considered gouging my eyes out with a grapefruit spoon . And if someone tried to read aloud it to me , I was prepared to pour hot parrafin into my ears . And if Anne Sullivan tried to sign `` Moll Flanders '' into my hand , I would dig into my wrists and sever the nerves to my hand with a carpet knife . Then if someone tried to tap the text of this book onto my back using Morse Code , I would be left with no course of action other than suicide . As it was , I completed my book club obligation , and as soon as we 're done discussing this , I 'm going to bandsaw open my cranium , locate the part of the brain that remembers I read this book , and scoop it out with a melonballer . Wish me luck !
 This book has the honor of being one of only two books that I have ever read that I TRULY regret having wasted my time on . I really and truly did not think that I would be able to finish this one BUT I ALWAYS finish a book once I start it . In my opinion this is one of those cases when a very controversial novel gets confused with a great novel . I am however VERY grateful that I picked it up at a library sale for only 50 cents. ; 0 -RRB- Sorry Moll Flanders fans .
 As far as school books go it could have been much worse.it dragged and there were too many monitorial references .
 Background
 Plot Summary
 The first book in this series was pretty terrible . It took me a long time to come around to reading this next volume , `` Luscious Craving '' . Since I bought the entire trilogy at once , I knew eventually I would read on . I 'm kind of glad that I did . This book is considerably better then its predassessor . Candace Steele is a very unlikeable heroine . She does n't have a great personality at all and in this book she was such a tramp ! I 'm no prude but Candace went to and from two men in this book in a way that was kind of gross to me . Candace is a vampire killer who works security for a casino in Las Vegas . In this entry , Candace learns of a huge con about to go down . Slowly she unravels what the plot is and who is involved . I enjoyed the flashbacks into the past of Ash , the bane of Candace 's existance . She ca n't live with him and ca n't live without him . Everything in between is turmoil . The writing is n't great in either of the two stories I 've read thus far . Whether its the writing style , or the lack of intrigue in the characters , I have a hard time getting pulled into the tale . The story picks up at the end when the sex stops for a minute and the action takes over . I actually became mildly engrossed at this point and as soon as that happened ... the story was over . I do n't have high hopes for the third and final book ... but the end of this book did show that there was potential there all along and Ms. Dean obviously missed a chance to make the story really work . This book pales in comparison to the other vampire tales in the market today . There are plenty of other books more deserving the reader 's precious time and money .
 This is cultural criticism , but it is n't really ecocriticism , nor is it an accurate representation of the field.Most of this book is an engagement with environmental politics , which Garrard handles well enough . One reviewer is correct in that the book `` punctures certain ecopieties , '' but sadly it does n't represent ecocriticism 's soundness beyond those pieties . Therefore , we get a reviewer praising it for simply affirming his distates for some brand of environmental politics , rather than for better articulating the field of literary criticism through an ecological lens . `` Ecological '' means `` through the application of ecology . '' Garrard often misses this , indeed missing the very core of the discipline while purporting to represent it.The New Critical Idiom books are often oddball constructs . They tend to be written by theorizers and cultural critics whose issue orientation causes them to skip over the basic tenets of a discipline and riff on the fringes . For instance , Garrard wastes a considerable amount of the `` Animals '' chapter on a Philip K. Dick novel and the nonsense of Andrew Ross and Donna Haraway regarding `` cyborgs , '' along with other pop culture choices , rather than focusing on strong literature incorporating animals and critics that seriously analyzed it -- which would have actually represented ecocriticism.If you want to read ecocriticism , then I recommend reading Glen Love , Thomas J. Lyon , Don Scheese , and Cheryll Glotfelty , among a few others . Or just read the essays of the best nature writers , who are often better readers than so-called theorists are , and who have put their boots on the ground.Mainly , what you want to look for is ecocriticism that actually * analyzes literature * . That 's ostensibly why ecocriticism is populated by English professors . Sadly , English professors have lost their way , collectively speaking . And ecocriticism is hard to really describe if you 're using only an urban campus map .
 This is a silly story written with an eye to making it into a movie . The characters are not believable but there is a strong bias expressed against lawyers .
 I so enjoy Fannie 's writing ... but this one fell flat . I returned it to the library half finished because i was so bored with it , i did n't want to even pick it up to finish . Hopefully her next one will be a winner !
 This book was SO disappointing to me . I am a Christin woman and do n't like to read accounts of Heaven not taken from the Bible . I first started this book and thought it was going to be great . I stopped on page 134 could n't go any further . The story was dragged out and overall boring . Waste of time !
 As a bona-fide Southerner living in the North , I loved the characters in Fannie Flagg 's latest novel ; at least , at first . The book is intriguing with a quirky sense of humor and a self-righteous tone . The characters begin to jerk and hop off the page quicker than the Easter Bunny . However , -LRB- spoiler notice ! -RRB- the last part of the book changes to a very dark tone - a la Fried Green Tomatoes . Seems like the author kept pasting peculiar short stories onto the very well-written initial novel in the same way that a crape myrtle shoots out a crowd of sucker plants from the main tree trunk . Both the novel and the plant would benefit from a careful pruning . Ms. Flagg also treads without fear onto the sacred territory of the Godhead presenting a mistake-ridden creator whose misjudgements are pointed out by his female side-kick and co-creator . The result is a wonderful sense for the love of the Creator for His children but strips Him of power and awe . All in all , the novel disappointed .
 I have always been a fan of Fanny Flagg 's novels - she has such a quirky sense of humor and creates such lovable characters . I usually want to live in the town of the novel . But not this time . I was really disappointed in this novel . Disgusted too . Even if you 're not Christian , I ca n't see anyone liking the heaven that she interprets here . Not only that , but many of the characters back on earth are either shallow or their problems are solved by a word of sage advice from the main character . Gag . Do n't waste your time with this one .
 Not that great - she 's done a lot better - `` Fried Green Tomatoes '' for instance -
 I am reading this book and do n't find it as good as Fannie 's other books . Too much fantasy . Another reviewer mentioned a serious error on page 111 . I ca n't find it . There is a small grammatical error but I assumed that was intentional . What did I miss ?
 I read it . I finished it . I put it down and did n't speak of it again . Not my style
 In reading this book , I kept waiting for the action to start . The characters are very simplistic and not very realistic . The main character asks all kinds of questions and steps in and saves or helps everyone . She 's the perfect Aunt or Grandma figure who saves people just by showing an interest or a little love . What a shame life does n't work that way . Just heal mental illness by giving someone a kitten . Give me a break !! I could n't finish this book . It was just too nothing ...
 I think Fannie must have eaten a bad jar of fig jam ! After reading her previous novels I was expecting something just as wonderful . It reads like a summary of her previous books with some very strange religious overtones . What 's the deal , Fannie ? Take your time on the next one and maybe invent some new characters !
 I 've been a huge fan of Fannie Flagg , but I was tempted to put this book down and not finish it . It was the size of the fig tree that put a bad taste in my mouth for this book . Since when do fig trees grow the size of shade trees ? As a reader of fiction I can only suspend belief for so much . I wish I had just waited for the paperback version instead of investing in the hardback .
 Since `` Welcome to the World Baby Girl '' , `` Fried Green Tomatoes '' and the BEST of all `` Standing In The Rainbow '' , Ms. Flagg 's books have been very mediocre . She is one of my favorite authors but has not had a book `` that you just could not put down '' since Standing in the Rainbow and the one 's mentioned above . Also , I found this book insulting and disrespecful towards anything spiriual regarding her take on Heaven . I would not recommend this book . Ms. Flagg needs to start on a new sequel , they are what make her the great author she is .
 I 've enjoyed all of Flagg 's books but not this one ! I finally gave up about a third of the way through this silly and sophomoric disappointment -LRB- and I 'm one of those people who feels I have to finish a book once I start it -RRB- . The religious overtones are boring and ridiculous and all but the character of Elner were unlikeable or pointless . Do n't waste your time or money on this one ; let 's hope Fannie gets it right the next time !
 Sorry I ca n't agree with the 5 star ratings . I found this book to be slow going . Found the names of people to be beyond stupid , which is always annoying in any book.I found nothing inspirational in this book . I do believe in an after life and God and in Near Death Experiences but who she met with and some of the conversations were just ridiculous . It would have been more believable if she 'd had a heart attack and was revived . Her advanced age IMHO would make it unlikely she would have been ` sent back ' . I know it 's fiction but like my fiction to be along more realistic lines.The cat was the most interesting part of the entire book . The people were dull and lead boring lives . I did n't think it was cozy or get any warm snugglies from it at all . Squirrels are not fit to be in anyones house let alone on the counter tops . Give me a break , this book was to dumb to be printed .
 I HAVE ALWAYS BEEN A BIG FAN OF FANNIE FLAGG . WHEN I FIRST STARTED READING THIS BOOK I THOUGHT IT WAS WONDERFUL . THE CHARACTERS WERE SO FUNNY AND YOU SOON FELT LIKE YOU KNEW THEM ALL PERSONALLY . SHE 'S A GOOD WRITER FOR SURE . BUT LESS THAN HALF WAY THROUGH THE BOOK , I CAME UPON A CHAPTER THAT BROKE MY HEART AND I THREW THE BOOK IN THE TRASH.THIS BOOK IS DEFINATELY NOT FOR ANY TRUE CHRISTIAN THAT KNOWS OUR TRUE HEAVENLY FATHER OF THE HOLY BIBLE . NO , OUR FATHER IN HEAVEN IS NOT NAMED RAYMOND WHO SMOKES CIGARS , NOR DOES HE HAVE A WIFE NAMED DOROTHY THAT HELPED HIM IN CREATING THE UNIVERSE!HOW HORRIBLE TO REPRESENT OUR TRUE GOD OF THE BIBLE IN SUCH A MOCKED WAY . FANNIE FLAGG BLEW IT BIG TIME WITH THIS BOOK.SHE HAS A RIGHT TO THINK WHAT SHE WANTS ABOUT OUR GOD AND TO MAKE HIM OUT IN ANY FORM SHE WANTS , BUT THIS IS NOT A BOOK FOR A TRUE CHRISTIAN . IT WILL REALLY MAKE YOU MAD . BEING UTTERLY DISAPPOINTED IS AN UNDERSTATEMENT .
 I love reading Flagg 's books , those I 've read so far , especially Standing in the Rainbow and A Redbird Christmas . And Ca n't Wait to Get to Heaven is great fiction , but my worry is that someone will be misled into believing that is what heaven is really like . I have n't finished reading it yet , but I do n't have much left to read of it -LRB- less than 50 pages -RRB- , and I will finish it , but I 'm worried about what it 's teaching.Don ' t take me wrong , and do not laugh at me ; I 'm well aware , as I 've already pointed out , that it 's fiction . But look how many people believe in what they 've read/watched of the Da Vinci Code ? We will all be judged ; All of us , Christian and non-Christian , will face a final judgment to determine our eternal fate -LRB- Matthew 5:29 -30 , 25:31 -46 ; John 5:25 -29 , Romans 14:10 -12 , Revelation 20:11 -15 -RRB- . It 's not going to be all humans make mistakes , so therefore they get off . Of course , when we repent , and are baptized , -LRB- People are circumcised with a circumcision done without hands , removing sins , by being buried with Jesus in baptism - Colossians 2:11 -12 ; Baptism when joined with repentance is for the forgiveness of people 's sins - Acts 2:38 -RRB- we are saved , but I 'm afraid this book may be giving the wrong idea to people about that . It 's great to see the changes made in different characters lives , those who are being led to believe and to attend church , but it 's potentially misleading to some readers.If it was n't for that , I would give the book three or four stars ; I ca n't give it five stars because , whether she wrote it under the freedom of a writer to make changes - in other words , on purpose , or not , there are too many changes/inaccuracies from Standing in the Rainbow . One character was newly married and happy for the first time in their life at the end of Standing , having given their business to their child and had sold their house
 The story was flat and boring most of the way through . The typical irreverent style was more annoying & offensive . I was very disappointed in this book . Not the usual Fannie Flagg .
 I love Fannie Flagg 's writing - and have enjoyed her past books . Sadly - this time around - this title does not measure up to her usual fine quality . Her past novels were glib , engaging , heartfelt ... This installment is flat . Great characters - but they do n't go anywhere . I have loved her past works - folksy , charming , real characters that you wish you knew . In the past - I could not put down her books and could not wait for this to come out . This one - I literally put down half way through . I was disappointed .
 Elner Shimfissle , of Elmwood Springs , Missouri , was picking figs when she was stung by wasps , fell off of her ladder -LRB- which her niece , Norma , told her to stay off of -RRB- , and then found herself in a Kansas City Hospital - dead ? Or maybe not . Ca n't Wait to Get to Heaven is about how Elner touched so many people 's lives , and how those people react when they hear about her death.I was not impressed with Ca n't Wait to Get to Heaven . I think this book would be more enjoyed by an older audience . Many of the characters are seniors , and I found that I was not really relating to the story . I also thought the dialogue was unrealistic . When Elner reaches heaven on page 117 , she sees polka-dotted squirrels , and discovers that the makers of our universe go by Dorothy and Raymond . Heaven itself in this book seems less thought out , and more just plain crazy.This book did do a good job of portraying the feelings of its characters . One page 50 , when Norma gets the news of her aunt 's supposed death , she `` collapsed and slowly slid off the chair , and Macky and the doctor were just barely able to catch her , a second before the back of her head hit the floor . '' Norma was very close to Aunt Elner , and she was devastated when she found out . She was appointing the blame to herself and her husband , Macky . I felt really bad for her.I did not like this book , because it there was no plot , and I thought it seemed to drag on and on . I just could n't relate , but maybe you will enjoy it more than I did .
 I started listening to the audio version of this book and enjoyed it . Then I got to the end where the handyman attempts to rape a 12 year old Downs girl and the girl in turn murders him.What on earth did this have to do with the story ? Absolutely nothing as far as I can see!As I thought about that section of the book I had an increasingly strong feeling that Ms. Flagg may have been using it as a personal indictment against men . I could be wrong , but to include such a vile section in what was a sweet story up to then is highly questionable.Because I enjoyed this audio book when I started it and had n't get gotten to the rape and murder part , I bought all of her books in either audio or print format . When I got to the violent section , I continued to listen to see if there was a justification for including it in the book . There was n't . I packed all of her books up and returned them to the store.We have enough problems right now . We do n't need more violence - especially the disgusting type Ms. Flagg portrays in this book . We also do n't need thinly veiled attacks against men , portraying them as rapists of handicapped children .
 This book tries hard to recapture the hilarity of Fried Green Tomatoes , but it flops harder than an 18-wheeler dropped from the top of the Empire State Building . Undoubtedly the most disappointing book I 've read in years.Actually not 100 % true ... I was n't even able to finish reading it .
 What was it Dorothy Parket said in her review of a performance by Katherine Hepburn
 I have loved this author 's other books , but this one is boring and strange . I find that , aside from the one-dimentional but charming protagonist , the author 's characters and the author 's observations about society and religion are jarring and offputting .
 Trite . Predictable . Simple . The only reason I finished this book was so I could comment on it at my book club meeting . I thought it would be a fun , mindless `` beach book , '' but I can not elevate it to that status . The dialogue is dull , `` pitter-patter '' banter . The characters are flat stereotypes , like the sweet old woman who 's simultaneously ignorant and wise . While the old lady is at least tolerable , the over-protective , hypochondriac niece is a redundant , annoying , whiny character to whom the author gave no redeeming qualities , yet it 's clear she 's intended to be a sympathetic one . I 've never read this author before , but I wonder if she 's so easily publishable that she need n't strive to understand her own characters or respect the reader who must endure them.The publisher refers to this as a `` comedy-mystery . '' I did chuckle twice . But mystery ? The so-called `` mystery '' was meaningless to the story and was `` solved '' at the end of the book in one nauseatingly predictable chapter , along with the other final chapters , in which all the pieces were tied up into neat little `` happy-ending '' bows . Gag me.Trite , predictable , and simple stories clearly have a market , given the 4.5 stars out of 47 reviews . But this not a book for anybody expecting even the slightest bit of effort from the author . This type of fiction should be used only as an example of the drivel from which authors should rise . C'mon , people who voted four and five stars ... demand better !
 I began this book looking for light entertainment . Turned out to be a challenge of endurance . The 1st half was full of one of the main characters whining , for hours . After the investment of my time I wanted to hear it out , believing it would have to get better . Nope it did n't . After all the whining it got so boring and the ending was so predictable and boring . Side note ... the narrator could not pronounce the word `` ambulance '' . This word was used in the beginning a dozen of times and the narrator always said `` amulance '' , one time at the end she finally pronounced the word correctly . If you are scheduled for a root canal , read this book first ... the dental apt . will be a breeze comparatively .
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book even though I read it out of sequence with Fannie Flagg 's other great books . Aunt Elner is my heroine.sally cornell
 Ms. Flagg missed the boat on this one . I 've unfortunately come to the conclusion that she only had one really good book in her , `` Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe '' and her others were just weak imitations of that book . It 's too bad that she never learned `` The Harper Lee '' lesson . That is , when you 've written a truly fine book stop ! Do n't lead us on with weak second , third , books . This book is also particularly irritating in another way also . Ms. Flagg has decided to use her folksy novels set in Missouri to give us her opinion on what appears to have been bothering her since she wrote her last book . Okay now a section on Ms. Flaggs view of hospitals and medical care , now her opinion on trial lawyers -LRB- she really hates them . I hope no one in her family is ever the victim of medical malpractice because she 's lost the right to sue ! -RRB- And the only gay character in the novel is a smarmy male nurse that she imbues with as many nasty traits as she can pile on him . Watch that homophobia Fanny , it 's really not worthy of you and the world you create in Missouri . So , this will be my last hard cover book of Fanny 's that I 'll buy . I may out of desperation pick it up in paperback if I 'm ever in Walmart but probably not . Oh , and my last comment . The ending is so awkward that I almost laughed . She had left so many loose ends that she had to write a separate chapter tying them up . What a hoot . So do n't waste your money on this one .
 ca n't give a review it was given as a gift as were the other two products i purchased i assume they liked them as they did ` nt say otherwise
 This book was light , fun and easy to read on vacation.However , it was soon so dull I had to toss it aside eventhough I paid good money for an expensive hard covercopy . If you enjoy beyond the grave type corniness - than this one is for you . Some humor .
 First off , the the book itself , that is the scholarly content , is excellent and certainly would be a help , in my opinion , especially for intermediate and above level German students . I purchased this book a few years back and it was so dog-eared and marked I decided to order a second copy . It 's the same book as before but it is a formatting disaster . My older copy had two columns thoughout . Each concept has an easily readable heading - in short it 's relatively easy to navigate . This newest copy is an utter monstrosity . Page after page ot text that runs together with no thought given to headings or readability . It 's an instant headache producer . And think you can go in the back and find the page number in the index ? No , no , no , no . There is an index but only by the word itself with no information as to what page it can be found . So everytime you want to find a word grouping , you have to slog through this mess to locate it . So what happened ? Well in the front of the book it says that this newer text was `` digitized '' . What that means I 'm not sure - OCR 'd ? Processed for Kindle ? Who knows ? The amazing thing -LRB- laughable if it was n't so sad -RRB- is that the newer version is 60 pages longer that the original . Huh ? So it 's not like somebody is trying to save paper costs . They 're actually slaughtering more trees to produce a book that borders on the unreadable . Routledge , this is a disgrace and an insult to your customers . You need to locate the problem and get on top of it . Something is seriously wrong ... P.S. Try to find an older copy with the original formatting . You 'll be glad you did .
 There is no access to an index or a table of contents . There are 11480 `` locations '' , i.e. Kindle pages . The ONLY way to go through this text on Kindle is page by page by page by page ... it 's use as a reference is greatly diminished because of this . Unless of course , one has nothing but time . I figure I may be able to finish it and submit a review on the actual contents sometime in 2047 .
 After sticking with this really silly novel because I was travelling and had no other English fiction on hand , I finally gave it up at about page 150 . It was just too uninteresting , with no one to like and a protagonist who was mostly remarkable for spinelessness . Left the thing in a closet in a hotel in Baku !
 This book is not well written or interesting . Most of the plot seems to be lifted from the stupid teen movie `` The Devil Wears Prada '' - really if you are a book lover this is not the one for you .
 Angel is an avid reader , working in a bookstore that is going out of business . Her boyfriend , an aspiring novelist , encourages her to apply for a job at a small but prestigious publishing company.Right from the beginning when Angel gets the job , there is a strange vibe in the office . The boss is absolutely horrible , terrorizing her employees , rewriting history and reality to suit herself.Angel immediately stands out as a star in the office , working well with authors , rescuing promising manuscripts from the trash and even seeming to earn a bit of respect from her dictator boss.Because of the stress level of her job , though , Angel 's relationship with her boyfriend suffers . She is unhappy and withdrawn , and feels she might be going crazy when an anonymous manuscript seems to be telling the story of her life.The concept of this book is promising , but I found it disappointing . The characters are one-dimensional and I thought it was glaringly obvious who the anonymous author was . The nastiness of Angel 's boss was terribly cliche and the book 's romance seemed far too convenient .
 I disliked this book enough to come here and write a negative review . I thought the writing was good in places , but the love story plot line is so badly drawn I thought for a long time it was supposed to be a spoof -LRB- similar to the `` blind submission '' sections -RRB- . The characters are either evil -LRB- Lucy -RRB- , weak -LRB- Angel -RRB- , crazy for unexplained reasons -LRB- Malcom , Anna -RRB- , or one dimensional -LRB- Damiano -RRB- . The mystery of the `` blind submission '' should be clear to most readers by the mid-point of the book . Several red herrings are thrown in but only the characters in this book are really silly enough to believe them.All in all , I really thought this book was worse than a waste of time .
 This is not a soap box , so I 'll try to get to the point quickly . I get that there are hidden agendas and meanings behind poetry , children 's movies , and I guess even children 's literature . There are biases from the author that kids will subconsciously pick up on . But this book was unnecessarily complicated . I literally could not understand the messages trying to be conveyed from any of the chapters . I can somewhat understand the hidden meanings behind children 's literature if I care to read it for more than the surface story , but I could not understand this book trying to help me understand children 's literature . Too much academic jargon and not enough getting to the point -LRB- something children 's literature is good at ! -RRB-
 I loved learning about Walt Disney , his early life , and his many experiences in developing his studio and Disneyland - they were truly inspirational . But the author is excessively negative about Walt throughout . On page after page he uses negative adjectives about Walt , when neutral , or even no adjective would be more appropriate for the situation . It 's as if he was taking an English class and the assignment was to take an existing essay , and revise it to be as negative as possible . The title does not portray the content of the book - Walk 's triumphs and imagination are consistently belittled throughout . I had this as an audiobook and listened to it on long commutes to work when I did n't have anything else to listen to ; if I had it in book form I would have given up early on . Also , it could definitely be much shorter , without losing any important information .
 Well I read a lot of books but I find it very hard to understand the mass of good reviews this book gets!On the plus side there is absolutely no doubt that Gabler has carried out a vast amount of research especially in the disney company vaults . And , more especially , in the company financial history ... Yet on the only two subjects where I had previous knowledge , Igor Stravinsky and Spike Jones , Gabler is hopelessly inaccurate . Well , Jones may be a minority taste these days but you can read any Stravinsky CD cover to find that it is hardly likely that a Russian composer wrote one of his major works about ... American Indians!Aaron Copland he was ` nt!Then there is the question of the middle period of short cartoons with sound and colour in the 1930s and 40s . As Mickey became too antiseptic to provide funny stories , he became just one of a quartet with Donald Duck , Pluto and Goofy . Gabler drifts past this period of major income from both the shorts and merchandising by saying that Walt had long since moved on to other interests.Pluto gets hardly a mention and Gabler says that Disney absolutely hated Goofy.I do not believe that at all ; Disney was a control freak -LRB- in modern parlance -RRB- who liked to control all aspects of the company especially if they made the money to pay for the next big project . I saw an interview on BBC when I was a child where Disney praised Goofy , though that could have been straight PR ! Gabler is clear about how miserably Disney treated the staff who were the voice and soul of these characters.The major problem with the book is that it is a biography not a company financial history . I realise that the two are critically linked for Disney , who often flirted with bankrupcy , but it is far too much too go through every loan , dime by dime . It is one reason why , at over 800 pages , this book is far too long.Much of it is almost unreadable ! Dreary meeting after dreary meeting and yet , after 800 pages , we never really get a picture of Walt , his brother Roy or any of the rest of the clan ! I thought the job of the biographer was firstly to bring the subject to life and secondly to write a book that draws in the reader.There is not nearly enough on the birth and history of the full length nature films which were such a huge hit at the time . When the BBC was in black and white at the time , and David Attenborough was still in shorts -LRB- ha ha -RRB- , I saw ` The Vanishing Prairie ' 3 times in packed cinemas.By modern standards they are sadly amphropomorbic -LRB- sorry I can not spell -RRB- but at the time they were pioneering and also good business . Anyway the very latest Attenborough on Birds of Paradise assumed exactly the same human reference points!Then onto the two or three sections where Gabler attempts a psychological analysis of Disney and/or his work . Well I realise that everyone is free to write psycho-babble these days but a major book should leave psychology to those who have studied it . Sorry to be snobby but these sections were VERY poor and would have been better directed at Disney 's nervous breakdown and history of depression none of which even fits with the character Gabler is asking us to accept.And the very poorest psychology in the whole book is slapped onto the end where Disney 's death is described as follows : `` He had escaped ... He had passed beyond the afflictions of this world.Walt Disney had at last attained perfection '' !!! Well thats alright then - we are all going to `` Escape '' and `` Attain Perfection '' at this rate.And shame on the reviewers who say that the spirit of Disney lives on at Epcot . If you read the whole book you find that the Epcot the Disney company actually built has nothing whatsoever to do with the ` City of the Future ' Disney wanted to build .
 What I have to say has already been said in several two-star reviews
 How to Be Like Walt
 MASSIVE AND OVERSTUFFED AT 800 PAGES , ANOTHER FAILURE OF EDITING . GABLER MUST BE SO SENSITIVE TO SUGGESTION THAT HIS EDITOR AND PUBLISHER COULD NOT CUT THE BLOAT . INTERESTING AND OVERLONG AT 800 PAGES THIS WOULD HAVE BEEN MUCH BETTER AT 500 PAGES AND A MASTERPIECE AT 300 PAGES.GABLER , LIKE MANY CURRENT BIOGRAPHERS HAS PUBLISHED EVERY NOTE , MORSEL OF GOSSIP , ITEM OF SPECULATION , AND REPETITION IMAGINABLE INSTEAD OF PUTTING THE WHOLE ELEPHANT ON THE STOVE AND BOILING IT DOWN TO EDIBLE PROPORTIONS.HE ALSO UTTERLY FAILS THE FIRST DUTY OF A WRITER , TO GIVE US A TOPIC SENTENCE AND THEN SUPPORTING IT . EXAMPLE
 I wish I could give this book a better review but I just ca n't . It is epic in scope and very well researched but after reading some of the other reviews I must agree it was just boring.It is hard to understand how you can write a book about Walt Disney and have it end up so dull and dry but this book just did n't resonate with me.Clearly , Neal Gabler is an accomplished writer and researcher and put in a ton of work in constructing what he thought was a complete bio of Disney . That said , it read like a laundry list of movies - mostly animated - that lost money . I kept thinking ... If Disney lost this much money why did people keep banking on him being successful . The writer never addressed why all these people had so much faith in him . Yes , everybody liked Walt Disney but during the Depresssion when most folks did n't have two pennies to rub together , folks just kept handing money to the man to make great animations that would lose money . When I read this for about the 10th time it started to ring hollow that his movies were such failures.The biggest issue I had with this movie was in the way it accelerated toward the end . Gabler spent a ton of time talking about the movie business and building Walt Disney Studios , his love for animation , the labor that went into making these movies , but then talked through Disney World in about 10 pages . Where was the detail there I wondered?The biggest scene was not telling the final story of Disney . It was like ... OK Walt Disney is dead so let 's not talk about his legacy anymore . Let 's not talk about the movies that are still made , the money that has been made , the way the company has shifted its moral compass a bit . I remember my dad told me that Walt did n't hire actors that lived together to be in his movies and now Chris Rock lends his voice to some of the animation . Did my dad make that up , or has the moral compass really shifted here?Also , there was n't any analysis really of Walt Disney and his reputation in Hollywood . He had to have been a giant in the 50s and 60s but all I know about his place in Hollywood was that he liked ot play polo and , when he was n't at the studio , lived like Howard Hughes at his home obsessed with his trains.Finally , there was n't a ton of information on his relationship with his brother . There was plenty of detail on his relationship with his employees but again I could n't get a handle on who liked him , who did n't like him , and why . At times it seemed like Disney was great to work for and then , as he aged , he was a tyrant but yet people still liked him or put up with him . It all got really confusing.I can see by the reviews here that I am in the minority . Other reviewers feel like this is the book on Disney that one should read and who am I to question the majority . Safe to say though , this book just did n't sit well with me and took me a while to get through .
 How could the biography of one of the most imaginative and creative minds ever to work in Hollywood be as boring as this epic work ? Gabler 's portrayal of Walt Disney is so cluttered with minutiae - the backgrounds of various animators , for example , unnecessarily are discussed in excrutiating detail - that it takes more than five hundred pages to get the reader from Disney 's birth to the development of Disneyland a mere fifty years later . From that point onward , Gabler races through history , giving short shrift - slightly more than one hundred pages - to Disney 's later accomplishments . The author 's discussion of the making of `` Snow White '' is longer than the film itself , while works like `` Mary Poppins '' rate barely a mention . A whopping one hundred eighty pages are devoted to notes and acknowledgements , confirming Gabler was diligent in gathering his facts . Too bad he was n't more judicious - and entertaining - in getting them into print .
 This book is TERRIBLE !!! I love reading , I have my whole life , and I can finish an 800 page book in no more than a week but I ordered this book 4 months ago and I 'm not even half way through . The writing is terrible , the chapter construction is terrible , and there 's just too much Junk & Fluff in it . There are too many things that are in there that get off the topic of Walt Disney . I am a Disney fanatic , all aspects of the Disney empire , and already own several biographies on Walt , and this is by far the worst . I have decided that instead of wasting anymore of my time on it , I will place it on my shelf , and let it be pretty . There are so many other Disney biographies to choose from , save your money and do n't buy this one .
 Reading this book was comparable to watching paint dry . Water boil . Mold grow.Walt Disney was such an iconic figure of the twentieth century . Hardly a child or an adult for that matter has not been positively affected by this man 's animations , features and movies ... but this author 's writing slogs on and on and on.What put me down the bunny-hole of murk was the sixty plus pages on the production of Snow White ! That was it ! Close the book ! Seems to me that could have been condensed to a few pages . I made it just under half-way through this tedious , languid six hundred thirty page rendering.I believe there are better bios on Disney which I should have opted for in the first place .
 Having collected and read about Walt Disney and animation for 30 + years , I found that the only proper way to read Gabler 's biography is as follow-up to the great book by Michael Barrier , `` An Animated Man '' , also available on Amazon . Barrier gives the structure of Walt 's life as centered on Walt 's true loves
 `` Gabler gained access to the Disney Archives , unexpectedly I 'd guess , and found himself in the awkward position of writing a full-scale biography of someone whose best work he did n't care for -- in 1995 , he referred to Snow White and Dumbo as ` treacle cartoons . ' Disney clearly interested him less as a person than as a cultural influence . '' - from the book review by Michael Barrier -LRB- google GablerBook - the whole thing is well worth the read -RRB- So , Gabler does n't like or understand animation and does n't much care for Walt Disney either ; he 's only interested in his influence on society ? That almost completely explains why I did n't like this book . Of the 880 pages , I only got to page 194 before coming here to read some reviews and try to figure out what 's so great about this book and if it 's worth trudging through the rest of it . I found myself completely agreeing with all the 3-stars-and-under reviews . In fact , the Q & A with Gabler on this Amazon product page shows what Gabler thinks of Disney . There is an underlying tone of disdain and negativity in his comments ; you can tell he 's trying to be PC about it but it shows through.I really wish I 'd read that and the reviews before purchasing it . But I relied solely on the hype . It 's one thing for a biographer to write an openly negative book about a person -LRB- like `` Hollywood 's Dark Prince . '' -RRB- It 's quite another to write a negative book about a well-loved person under the guise of its being the `` definitive biography ! '' And apparently , it also has many factual errors in it that could have easily been avoided.My other reason for not liking this book besides Gabler 's derisive treatment of his subject and ignorance of animation -LRB- he refers to Disney 's films as `` animations '' -RRB- is that it is extremely boring . It has as much life and sparkle as a schoolbook on statistics . The writing style is extremely dry , and there are way too many minute details . I really could n't care less about all the technical details of each of Walt 's financial transactions.Reading this book was like watching a scientist examine your dearly departed pet under a microscope while scowling in disgust and describing his findings in a voice reminiscent of Ferris Bueller 's lifeless teacher . If you do n't fall asleep , you may learn some technical details about the animal that you did n't know , but not anything about why you loved it so much when it was alive . And you 'll probably be offended by the scientist 's clear dislike for your pet.I 'm going to stop reading this , and instead read Barrier 's book `` The Animated Man , '' and also maybe `` How to Be Like Walt . ''
 As I 've never written a book , I can only imagine the daunting task it must be . Especially one the size of and as well-reviewed as Neal Gabler 's , Walt Disney
 I just did n't find Kull as entertaining as Conan , or even as Solomon Kane , for that matter . I was also angry that what was advertised as a book of Kull stories turned out to be something like 40 % stories and 60 % fragments in various states of incompleteness.I really , really wanted to like the book . The plentiful drawings were very atmospheric , and the language -- particularly in description of place and mood -LRB- for my money , Howard competes with the titanic Henry James -RRB- -- was so stirring that it took your breath away in anticipation of stunning action . But such action simply never materialized -- or , if and when it did , it had little to do with our putative protagonist.Btw you can really see how Howard was just beginning to get into the flow , even having difficulty summoning up names of characters
 As a lifelong -LRB- well , 20-odd out of 32 years -RRB- fan of Robert E Howard , I jumped at the chance to buy this book from Amazon - finally , stories of Kull , the ancestor -LRB- near enough -RRB- of Conan , the greatest of them all . And yet ... I 'm afraid to say I was disappointed by these stories . Most of them , if not all , revolve around the hangers-on of , and visitors to , Kull 's court , -LRB- a more spoiled and childish bunch I 've yet to see -RRB- and ussually include the classic `` Oh , let 's ask the King if we can get married because he fought with my father '' plot or even worse , the classic `` but why ca n't I marry you , even though you 're a commoner and it 's against the law '' plot . The nice touches in this collection - Kull 's mounting paranoia when he realises that his entire court may have been infiltrated by Serpent people in the guise of humans , or the climax of one tale when he breaks a stone tablet of the law , dripping with gore after a battle , and dares anyone to argue with him - are classic pulp Howard , better than 99 % of the dross written in the name of fantasy nowadays . But they can not disguise the fact that he was still finding his feet , and honing the skills that would make him such a good storyteller a few years later with Conan . Recommended for firm fans of Howard only - if you 're not one , try the Conan stories - they are the real thing .
 The publishers give a lot of unfinished stories from a conan variant , and want to charge us an arm and a leg for a book that needs to be neithor printed or shipped , not a good buy .
 Between his first publication and his death by suicide , Robert E. Howard was amazingly productive , producing hundreds of stories and story fragments that , when not published in the pulp magazines of the 1920 's and 30 's , have almost uniformly been revived and anthologized in the many decades since . Best known for those works of fantasy that serve as the foundation for what is now called `` swords and sorcery , '' and of course in this vein most notably for his invention of Conan the Cimmerian , Howard typically wrote of muscular , heroic figures of fearsome fighting prowess who survived in worlds of black magic and sorcery by virtue of sheer wit and brawn . Kull , an `` Atlantean '' of barbaric nature who somehow usurps the throne of the great and ancient kingdom of Valusia -LRB- a story Howard never managed to tell -RRB- , is one such character , and the stories , fragments and poems in this book are all concerned with him . With one exception , these stories involve Kull 's activities as king , not with his rise to kinghood , and as some of the other reviewers on this site have also noted , for those who approach this collection with preconceived notions of what `` swords and sorcery '' stories are like , the concerns of some of these tales will seem surprisingly intellectual -LRB- although there is plenty of bloody fighting as well -RRB- . Enjoyment of this book , however , requires that one overcome a prose style that is ridiculously bad , from the characters ' faux-arcane manner of speaking to the lazy jobs of description -LRB- just what is a `` curious '' sculpture , anyway ? -RRB- . Howard was a writer for the pulps , after all , and his prose is neither of literary merit nor anything to compare with the more polished styles of modern popular authors.That said , underneath the pulp baggage it is possible to discern ideas of -LRB- dare I say it ? -RRB- mythical impact . While the description of the history of the ancient serpent people and their defeat at the hands of the ancestors of humans is difficult to get through without laughing , on some level the story does have the ring of ancient myth , or at least of convincing storytelling , and it is possible to appreciate this while simultaneously acknowledging that Howard borrowed all of his ideas from other sources in the first place . If only Howard had been a more gifted writer , or at least had taken the time to craft his stories more carefully , a collection like this one , while slimmer , might be easier to recommend . As it stands , aficionados of sword-and-sorcery fiction should at least be familiar with this stuff , since it represents the antecedents of the entire genre -LRB- along with Edgar Rice Burroughs , though his work might fall more confortably in the category of science fiction -RRB- . Anyone else will find this incomprehensible .
 The advance ads implied this was a single story rather than a disjointed review and groups of unlinked stories
 some of these stories or so corny for example in the story Delcardes ' cat kull invites a talking cat to live in the palace the cat 's servant is throwing his voice into the cat to try to get kull to agree to Delcardes forbidden choise of husband . So Thusa doom the most powerfull necromancer in the history of the world is reduced tying up the cats servant and throwing his voice into the cat to lure kull into a deadly trap in the end thusa doom is unmasked in front of everyone , shakes him fist and escapes `` i 'll get you yet kull '' so much for the power of necromancy , this story reads like a scooby doo cartoon this book is so corny it 's kind of cool . Kull is worth a read but do n't expect to much and do n't pay alot of this book .
 I can not recommend this book.I wanted to like it . I write , a lot , about technical topics , and am convinced that proper training improve my writing . A few pages in , I found so many errors , both minor and major , that I lost the hope this book would help.Minor things included the author 's micro-management of whether dates in business letters should be punctuated . -LRB- Yes or no , can you guess what he requires ? Does it matter ? -RRB- Another minor point was insistence that a certain line in a business memo be underlined . Underlining was never a great way to emphasize text , and has gotten worse since the 1970s writing of the first edition . Underlining has come to mean `` link '' in the Web era , and it 's safe to assume that most memoranda will be viewed electronically . Underlined but unclickable text causes confusion , and causes more confusion if a paper document is ever fed to an OCR scanner . Text recognition is dicey at best , and adding junk to the letterforms can never help.The major problems include notebooks , resumes , and basic English usage . Scientific and engineering notebooks can sometimes approach the status of legal documents . Proper notes can establish primacy of discovery , and can affect the validity of valuable patents . The best notebooks are permanently bound with printed page numbers , giving some assurance that pages were n't added or removed at some later date . Many engineers also favor grid-ruled pages , for aligning text , as ` training wheels ' for uncertain sketching skills , and as aids in tables and graphs . Barrass recommends a combination of lined and unlined pages , interleaved from different sources . I 'm glad he discusses professional note-taking at all , but I 'm disappointed by the discussion.Ditto examples . It 's great that he presented real text from real publications for critique , and that he stresses the importance of critique . He is simply wrong , however , in asserting -LRB- p. 36 -RRB- that '' -LSB- change -RSB- unequalled in magnitude MEANS unequalled . '' Changes may differ in magnitude , in speed , in visibility , and in as many more dimensions as a creative reader can imagine . I agree that the phrase may be ungainly , and may not be appropriate to the rest of the cited text . Still , it is worthwhile for the writer to point out which aspect of change is under discussion , an idea that Barrass denies.His suggested resume -LRB- p. 28 -RRB- addresses only the needs of a high-schooler -LRB- is this the scientist who must write ? -RRB- , and addresses those badly . It really is as grim as you may imagine . The suggested cover letter -LRB- p. 27 -RRB- would be pathetic even for a high-schooler . It never even mentions the job 's content , let alone the reason that the applicant feels qualified to apply for the job.I admit , I made it only 36 pages into the 190 + of this book . In those first four chapters , however , I found so much bad advice that I simply could not believe the rest of the book would repay the time spent in reading it . Perhaps the next 150 + pages were filled with wisdom , but my budget of trust for this author is bankrupt . I leave it to the next reviewer to describe the good in this book . / / wiredweird
 I ordered this as a used copy . In the mail i received the short stories VOLUME 4 . If you take time to read the reviews you will see most are writing about VOLUME 4 . Be certain you ask the seller if you will be receiving VOLUME 7 if you should order second hand . i was upset that I received the wrong volume and was told that I could return it . I was more upset that no one took any notice when I told them , Amazon and the seller , that the 4th Volume was being sold under the used heading of the volume I actually wanted -- VOLUME 7 !! I see that the problem has not been altered since I wrote my letters to them both . My advice
 The Book was reported as &#34; Like New &#34; ! Instead it came with what looked like water stains both on the jacket or cover and the book itself ! At best this should have been represented as &#34; Fair &#34; instead!I will definitely not buy a book from this seller again under any circumstances ...
 this is not one of his western type books , , i do n't know what you would call it . so if you are expecting a western you 'll be disappointed . though a couple of the books in here are ok he should have stuck with westerns . if you can preview this book before buying .
 This story is scarry seeing that it is true . It is unnerving to know that crimes are handled so poorly and that innocent people can go to prison and guility ones free . It was poorly written , however , and difficult to read . The punctuation was worse than of a 3rd grader . I do not see how it ever got published .
 This book was reviewed so much in Grisham 's new book that I thought maybe I was missing something . So I purchased this book . I have gotten about 60 pages into it and I just ca n't make myself to keep reading . It just bores me to tears.It reads like a book , a documentary , etc. . It 's just that I ca n't seem to get to the `` meat '' of this story.I sent the book to a friend of mine , who is on death row and who is NOT guilty . He read it the first day and its now been passed on to 2 others on death row -LRB- and are n't guilty either -RRB- . They seem to have enjoyed it . Maybe because they can identify more closely than we can?I just ca n't in good conscience recommend this book.If I ever make it all the way through it & find I could recommend it , I 'll be back to edit . But for now , I ca n't recommend it .
 Dear readers , I am the daughter of Ron Lyon who is the brother of Donna Denice Harraway.She was my aunt ... I know her as Denice.I was 4 years old when this horrific crime against my family occured.This event tore my family apart and continues to torment us to this day.When this book `` The Dreams of Ada '' came out , our family was outraged.The so called `` facts '' in this book are not only untrue , they are ridiculous.Tommy Ward and Carl Fontenat DID do this.They confessed and then later said it was all a `` dream '' . They had the facts that only the police and the killers would know.I am sickened that this book is still in circulation.I am writing this to inform anyone who has or will read this book that it is merely a collection falsehoods.I just want this to be known.Thank you ...
 Denice and I grew up in the same small town in Oklahoma . It is of the utmost importance to understand how those of us who knew her were profoundly affected by her death . This heinous crime not only shook Ada , but also shook those of us who grew up with her in Purcell , OK . Denice was a sweet girl who had a smile that would light up the room . She was a year behind me in school . I recently pulled out an old High School annual . Looking at her photo brought back a rush of memories . Memories of a beautiful , innocent young woman whose life was ended in the twinkling of an eye . As important as it is that justice has been served in this case , it is even more important for all to understand that we will never forget Denice .
 Very disappointing and tedious ! The only person THIS interested in Alice Munro 's ancestors is ... Alice Munro .
 I was very disapointed , I would of expected a real page turner like Runaway was , this is n't it . I would n't describe it as ` amazing short stories ' like she has for her literary format description on the back of the book more like ` amazingly condenced long stories ' . I recomend borrowing this from your local library first before diving into a possibly regretful purchase .
 This book is bad on so many different levels , many of which simply derive from the fact that the concept of the book itself is irretrievably poor . Let 's see , how about I write a book about the 5,000 years of civilizations bordering the Mediterranean Sea . Included will be Ancient Egypt , Ancient Greece , Ancient Rome , the rise and spread of Islam ... . You get the idea , and the author was able to fit all of that in the first 86 pages !!! As a result , we 're left with writing that looks something like this
 John Norwich , head of the World Monuments Fund in Britain , and author of many splendid historical books , such as `` A History of Venice '' , has written a book here , which , in my opinion , is at best suited for 10th graders or for general readers , who have little or no knowledge of any of the major civilizations in the Mediterranean region.Why the two stars - several reasons : -LRB- 1 -RRB- The book is written in such simplistic style and replete with almost laughable conclusions - see more on this below ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- Coverage of major historical events is often very cursory - for example , the story of Alexander the Great merits merely 4 paragraphs , or hardly more than a page -LRB- in a book of 600 pages -RRB- -LRB- 2 -RRB- The book lacks analytical rigor and significant conclusions - on its face , the book is about the Mediterranean , however , Mr. Norwich offers no overarching observations of the role of that sea in propagation of knowledge , ideas , trade . Neither does the author offer any convincing discussion as to the continuity between the different civilizations that he tracks in his discourse and there are very few conclusions drawn as to why the Mediterranean , and not the Black Sea , for example , has played such a central role in the development of many major Western and Middle Eastern civilizations.Who is this book suited for
 When I first heard that Norwich was writing a book covering the entire history of the Mediterranean two thoughts crossed my mind - first , that this will be a great reference book for Mediterranean history , the same way that Asimov 's Chronicle of the world is for world history - and second , that Norwich 's knowledge of history is much wider and deeper than I initially thought.Well , this mediocrity of a book proved me wrong on both accounts.This is not a history of the Mediterranean.This is simply the bits and pieces of its history that Norwich is actually knowledgable about -LRB- medieval and early modern European history -RRB- with some indifferent references to the rest to fill in the gaps.To give you an example of his lack of proportion , the entire ancient history of the Mediterranean -LRB- including Egyptian , Phoenician , Greek , Carthaginian and the Roman republic -RRB- is passed by in forty -LRB- 40 ! -RRB- pages . . less than those he uses just for the Napoleonic wars.The southern half of his subject -LRB- North Africa -RRB- barely gets fifteen pages from beginning to end.The book does n't begin to pick up it 's pace until we reach the High Middle Ages - and even then he does n't really have anything new to say ; whole paragraphs seem to have been lifted word for word , from his previous books -LRB- Byzantium trilogy especially -RRB- . In conclusion , if you are looking for a book covering the whole history of the Mediterranean this is n't it . Norwich is a fine writer and storyteller and everything ... but just as long as he sticks with what he knows ...
 I did a pretty thorough search for a book that would cover Mediterranean history , cultures , and geography - and settled on this book as my first choice . I was only able to get through about 1/3 of the book before I lost interest and put it on the shelf.I found it to be primarily focused on leaders and wars , with little insight into the real lives of people . Because of the focus on leaders , the names became -LRB- for me -RRB- hard to follow and confusing . Each section seems to become predictable - focusing on X leader who brings Y troops to Z land , and either wins/pillages or loses.There are some interesting tidbits that are cited as part of the war stories , including details on post-war carnage , or of leaders who showed restraint . However , not near enough information on the lives of normal people that lived in the Med . region over the past few thousand years .
 The short story : - Orhan Pamuk 's writing style is outstanding . - His method of relating the story/plot and characters as alternating perspectives on events is refreshing . - Outside of those interested in historical Persia , the story line itself is rather boring and once my interest is Pamuk 's prose itself wore off , I lost interest in what was happening .
 Whenever read the books of Mr. Pamuk , I was alwayssurprised at his point of view in looking the historyof his own nation . It seems that Mr. Pamuk has neversupposed himself as a member of the Turkish society.As if , he tries to communicate a hidden message to theWest in all of his books that `` it is an unfortunatemistake of the nature to send me to Turkiye instead ofone of the Western countries ! I am doubtlessly on yourside , please believe me !! '' It is because of thischaracter of his books that makes him popular day byday in USA . . I do not think that he should be countedamong the best Turkish authors . He believes and seesthat to be meaningless in his writings is interpretedas an indication of a great talent and brilliantmind . . In fact , we pay special attention to Europians ` thoughts about what we produced . . Being approved bythem makes us happy and motivated -LRB- as part of thetraditional complex of under-developed countrycitizens against the Western civilization -RRB- . Mr. Pamukfound the way to impress the western media and weshould admit that he knows the way to get approvalfrom there , even if at the expense of putting a largegap in between himself and the Turkish community ...
 very uneven mix of dialogue/plot and history/theology ... the joy here is not in the journey , but in the destination ... The End .
 The `` rich and essential '' -LRB- as LA Times would have it -RRB- novel by Orhan Pamuk represents yet another example of a Turkish novelist 's oblivious treatment of his country 's violent historical and cultural past . I would strongly urge both Mr. Pamuk and the readers of the novel to consult any history textbook or archives of cartography from the centuries covered in the novel before drawing up the arbitrary picture of the Ottoman Empire that carefully masks its crimes . I was shocked and outraged to discover that the entire Western Armenia , a demi-autonomous entity under Ottoman rule until 1915 , does not even appear on the map , while Azerbaijan , a country extant only since 1918 , miraculously features on a map of 15th century MIddle East . The chronology provided after the novel displays a similar selective igornace of past . A novel that sets out to explore the interesting interwieving cultural palmipsest of an entire country should really at least attempt to remove political blinders for a moment .
 Orhan Pamuk is a simply an orientalist culture man . He is not even an intellectual , and his books are only good marketing purposes . In one of his interview he says ` Ottoman empire is like a rude man trying to entice the elegant lady , Europe ' . He has this mediocre orientalist level of thinking ability . The Nobel Prize Laureate in Literature , Octavio Paz , says `` If your book is a best seller , you have to worry about the level of your its intellectual level '' . My advice is do not buy this book , it 's total waste of time and money , but if you really want to read some market book go and read harry potter or something : -RRB-
 This book could have been summed up in half the pages that he took to draw it out . maybe you had to be turkish to truley understand and appreciate the message in this book .
 I had to read this for a class and I wanted to die of boredom . I could n't get past the first 20 pages .
 I listened to the audio CD whilst driving , and I almost killed myself falling asleep.The prose is lusious even in transalation.The setting exotic and imperial in Istanbul/Constantiople . The historical context tintalating and absorbing.The plot is about 2 murdered classical islamic painters in a community of artist in the service of the sultan.All this is anchored by the romance of a mediocre clerk/Black and a beautiful but faithless widow/Shekura . The interesting aspect of the novel is the tool of narration in the first person.Everyone gets an opportunity , including the murderer , the dog and the horse.Unfortunately it reminds me of exquisite recording of a pedestrain symphony-boring . On top of that , it is so long winded-words , words , words.It was only my sheer stuborness and my survival on the road that enabled me to finish .
 I have now read several nobel winners and they frequently leave me asking - how did this win an award . The book starts off well enough but the story becomes fragmented and confused , almost as if some chapters were edited out and the story was n't adjusted to compensate for their removal . Also it was much more of a love story than a murder mystery ; more like a romance novel with a murder for a back drop .
 That 's how the Spectator , the Observer , The New Yorker and the Guardian describe it . Unfortunately I 'm not deep enough for this book . My review is simply a warning to those more superficial amongst us who happen to come accross this book . If you think this is a light Ottoman murder mystery , then forget it . I read half way through and decided I need to pick it up again when I am mature enough .
 I seem to be in the vast majority but for me , the book moved beyond interesting and seldom reached even that .
 Reading so many rates of this book I ended up buying one sample . It 's just a waste of money ! No , the book is not so bad ; it 's a reasonable one . The fact is that people overrated it as if was a marvellous book - and it is NOT!From 3rd chapter on the reader become bored . The writer speaks more over art than ever ! It 's just a boring book!I wo n't tell you more about this book because there are too many reviews here . I just can say to you do not waste your precious time and money on this book . It is one of the most boring book I have ever read !
 I loved `` Istanbul '' . Thinking this one would be at least as good as the former , I bought `` My Name Is Red '' . I tossed it away after , what , page 60 or so.This book is boring , boring , boring , as if Pamuk was being paid by the page to write it down . The tedious narrative in the first person by the same characters one after the other and so on and so forth , while a novelty at fist soon becomes a tiresome reading exercise . As for story development , well , I saw very few of it and , being convinced there would be little if any in the 400 pages to come , I laid the book to rest .
 The imagery in this book is breathless , the characters vivid , and the technique interesting and unique . However , the plot is not the most interesting in the world . The murder mystery aspect of the book is a failed attempt to add a hook and make the story go somewhere . You will find that the mystery does not interest you nearly as much as the characters . Pamuk is rather wordy and tries to stuff the work with meaning and metaphors . Intead , My Name is Red comes off as floundering and contrived . If you want a good character study and a fascinating historical setting read it ; if you want first class writing and a well-developed plot , look elsewhere .
 I tried very hard to complete this book but the American translation is frankly ridiculous . Turkish words are routinely translated into the most vulgar English equivalent . Not to mention the clumsy use of Americanisms like ` Quit it ' and ` Jerk off ' at least once per chapter.If you can get over the poor translating it 's probably a great story but I could n't stomach it .
 . . but I could not find it.I love mysteries and foreign lands , picked up ` My Name Is Red ' , by Orhan Pamuk , translated from the Turkish . Set in Istanbul around 1600AD , it 's a murder mystery-romance in which unfortunately any sympathy for any of the main characters is slowly eroded to where I did n't care if the murderer gets caught nor if the lovers get together . Kind of gritted my teeth to finish it . But I know more about the inner workings of the Islamic miniaturist painter 's life than I ever wanted.It 's too bad that the translator did n't provide some badly needed editing . Like a storyteller in love with his own voice , Orhan Pamuk simply does n't know when to shut up . I plowed through seemingly endless chapters written from not only the main character 's viewpoints , but from a dog and Satan.This novel could have shed about 1/3 its bulk and been a much more satisfying read.NOT recommended unless you have the patience of a saint.Karl Moeller somewhere in the desert
 The writing is good , but where is it going . Too much information for me to follow . Maybe it is my lack of knowledge of Muslim culture and Turkish history . Whenever I go back to it I am just disapointed and bored . Too much going on , too much silliness . I just wanted it too be over ! Too bad , because the cover is so interesting . One chapter alone was enough for puzzlement . Those of you who really liked it ---------- I do n't get it at all . I do n't care about the miniturists and their angst . Could have lived with just the love story or the mystery or the art history . I felt as if I was in a bad , confusing dream .
 This book was selected for our neighborhood book club . I 've been reading it for what must be a hundred days -LRB- it seems like a hundred - it might be three weeks in actuality -RRB- , and I am proud to say I am on page 50 . You know how people say `` I could n't put it down '' when they are speaking about a great book ? Well , `` I could n't pick it up '' is how I will describe this book to anyone wanting an honest review . It is sluggish , overwrought , convoluted , and inconsistent - and those are its good qualities . And I , a watercolor miniaturist , should be loving this book about manuscript illuminators . Of course , I should finish all 400 + pages before I really review this paperweight . I 'll do that in 2015 when I complete it .
 This was the first novel by Pamuk I read and sadly must admit that 70 pages before the end I gave up unable to read one more page - the book had defeated me.The subject of this novel was the reason I wanted to read it in the first place , because I am very interested in Islamic Culture and Art . Pamuk is obviously an expert on Miniature painting and the information he gives is very interesting , and I learned a lot from it , but it is too repetitive . His passion for the subject probaly run away with him and blinded him to the fact that he was also writing a murder - mystery and not a scholarly dissertation . I feel very stupid reading all these glorious reviews but the fact is , that admitting he is an excellent writer , the book was too long-drawn . I will certainly try one of his other novels in the near future and hope that this time I will hit the Jackpot .
 This review is not intended as an assault on people who enjoyed the book and , given the rating , there are number who did . I am not one of those people . I would like to preempt any attacks on my intelligence or character by saying
 This book -LRB- at least in translation -RRB- is in desperate need of an introduction . The chronology at the back is not sufficient to give some unfamiliar with the history of manuscript illumination in Istanbul any idea what 's going on . An explanation of the controversy surrounding art and illumination and the tensions between Eastern and Western art would have been very helpful . As it was , the bulk of the book was completely lost on me ! Which means that , overall , I ca n't really comment on the quality of the writing or the story , except to say that I found it very difficult to read and not at all enjoyable .
 I read this for book club . I liked parts of it , but it was just too repetitive and ponderous . The weight of all of the words suffocates the love story -LRB- to the extent there is one -RRB- and the mystery . I just wanted it to be over . Blech .
 -LRB- Spoilers ahead -RRB- Well , I really wanted to like this book . I am a painter , exotic locales and the convoluteddetails of ancient history enthrall me . I was in the mood for a long , intricate story withsome meaty characters . The idea of a tree , a coin or a color telling part of the storyfrom their point of view was intriguing . The potential for a masterpiece along the linesof Scheherazade was there . It did n't happen.The microcosm of the miniaturists ' insular world reminds me of high school more thananything else ; shallow , adolescent male characters who seem to represent only jealousy , greed or attentuated sexuality , and who are constantly jockeying for their father-figure ` sattention -LRB- Enishte Effendi -RRB- . Oh , and did I mention the odd sudden abbreviated jags intoboy-lust and sodomy , which have no apparent purpose other than perhaps some dubiousshock value ? These themes repeat over and over , and need more judicious editing . Sigh.As others have said , there is also a mystery but by the end of the book I just did n't careanymore ... the writer uses plotlines as an excuse to proselytize ... in this case againststaying loyal to hidebound traditions . The murderer turns out to be a poorly developedside character ; one among many who could have killed for the same motives . He sidlesmurkily into the depths once his crime is revealed ; a cardboard cut-out of a villainwho could be left out of the book entirely he has so little definition . The murdersthemselves became purposeless and thus the humanity of the victims is also diminished.Again , the potential for a moving resolution to the mystery storyline ended in a muddledpool of wordiness . Sigh.There was a love story , but it too was embarrassingly adolescent ... the love interestShekure acts either as a fierce mother figure or a lustful whorish figure ... there toglorify her boy or her man . Esther , the other major woman in the story , is a caricatureof a sly , shrewish meddler . Not much depth of character in the women in this book either.Sigh.Other annoyances
 I read it first in English . Then , I had to read it in Turkish as well . The reasons why I subjected myself to the level of suffering induced by reading such repetitive and soul-less diatribe twice are :1 . I am Turkish and I thought I owed it to the most famous contemporary Turkish writer and therefore to Turkish Literature at large .2 . My role as the host of a world literature website requires me to be able to make well-informed criticisms , especially when Turkish writers are involved.So , I did it . First conclusion is that the English version is so much better than the original . The book in Turkish is unintelligible . Orhan Pamuk 's sentences are grammatically -LRB- and even by the standards of street-speak -RRB- are incorrect and downright ugly . Most paragraphs do n't make any sense whatsoever . When I compare an entire non-sensical paragraph from the original with its English rendition , I am amazed at the talent of the translator , Erdag Goknar.Orhan Pamuk 's translators are always different . Snow , Istanbul , My Name is Red , White Castle , Black Book and New Life , they were all translated by different people . In each case his writing was much improved by the translator and he owes a great deal to these people.A friend of mine read My Name is Red in Spanish and apparently the Spanish rendition is also much better than the original.Second conclusion
 Rarely have I come across such a horribly boring , tedious book . The writer attempts to impress us with her pompous vocabulary and totally decimates a promising subject . A difficult and painful read .
 My Husband 's Girlfriend was ok at best . The title of the book instantly grabs you and the plot really disappointed . I feel that the husband should have been more concerned with his wife 's feelings and the battle she was fighting . He came across selfish and unconcerned .
 I can read a book in half a day if it is good . The story did not capture my attention and it took me over a week and a half to finish it . I found myself skipping through it a lot , for the story had no rising action . It states monotone the entire read . I do n't recommend this book . I do n't think I 'll be buying anymore of this author 's books , I usually judge the author by the first book I read .
 The Author had a great concept with this book but She just went the wrong way with it ! I really would n't waste my time with this book . Thank Godness I borrowed it !!!!!!
 First , let me say it was a good concept . But , the story itself to me was a little well whack . First , i read the whole book so I 'm speaking on the overall book . To me Anya was portrayed to be strong but she put up with a lot of things and it made her look weak . Then , Neil he wanted everything . The only reason he even gave Dani up was because Anya FINALLY put her foot down and was like you ca n't see her at all . Dani had to come in the house half naked for her to even realize that . Then , the whole time Dani did n't realy hide the fact that she wanted Neil and Anya was like just dealing with it . I do n't know maybe because I 've never been married I dont ' understand . But , it just was too UNBELIEVABLE to me .
 Rating
 I read My daughters boyfriend and was not overly impressed but thought I would give the author another go . This book was equally as boring . Parts were so drawn out ... the characters were not jumping off the page . I hope the author stops writing books about people taking other peoples partner .
 This book was extremely boring . It started out good and I felt that I should atleast give it a chance . What a waste of my time . The story line was unrealistic and sad . What woman allows herself to be used up again and again ? In addition , why would you allow that yo happen ? I know that many women would not put up with all that crap !!! I have been married for 20 years and my love does n't want to cover up the kind of mess depicted in this book . I will not be buying another book from this author .
 I read this book thru my book club . This book is so horrible and boring . The characters are dumb and I cant place this situation happening in the real world . The only thing catchy about this book is the title . Another book I would not purchase and another author I would not read ... . zzzzzzz
 THIS WAS A WASTED PLOT ! SO MUCH MORE COULD HAVE BEEN DONE WITH THIS STORYLINE .
 I was very disappointed in this book . The wife put up with entirely too much crap from the husband . It is just unreal . I would borrow the book instead of buying it .
 This book was so boring I just could n't get into it . I kept waiting for it to get better and it never did . I could n't even finish it . Total waste of time . I am definitely glad I did n't buy it . !!!
 This book was really boring . The characters are not really developed . I 'm glad that I have enough sense to read the reviews before I purchase a book nowadays . Anya 's character really was making me pissed everytime I hear the story in her point of view . Then she goes on to try and give advice to the Dani and Vette , I 'm thinking to myself how can you give advice and your situation is out of the ordinary . She 's very passive . She not strong-willed in any way . She does n't get `` tired '' of being used . This book was not realistc in any form . Even though there are situations where peole `` deal '' with certain things , but she never drew the line , it was one thing after the next . This book is really boring . It does n't get you attention like it should . I 'm going to go ahead and finish this book because I 'm a avid reader . But I do n't think I 'll buy any of her books . I 'll stick to my regular authors
 I finally finished reading this book yesterday . It took me almost a week to finish this book , and that 's unusual for me but this just was n't a good read . It was slow , boring , repetitive and it never went anywhere . The only character who I halfway liked was Anya , but even then , she was so stupid and gullible it was hard for me to feel her pain . She was supposed to be so strong yet she was so weak . She suffered from some sort of sexual dysfunction and could rarely get aroused and was never in the mood , therefore she never wanted to have sex . After being in a celibate marriage for a long time , she suggests that her husband go find someone to be intimate with in an `` oral '' way . The conditions were that he could not fall in love and he could n't have sex with her . Yeah right ! That 's like giving somebody a million dollars but telling them not to spend it . Her actions were just over the top ! She accepted so much , too much in my opinion , including her husband 's `` love child '' and basically accepted his continuous affair with `` the other woman '' . At one point , I was foolish enough to believe that Neil -LRB- her husband -RRB- was remorseful for his actions but that quickly went away after I saw how he was acting in the latter chapters . Neil was selfish and wanted what he wanted - which was Dani . I am not even sure if Neil even wanted Anya and I ca n't understand why she hung around as long as she did . I think he just decided to stay with her for the sake of their daughter . In one chapter , Dani asked Neil if he was happy and he did n't say `` yes '' or `` no '' but you could tell what he was thinking . Neil wanted Dani in a bad way , so bad that he could n't say away from her . In some parts of the book he actually has a conscience and wants to do right by Anya . But he falls into the web of deceit every single time.Dani ... well that 's a whole nother story . She was trifling in my opinion . Very needy and lonely and did n't seem to mind being `` the other woman '' . As long as she had Neil she was fine . She did n't care that she was contributing to breaking up Neil and Anya 's marriage . She was a snake . She smiled in Anya 's face and played innocent and the whole time , up until the end of the book , she was still trying to sleep with Neil ... even after he finally decided to leave her alone -LRB- which was only because he knew Anya was n't going to take his BS anymore -RRB- . I feel that she did n't really want Brax -LRB- her and Neil 's son -RRB- . He was just a ticket for her to get to Neil . She seemed like she cared about him but then again she did n't because she did n't act like a mother.Overall , I thought this was a waste of ink and paper ! The plot was good but I ca n't figure out why the author did n't take it to another level . It was just a bunch of conversation , with the same drama over and over again -LRB- Dani and Neil sleeping together and Anya being dumb -RRB- . After the first few chapters I was so sick and tired of these people . It was making me depressed ! Nobody could be that stupid , could they ? No black woman is going to make a marital agreement like that ... then sit back and watch their marriage be destroyed right before their eyes . No black woman is going to put up with all that mess ... getting an STD -LRB- then taking pills that her husband gives her without knowing what they are or why she 's taking them -RRB- . No black woman is going to setup an in-house nursery for a baby their husband had while they were married . Then invite the baby and the baby 's mama to the house to visit on a regular basis.The events in this book were unrealistic . The writing style was good and like I said this book had potential , but the author failed to take us to another level and keep us interested . At times I thought about putting this book down and moving on to something else , but I had hope that something else would happen . I gave this book two stars because it was n't horrible but it was n't good , so I could n't give it three stars .
 This book was OK . I was frustrated while reading this book , b/c some of the things his wife put up where just unreal . Too unreal . Borrow it .
 Depressing , boring and just not worth the money this book was so not good . I was so diappointed .
 this book is full of conversation and no action . nothing happens . they talk about the situation . dont waste your money or your time !!!
 After reading the back of the book , I thought that the concept was a good one . But after having read the book , I just have to say that I was annoyed with all three main characters . I do n't know who I was supposed to be rooting for . In my opinion , none of them were likable characters . I personally would n't waste my time .
 the book starts with the death of a highly renowned pastry chef . then it goes to describe other characters , not even mentioning the death pf of the pastry chef . the description of the characters are very good , but they should be after most than 3/4 of the book are spent describing them . the murder is n't even discussed until the last 50 pages . and to me , the murder scenario , seemed like a let down .
 One thing about this book-the plot of Tosca is fully revealed . When nothing exciting is happening , Margaret Truman explains Pucini to the uninitiated-myself included.The other thing about this book is that the plot structure is closely modeled on those from Italian opera . This means in practicality that the real villain must be someone we would find villainous today . That means Middle Eastern terrorists . That the terrorist plot subplot seems contrived escapes Ms Truman . In modern thrillers the chase is the thing , but in this book the terrorists come and go in clouds of dust and mystery , and nobody you find interesting even knows about them.I particularly found the continuation of the Opera Ball after an assassination attempt to be laughable . Remember 9/11 ? Everyone wanted to get out of any possible line of fire and hurried home . In Washington society they dance the night away.If the DVD is broken and the cable out , you might pick up this book . Otherwise look for the new Michael Connelly or Robert Parker .
 Throughout this book one wondered where the writer was going ... the last several chapters gave us the answer ... nowhere . Dialogue and actions were just simply , unbelievable . I agree with the other reviewers who did not enjoy this book ... and I , too , believe that Margaret is not actually the author , but has simply lent her name to the series ... sadly .
 This book , as well as Mr. Shaara 's previous effort about WWI , did not live up to my expectations . His prequel and sequel to The Killer Angels did n't skip a beat from his father 's memorable novel about the conflict at Gettysburg and that momentum carried over to his tale of the US-Mexican War and his 2-novel series on the American Revolution . Perhaps it was those lofty expectations that left me disappointed with his most recent work . After 2 + years , I have yet to finish The Rising Tide as I have been unable to immerse myself into this story - something that would occur naturally for the reader in his early works . I do hope that after the WWII series is completed , he goes back to his roots and is able to find the inner storyteller that captivated us all as in Gods and Generals and The Last Full Measure .
 I should have known better , after reading Shaara 's previous book on the First World War , which I thought was a mediocre volume . After reading his latest effort , I must say that I likely wo n't waste my time reading another of his books . I applaud him for writing a book about this campaign , but it is again painfully obvious that he has limited writing skills , a poor grasp of character development , a lack of technical knowledge regarding weapons , army organization , etc. , and a real ignorance of militaries other than the United States . As other reviewers have stated , the few battle scenes are poorly drawn , and unexciting , he makes numerous technical errors , and the fictional protangists in particular are unconvincing . Another reviewer mentioned the removal of Jewish American POWS , by black trench-coated Gestapo agents , in Tunisia , in May . Never happened , and this was the final straw for me . I will admit that I expect an author to know his subject , especially when it comes to historical topics . If Bernard Cornwall , Patrick O'Brien , W.E.B. Griffith , C.S. Forrester , etc. , etc. can do it , why not Shaara ? It amazes me that so many people rave about this book , and his earlier efforts . He apparently has a well-oiled publishing machine , and he sells books , so the bottom line is that we can expect more of the same , but I doubt any any better effort will result .
 Poor Jeff - he has to live in the shadow of his father , Michael Shaara , who wrote the excellent novel Killer Angels . I thought Jeff did a good job with his civil war novels , and ok with the WWI novel.This book is not exciting . The author gives the reader a long -LRB- over 100 pages -RRB- background of WWII . I do not think that is needed - who but WWII buffs are going to read this ? That makes all of the background history unnessary . When you finally do get into the dialogue between the characters , it is two dimensional and reveals nothing new . I think the author should challenge himself and the reader providing something unique.As other reviewers have pointed out , there are technical errors in the book as well , which means you have to take that aspect of the book with a grain of salt - so why bother?Don ' t believe me - take it from the author himself - he says in his own introduction , what can he possibly add to all that has already been written about WWII ? Indeed , Jeff , good question .
 I am not a big fan of critics . To me it seems that there is a whole industry based on people tearing apart other peoples ' art , and the people doing the tearing have most often never created anything of their own that could be critiqued . Having said that , I feel compelled to say something about this book . For me it stopped dead in its tracks once the character of `` Logan '' was introduced . While I feel it is quite honorable to attempt to breathe life into the men -LRB- many little more that boys -RRB- who fought the great struggle of World War II , I feel that Shaara falls flat on his face in his attempt at creating these characters . The novel was moving at a relatively steady clip until Part II . At that point I feel like I had just waded into a quagmire with no end in sight , and the only way out was forward ... or to put the book down.I hate not finishing a book , but I just ca n't read this one anymore . Also , aside from his annoying depictions of certain characters , his incessant use of commas and fragments drives me nuts .
 Okay Jeff Shaara , we get it . Your opinion is that everyone in WWII spent most of their time bitching about one thing or another . That 's fine . But it 's just plain boring when your `` characters '' begin sounding exactly the same over the course of a book -LRB- except Patton who says `` Damn it ! '' more often -RRB- .
 I was disappointed in this book . The cover art is inviting , but the prose is dull and predictable . I am a WWII buff , but I started looking forward to the next book on my to-read list a dozen pages into this tome . Historical figures like George Patton , Churchill , Eisenhower and Irwin Rommel deserve better than they received at the hands of Jeff Sharra .
 Shallow . Definitely lacking in any sort of history
 This book was disappointing to me . I have never read a more sanitized novel about WWII .
 I 'm a big fan of all of Jeff 's other books . I think he has gotten better with each book that he 's written . That trend ended here . Unfortunately , I believe the reason was a tactical error . What made his other books so good where the portrayal of the war and hardship that the protaganists had to experience . By choosing to spend so much time on Eisenhower and other generals , there just was n't anything exciting or riveting happening . He spent too much time dealing with planning and not enough time on the experiences of the men .
 I should disclaim this review by saying that perhaps the problem is I do n't `` get '' Jeff Shaara and his genre.I read a great deal history books , including military history with World War II history in particular . I also read a fair amount of fiction . I understand that war can be an extremely compelling setting for a story . There are many great novels set in World War II - The Naked and the Dead , From Here to Eternity , etc. I do n't understand this kind of novelization of history , however . Historians have been studying the decisions and actions of key figures like Eisenhower for decades , and have important insights based on interviews , memoirs , etc. . There are also many oral histories of the lives of individual soldiers and civilians out there to teach us what it was like to be among the millions of souls swept up during the events of the war.So what is the point of this novelization of history?But on top of everything , I simply do n't find Shaara to be a good prose writer or a storyteller . Everything seem kind of absurd , stiff , cardboard-like . Like I said , perhaps it 's simply because I do n't `` get '' Shaara 's genre .
 I was disappointed . I found myself `` speed reading '' through sections and I could n't wait to be done with it . Frankly , while the book seems to be well received by others -- in fact , it got a starred reveiw from Publishers weekly and four star reveiws by readers at -LSB- ... -RSB- , I feel as if I am missing the picture , so to speak . The battle scenes were boring and poorly drawn . I do n't think he has the feeling for modern combat . His behind scenes with Rommel and Eisenhower were much better , then the combat scenes , but nothing new or earth shattering . Some small technical things turned me off as well . For example , instead of saying a battalion of the 504th jumped with the 505th into Sicily , he writes `` a section of the 504th jumped with the 505th . '' instead of saying a company of American tanks charged the enemy he says that a squadron of us tanks charged the enemy . And he also seems to pick up on every stereotype about the war without bothering to check out its veracity ; for instance , he notes that presence of dark trench coated types hanging around POW pens in Bizerte and then the American Jewish POWs start to mysterious ly disappear only to return weeks later bloody and badly beaten up -- were 'd he get that ??? I have to give it a thumbs down .
 ... I could not finish this book . I must admit that it is not in any way reflective of the author 's writing style , but simply because I can not get into a fictional account of military history that is so fraught with factual errors . In the opening scene - May 1942 - the British tank crew are in their `` A-9 '' ... the A-9 was an early war British cruiser , and was not in service past early 1941 ... what difference does a year make ? In WW2 , a huge one - weapon development and attrition proceeded at a mind spinning rate in the war , and by May 1942 the British 7th Armoured Division was equiped with that later models of the Crusader and Valentine tank and Lend Lease M-3 Grants and Stuarts ... Shaara goes on to describe the `` odor of deisel fuel ' the commander smells ... the A-9 had a petrol engine . Deisel fuel for tanks was simply not used in Western armour until post-war . The author then describes this wide open , featureless expanse of desert before the tank commander , and within a few pages this same tank crew is engaged in armoured combat with German tanks at a range of 100 yards ... 100 yards ??? ... how did they get so close ? did the Germans have cloaking devices on?For me , historical fiction can be a wonderful read , but only if I can buy into the actual scenario being described . This book failed on that account .
 I 've enjoyed every Shaara novel until this one . In his Civil War novels , Lee , Jackson , and others were real three dimensional characters with unique voices , and the pace of the writing changed in tense battle scenes.Now he 's adopted a breathless writing style using compound sentences continuously , regardless of the tension . He even uses them in the dialog which makes every character and the narrarative all sound alike.It feels like the work of a research team , not a novelist .
 I bought this book because I greatly enjoy historical fiction and I greatly enjoyed Jeff Shaara 's two novels of the American Revolution , not to mention his father 's works on the Civil War . What a disappointment ! I have not finished the book yet - I 'm not sure I can . It it like reading a cliched World War II movie . The portryals of actual historical figures are wooden and one dimensional mostly characters speaking lines in costume is how I would describe them . You certainly do not get a sense of the men . The history is choppy and for a book this ambitious shows an amazing lack of research or knowledge of the complexity of the political forces in play . There is no nuance here , everyone is painted with a heavy brush . The Americans are good men doing their job , the British are prigs and unable to handle things on their own , Rommel is noble , the Italians are bunglers , and I think the French are the enemy . This is the simplified cliched version of the war Hollywood mass produced years ago . It could set back your understanding of the war if you are not careful . Maybe Shaara was trying to capture the mindset of the people at the time and not add too much knowledge to keep it real for the period . If so , he failed terribly . This book does not do justice to conflict it intended to portray .
 -LRB- review by her husband -RRB- The Rising Tide is Jeff Shaara 's first part of a WW II Trilogy . Having enjoyed both his Civil War and Revolutionary War histories , I looked forward to his approach to this conflict . Unfortunately , the book lacked the spark that Shaara imparted to his earlier writings . Herman Wouk did it better in his set .
 It 's hard to think of this as a novel , rather than a recycled `` WWII 101 '' history sprinkled with fictional vignettes . I could n't get past the first couple of chapters before I kept skipping ahead , thinking `` Yes , I know this , I know that , I did n't buy this to learn about WWII , I wanted to read a compelling story '' . Having read most of his earlier works , I should have known better .
 Mr. Shaara is a terrific writer , and if he set out to write non fiction histories of wars I 'm sure his work would stand up with the best of the genre . However , as a novel , this one , `` The Rising Tide '' left me cold . In fact , I was unable to finish the book . I found it dry , factual , and frankly boring . I mean , the war was over 65 years ago . The allies won . So facts and figures and drawings of battle plans and casualty figures just are n't that compelling . At this point it does n't matter much how many tanks Rommel commanded and how many tanks Montgomery or Patton commanded . I wanted a story about the men who fought those tanks and the infrantry soldiers who fought alongside them!I was looking for a good novel about the men and women who fought the war , told from their viewpoints . Something I could get emotionally involved with.I say again , good book as a dry history . As a novel , not so hot .
 As a reader of historical fiction and a WWII buff I really wanted to like this book . I have plowed through about two-thirds of it and just given up , as much as I wanted to like it I just ca n't take the time to go on.For me , this book fails on several levels . Shaara tries to tell the `` big picture '' and `` small picture '' stories by switching points of view between historical and fictional protagonists , but the brief vingnettes with the fictional characters left me unable to know or care much about them.The historical characters are poorly rendererd cardbord cutouts . I realized part way through that the dialogue attributed to each man is indistinguishable in vocabulary , diction , and tone from each other . There is no sense of Eisenhower 's optimism , Patton 's fire , Rommel 's leadership or Marshall 's gravitas . All of them , in the book , speak in contemporay -LRB- and I mean currrent contemporary -RRB- slang . I realize that general officers sometimes address each other by first name in private , but I do n't believe ANYONE ever addressed Marshall as `` George '' ... and Marshall addressed Eisenhower as `` Eisenhower '' and never as `` Ike '' as Shaara has him doing.By the way , there is an author 's warning about the language in the book . It 's limited to everybody saying `` damnned '' a whole damnned lot - from George Marshall -LRB- who seldom , if ever , used any sort of profanity -RRB- to George Patton -LRB- who was famous for his foul tounge , and was a much more creative cusser then using one mild expletive continuously -RRB- . The research seems to be correct in the large but superficial . The author refers to equpment -LRB- armored trucks -RRB- that did not exist in the U.S. Army inventory in 1942 , and there are numerous small factual errors - for example American tanks are referred to as `` more compact '' then German ones - when in fact the high profile of US armor was a disadvantage compared to German armor.In short , if you know anything about WWII history already , you will not enjoy the book because of the inaccurate characterization of historical figures that you already know and numerous niggling factual errors . If you are n't knowlegeable about WWII history , you will get tired of the cookie-cutter characters and wo n't care much about the fictional ones.The story of a green U.S. Army facing the veteran German army and losing it 's first battle -LRB- Kasserine Pass -RRB- and then recovering to win victory after victory over the nazis is a great one . It deserves better than this novel . Your time and money would be better spent with history - like Stephen Ambrose , Cornelius Ryan or Charles B. Macdonald to name a few .
 I just finished the Sevenwaters series -LRB- Marillier -RRB- and was desperate for something to continue the theme of beautifully written adult fairy tales . The Orphan 's Tales seemed like a perfect fit - vivid imagery , an unbelievably creative author with a knack of a clever turn of phrase , excellent reviews , etc.Orphan 's Tales is essentially 113 short stories loosely connected . It is clever in that each new story is told by a person in the preceding one , `` I was n't always this way , once I was a young witch and ... '' All of the tales come from a powerful imagination and are vividly rendered.But the connecting threads of this book are loose at best . Each tale is as fantastic as it is brief . You do n't spend enough time with any character to really care about them so it felt like flipping through colorful pages of fantasy characters . After a while it 's just a blur of color . It almost felt repetitive and I struggled to finish.There are so many positive reviews here so perhaps I 'm the odd man out . But as a lover of fantasy , dark stories , etc. . I fully expected to love this . And did n't .
 I 've had to read this book for a class and I can say it 's horrible . Because the stories are from many points of view , the reader is left lost and wondering what is going on . I 'm in a class of 50 college students and the only people that liked the book were English majors . The vast majority of the people in this class found the book lacking direction and cohesion . Because the stories are so short , I felt like I could n't get behind a character and follow them . I would never recommend this book to anyone that liked high fantasy . It 's not an easy read or an enjoyable one .
 A friend of mine , who likes the same type of books that I do , raved and raved about how amazing this book was . Honestly , I could barely make it past the first 25 pages . I 'll probably give it another try , but so far , I have not been impressed at all .
 This novel was a let down . I was especially dissapointed because I really liked Chacon 's first book , Chicano Chicanery . In fact I liked the short story collection so much that when And the Shadows Took Him came out I bought a copy right away and enthusiastically began reading . Unfortunately , however , I was only able to get about half way through before being overcome by boredom . I put the book aside , and am just finishing it now -- two years later ! In my opinion , the plot is convoluted and the prose flat ; there just was n't much to hold my attention . I think Chacon really hit the sophmore slump with this one . Hopefully he 'll be able to recapture the old Chicano Chicanery magic in his next work .
 I was inspired to read this book after hearing Elizabeth Edwards interviewed about it on NPR . In the first few chapters the writing is strong and engaging , particularly as she poignantly shares the truly painful experience of her son 's death . But the book slowly digresses into a travelogue of events and name-dropping . I kept thinking ... `` She 's trying to include every possible name that might have something to offer if there 's ever a future campaign . '' She also tries too hard to convince us she 's `` just a normal gal from North Carolina '' who considers everyone `` family . '' I certainly agree with her thesis that we should all try harder to connect with the people around us . But more and more I felt the book was self-promoting and phony .
 I was surprised at the content of the story . She went on and on about her father.This was anoying to me , as her life so far has involved many people . I can not relate to the loss of her son and hope I never have to . She does give her inner most thoughts on losing a child , which may have been good for her and others in her position . Her health problems and husband , I 'm sure made it a difficult book to write . If she left her father out more , this would have been a good read .
 I was looking forward to reading this book but have been truly disappointed . There are some redeeming features but they do not outweigh the negatives . The writing at times seems disjointed and too full of names that I did not care about - seemed also like namedropping - not to impress but to give notice , either notice of thanks or notice of disappointment . There were far too many names mentioned . My thought upon finishing this book was that she kept a diary , wrote the book from it , and had someone edit the book who was not very skilled . I expected to be informed and inspired and I was not .
 I gave this book only one star as it was not , at all , what I 'd expected . Her life revolved around Wade , and his memories . -LRB- whichI certainly understand . -RRB- ... . Losing a son would be horrible ! Had she written a book entitled &#34; MY SON WADE &#34; , or such , I would not have purchased it . I feel bad for the cards Elizabeth were dealt in life , but I feel she mislead the contents with her Title of her book . I would not recommend purchasing the book .
 This book is an overall biography of Elizabeth Edwards ' life , not a story of her walk through breast cancer -LRB- as I expected -RRB- . The book is well written and especially interesting in the first half . The latter half of the book I found to be very dull -- lots of places and names mentioned , but no real story . It is almost as though she needed to fill pages , so we are forced to yawn our way through the end of the book . It is a shame -- Edwards is such a gifted writer . I hope she will write more in the future , but from a personal point of view . She has great potential , and much to offer !
 I bought this book as an audio book , abridged.It was confusing . Stick to the unabridged .
 I truly enjoy the rapid dowloading of books to my Kindle . I 've purchased , downloaded , and read many books this way . But this book would not download , no matter what I tried and even with the assistance of live tech support . If anyone can tell me how to unlock this book , I would love to read it because I 've already paid for it .
 I so looked forward to this novel after including `` Cold Mountain '' among the best books I have ever read . `` Thirteen Moons '' is a yawner and a major disappointment from an author who brought us so much with his first novel . `` Cold Mountain '' the film did not come close to capturing the essence of Frazier 's words , so do n't judge that book by the film . I waded through 400 + pages of `` Thirteen Moons '' and waited for something to catch my imagination and interest . It never happened . The love story ? - In a strange way , it reminded me of Harry Chapin 's classic `` Taxi , '' but again , Chapin did a far better job of touching my heart than Frazier did . Unfortunately for Frazier , there are far too many more novels worth reading to come even close to moving `` Thirteen Moons '' onto the ` must read ' list .
 After Cold Mountain I was sure that Thirteen Moons would be my read of the year . Unfortunately , it fell extremely short of being even a good read . I could n't wait for it to be finished . I think the author attempted to be too sophisticated and svelte to really convey what should have been a heart-tugging and compassionate telling of the plight of the Indian Nation of the Smokey Mountains , especially the Cherokee . I felt he was writing more for an R Rated Hollywood script potential than for a much anticipated follow-on to Cold Mountain , an outstanding book by the way . Could have been another Cold Mountain but ended up , for me , a cold turkey .
 I also loved Cold Mountain , one of my favorite books , and could hardly wait to read Charles Frazier 's new novel . However , I was very disappointed . Yes , he writes beautifully , but I agree with other reviewers that the story was dull and uninteresting . I was n't convinced that Will truly loved Claire , because their relationship was so shallow . I 'm sorry I ca n't recommend that anyone spend time reading this book .
 Remember Gunderson 's follow-up to Snow Falling on Cedars ? Nor do most people . I think Frazier 's follow-up to Cold Mountain will be just as ignominious . I read this book because the reviewers who panned it hated Cold Mountain . I loved Cold Mountain , so I assumed I would also disagree with the criticisms of this book . Unfortunately , the pans were correct and soporific is as good a one word description as any.Frazier has a heavy-handed style of writing which at times approaches blue prose . It worked in Cold Mountain because things happened . Amazingly , virtually nothing happened in the 420 pages of Thirteen Moons.This is not a love story - the object of the narrator 's infatuation only appears in a few pages and inexplicably leaves him four times.This is not a book about the March of Tears , although there is mention of it and the narrator makes a fortune buying land for a group of Indians who avoid the March.It is not a book about the Cicil War , although that appears for about 10 pages.After finishing the book , I was hard-pressed to describe what the book is about . Set as a memoir , there was even startlingly little about Will 's life.There was , however , an interminable amount of descriptions . Descriptions of houses , people , valleys , Washington , Indians , women , and anything else the author could think of . I think of this book as a continuing string of adjectives . No verbs to make anything happen.In sum , it was tedious , tedious , tedious and a major disappointment .
 The first half was pretty good , the second half was not . Is this what you get when a successful author -LRB- Cold Mt. -RRB- gets paid in advance for a second novel . -LRB- Shades of Sarah Gruen & Ape House -RRB- .
 I agree with every word from the Washington Post review above.There was something sickening about this book . It was as though the author , previously praised for his writing , blatantly attempted to top it , but instead went too far over the top . Narrative description is filled with sickening sweet similes and metaphors , like a cup of coffee with ten spoons of sugar . With every line , instead of telling the story , we have to traverse all these similes , images , and metaphors . There can be too much of this . It slows the pace to a slither . Few books turn me off enough to the point that I 'd say I 'd never re-read it , but this is one of them . Not to mention a plot that made watching that paint dry a real joy . It bored me to sleep.If anyone doubts what publisher marketing can do , look at this one . There are thousands of books light-years better than this that never get recognition due to marketing and exposure . I think I 've had my fill of this author for one lifetime .
 a mysterious girl named Claire ... . we never found out who she is , whatmakes her tick ... is it possible Mr.Frasier had no idea either ?
 Yes , I like Cold Mountain '' , yadayada , but I found this the worst drag of reading I have experienced in a long time . I read 350 pages out of 400 and just closed it once and for all . There is totally nothing to this book other rambling and poor characterizations . The author rode his reputation into this book and ultimately damaged it in the end .
 I recieved two copies of this book . All pages on both books were not cut correctly leaving and uneven set of pages showing . I was told -LRB- by Amazon -RRB- not to send the first book back because of the frieight costs . However the second copy arrived with the same problem . I have now been told that the further charges are due . I have responded advising i do n't want the books and will send them back at your cost . Please sort this out . Will you repay the return frieght if i send them back ?
 I finally finished `` Thirteen Moons '' . Having quit `` Cold Mountain '' halfway through , I was determined to complete this one . The story had some interesting history , but Frazier 's writing is very frustrating and tiresome to read . First of all , a large number of his sentences are fragments . In my English courses in school , my teachers would have failed me for such bad composition . Worse than the numerous fragments were single sentences that rambled on and on for an entire paragraph . Again , where is the English teacher ! Frazier also gets carried away with descriptive sentences . Some examples
 Does n't Charles Frazier know that the first letter of every important word in a title should be capitalized ? If he 's making basic capitalization errors on the cover , well that does n't give me much faith in what 's inside . I 'll bet it 's pretty lousy . I say this is a terrible book .
 Very disappointing and BORing ! NO likeable characters , VERY uninteresting story . Could/Would not finish -- too many `` better '' books waiting .
 I 've read all the glowing reviews here and I will say that I loved Cold Mountain . I 'm only 1/2 way through Thirteen Moons and I 'm not sure if I 'm going to be able to finish it . It is so boring that I read pages and pages and realize that I have no idea what I 've just read ! It might as well be a book on economic theory for all the pleasure it is giving me .
 I did n't like Thirteen Moons as much as I liked Cold Mountain and Nightwoods , however the story was good , and interesting . Fraizer takes us on a look at how the Indians in the mountains were living , and how they were betrayed by the United States government . It also gets lost in the gentlemen 's love life as well . I did indeed like learning more about Indian culture , something which our government could have care less about , or these people would not have been forced from ther homes and sent out West . It was a new take on an old moment in the history of this country .
 The idea for this book had so much potential . It took me 4 tries to get through the first 30 pages of Cold Mountain , but then I loved it . Somehow this book was like those first thirty pages for the entire story , but unfortunately was just good enough to not give up . I wish I had because nothing happens . The writing is pretentious , not lyrical . the characters are one dimensional . the book is awful
 This book was not in the same league of Frazier 's first effort . I found myself not caring about the characters and basically wanting the book to end . The lack of a plot would be fine if you could get caught up in the character or lost in the beauty of the language but the writing is so overblown and tedious the fact that nothing much is happening stands out . I really wanted to like this book and I was trying hard to like it as I read it but the fact of the matter is , this is a bad book .
 Starts off with a very real depiction of life at the place and time of the novel . That 's the interesting part . It slowly devolves into an -LRB- spoiler -RRB- unappealing read . I found myself asking , why keep reading this , I have better things to do and read . And at the end , an old man with his memories doing futile actions against the modern world . What 's the point ?
 Since Cold Mountain is one of my favorite books in recent memory , I was expecting the same long , descriptive and provacative passages in Thirteen Moons . I was sadly disappointed to the point I almost did n't finish the book . It did not hold my interest . The story jumped around a lot and I thought the character development was weak . I did not get the feeling of time and place when reading this novel . Maybe it 's not fair to compare his sophomore effort with Cold Mountain , but it seemed like some one other than Frazier wrote Thirteen Moons .
 First , as always , the disclaimer . I am a regional author -LRB- Suomalaiset
 Loved Cold Mountain . But this book - very long and slow and boring . This book could have been a barn burner , but it just plodded along and never really had any moments of excitement at all .
 I absolutely loved Cold Mountain and found it hard to put down . I found it difficult to pick this book up . Charles Frazier is so vivid in his descriptions you truly feel as if you are standing beside the main character . The only problem is the book does n't take me anywhere . It just seems to drone on and on and I found myself getting bored reading it . Sorry but for me this book lacks the excitement of his first novel .
 I have read all the reviews of this book in order to see if I have somehow missed the point . There is no argument that the author has impressive skills in creating a mood , a picture or an interesting anecdote . His first work was a Civil War version of the Canterbury Tales and each encounter added to the content of the whole and to a suspenseful conclusion . This novel wanders aimlessly , giving no satisfaction either to the plight of the Cherokee or to the substance of the main character or his relationships . The meanderings are irrelevant to any insight to the main character . His relationships to the other characters are shallow and lead nowhere . I had the feeling that Frazier tired of his story just as the colonel tired of his life . The ending is as boring as the previous 200 pages . Perhaps Frazier should write short stories
 I purchased Moons because of the rave reviews and my enjoyment of Cold Mountain . Unfortunately , while the second half of this book may have been exceptional , I was unable to force myself to finish trudging through the first half to find out . The plot unravels very slowly , seemingly at the same pace that life was lived in the historical period in which the book is set . And while the details of day to day life as presented were interesting they simply did not make up for the lack of engaging characters or substantial plot . As I read I found myself daydreaming and skipping whole paragraphs -LRB- never a good sign -RRB- simply to move things along and avoid the ongoing tedium . Perhaps I will again return to finish this book if ever faced with time to pointlessly kill -LRB- eg
 Like many other Amazon reviewers , I held Cold Mountain in the highest regard , enjoyed leading our book group discussion on it , and eagerly awaited dipping into this latest offering from Frazier . While his command of the written word is superb and his opening sentence both gripping and beautiful , I found little to hold my interest as I plowed through an overly-described , narrowly-conceived story . I found many of the Cherokee customs fascinating and inspiring , but overall I was sorely disappointed to discover how COARSE the entire book is in terms of language and content -- not just civil-war reality , but deliberately base . I can not imagine this book appealing to women at all . It is decidedly masculine in topic , tone , character , and exudes a pervasive sense of hopelessness throughout . I am embarrassed to have recommended this to my book group , and am changing my selection . I am also embarrassed that I gave it as a gift -LRB- twice -RRB- without reading it first , based on the excellence of Cold Mountain . This book is nothing like its predecessor , and definitely not a literary masterpiece .
 I found myself constantly nodding off as I read this novel . I was only a bit comforted to find I was not alone when I read a review from the Washington Post that suggested the book would put millions of readers to sleep .
 I was disappointed in this book . I had enjoyed reading the author 's previous novel , Cold Mountain . 13 Moons had some interesting information about the American Indians , but I 'm not sure if the information was fact or fiction . The book seemed somewhere between a novel and a documentary .
 What a disappointment !! Very superficial character development - one really gets no sense of Bear or Will beyond the simple chronicling of events . Extremely boring-I forced myself to finish this . I expected to gain insight into the forced emigration of the Cherokees , personal survival or depth of character , etc. but this read like a newspaper article rather than a novel . Nothing of depth except trite aphorisms which seemed unoriginal . I can ; t believe anyone would call this a great NOVEL.Infuriatingly disappointing .
 This is probably the most boring book I have read in my life . Charles Frazier did an immaculate job with Cold Mountain , however `` Thirteen Moons , '' was very disappointing . I 'll give the author the benefit of a very well researched book that takes place in Appalachia . The author does give vivid details about the environment in which the story takes place . Sadly there is no plot and no real feeling of attachment to any of the characters in the novel . There are so many great reads out there . Do n't waste your time starting this .
 Let me start by saying I loved `` Cold Mountain '' , but I was disappointed with Thirteen Moons . I grew up in the Tennessee mountains and have quite a bit of Cherokee blood in me . It 's seems that Mr. Frazier tried to take out all of the romanticism out of the way current culture views Indian culture and ways . He portrays the men as half-breed , lazy drunks . The Indian women as harlots who sleep with anyone but their husbands . The translations for the Indian language are also hard to swallow . I find it hard to believe that Indians in the late 1800 's used the word `` f**king '' as an adjective and a common noun , or used the language that the author gives them in this book . These people bare no resemblence to my great grandmother and her kin who were part of the Nation left behind.As far as the style of the book , it is much the same as Cold Mountain , lots of flourish and prose . But the life he describes in the mountains is lacking in richness and texture . It 's more of a loose framework of unlikable characters in the midst of crisis . I would compare it to a machine-sewn quilt -- pretty but lacking skill , intimate detail , and history . The interwoven stories lack meaning , and are haphazardly stitched together . Part of the allure of `` Cold Mountain '' were the side stories that gave us an emotional tie-in . It 's almost like he tried to write the same book with different characters . The same longing -LRB- love would be a stretch -RRB- is there in Claire and Will , albeit a little one-sided in perspective . We have elements of life for the privileged contrasted with those who have only their land along with a little bit of despair and war thrown in for good measure.Although I loved Cold Mountain , I did n't want to read a facsimile of the same story . I would n't discourage the author to write about the mountains , but he needs to personally embrace the culture and the people who have the stories to tell .
 Charles Frazier created a thirsty audience with his deservedly acclaimed Cold Mountain . And what author , with a generous advance in the bank , can resist the attempt to quench that thirst quickly , whether or not he has the material and inspiration to succeed ? Charles had neither , and Thirteen Moons is the proof . The plot is glacial and uneven ; the characters , other than his melancoly protagonist , shallow ; the atmosphere overwrought . Still , he has immense talent , so let 's hope that his next effort returns to the exquisite form of Cold Mountain.The novel does have its moments . I grew very fond of Waverly and was distraught when he was violated . I thought early on that I understood Claire
 I list Cold Mountain among my favorite books , so I eagerly awaited and read Frazier 's sophomore effort . It starts out with great promise , painstakingly setting the scene as a boy is sent off into the wilderness of the American West -LRB- meaning the Smokey Mountains , I believe -RRB- . He meets indians , scoundrels , and a beautiful , confident young girl . A great beginning to a novel that then goes nowhere . All of the key relationship in the book are developed in the first hundred pages and never really grow beyond that start . The descriptions of early America are wonderful and obviously well researched , but at some point the book becomes about those descriptions . The main character shows some wit and gumption early on but then seems to bop along in life , accruing positions , possessions , and accolades , but we are mostly left in the dark as to how he did it . Perhaps the biggest failure of the novel is the fact that while the main character spends most of his life as a member and even leader of an Indian tribe , he apparently becomes close with only one of the Indians . Sure , there are mentions and second-hand stories about others , but no indication he had any friends among them except the one . Two stars for description and the occasional turn of phrase , minus the other three on character development , plot , and dialogue .
 I started this book because our book group is reading it . The character is flat and self-absorbed . You get to the point that you do n't care what happens to the character because he is so dull . I do n't finish it because there was nothing of interest to keep me going ... You feel nothing for the characters ... so why read ?
 I do wish Frazier would have had some sort of plot in this novel , because , as in `` Cold Mountain , '' his skill with prose and description is outstanding . Actually , I think he would do better writing prose poems instead of novels . I read the first couple hundred pages waiting for the story , and then the rest of the boring book waiting for the end . I just wish I did n't feel obligated to finish reading books I start .
 Remember when you first picked up Cold Mountain , how the first few pages were , well , boring ? Yeah , yeah . Lying around the hospital bed , blind neighbor , looking out the window . It was only a few pages , but it made me put the book down for about 3 months and wonder what the heck everyone was so excited about . Then I picked up the book again , and at last , there was the magic . Inman was on his amazing journey . Ada was surviving , having located Ruby , and their various adventures were compelling and moving and the book flew away with me . Well , Thirteen Moons is that first part of Cold Mountain . The boring part . It never takes off , it never flies , it just stumps forward . One or two interesting passages are lost in a reptitive scenery , lesser journeys , and characters who are either cardboard or cliched . So if you loved this book , go hate me . I 'd hate you if you did n't love Cold Mountain . -LRB- Gratuitous advice
 Every negative thing you 've heard about this book is true - unfortunately . While Cold Mountain easily ranks among my Top 10 Favorite novels , this definitely ranks among my least favorite . What a disappointment . Yes , the book has it moments where the writing genius prevalent throughout Cold Mountain shines through , but those moments are few and far between . Call it the sophomore jinx , or attribute it to the fact that the $ 8 million Frazer received as advance quenched his creative fire . Call it what you want . This book just does n't add up and is a waste of your time . The story line and Native American history is fascinating , but the novel meanders and plods , and just never gains any sense of rhythm or momentum . There is little evidence of the writing chops that earned Frazier the critical acclaim he so richly deserved for Cold Mountain . A shame .
 I am a fan of Cold Mountain , but I have to say that I am disappointed with Charles Frazier 's latest novel , `` 13 Moons . '' I have tried to read this book four times , and I can not get past the second chapter . I feel the book is so empty and full of useless writings .
 One thing I believe a writer must do is get his readers emotionally involved with his characters -- whether you love them or hate them . Unfortunately , Frazier does n't do this for me in Moons . Unlike Cold Mountain , where I cared very much about what was happening to his characters , I never cared about Will or what happened to him . It 's unfortunate because I think Frazier had a lot of opportunities to build on Will 's life which did take some unusual turns . For instance , his long lost love , Claire , and their affair , could have been much more interesting if he had gone beyond Will 's never ending yearning and fleshed out this important relationship . Instead he gives us a sketchy relationship and leaves it to us to fill in the blanks . The same goes for the other relationships and incidents in his book . It turned out for me , at least , to be a lot of descriptive adjectives about the Smoky Mountains . This is okay , of course , if you are reading a tourist brochure , but you should expect much more from a novel .
 I really thought this book would be better than Cold Mountain , which I enjoyed . As I got deeper into the book , Frazier 's narrative got repetitive and unfocused . The story , while interesting at the start , kind of fell apart and got monotonous and boring . Frazier has a hard time with character development . His characters are wooden and Will keeps changing his story . Frazier could have done so much more with this book rather than dwelling on words like `` slanting sunlight '' and `` moist poplar leaves falling to the ground . It seems like he just said to hell with the story and faced an approaching deadline without doing any more research on the cherokee nation . I do n't know if I 'll be able to finish it .
 Like an earlier reviewer , I wonder what I missed that others did not . Though the author writes beautiful prose , I think his story -LRB- or the lack of one -RRB- makes for one of the most boring and uninteresting novels I have ever read . I recommend that you not waste your valuable time reading this novel .
 One really wonders just what happened here . Although the first 1/4 of this book is tolerable -- if farfetched -- the remainder is simply bizarre . It is rare for me not to finish a book but this was ridiculous ! What a waste of time . Did enjoy Cold Mountain , tho .
 I loved '' Cold Mountain '' and kept plugging away to see if the plot -LRB- ? -RRB- improved or the characters became more real . Too `` artsy '' in the long discriptives . What is sad I bought 2 copies and sent them for Christmas presents before I realized the book was not worth the effort .
 I read `` Thirteen Moons '' with high hopes after being fascinated with `` Cold Mountain . '' Though `` Thirteen Moons '' has its bright moments of beautiful and poetic reflections on time and lost loves -LRB- Frazier is certainly a wordsmith -RRB- , the plot is nonexistence , and the pacing is DOA . The novel had a promising beginning , but I quickly lost all respect for Will Cooper , the main character . Though his background as a `` bound boy '' is initially interesting , he is ultimately a crude , self-absorbed character who seems to have no purpose in life other than to get as much land for himself as he can and to find the next woman to sleep with -LRB- any woman will do -RRB- when Claire is absent.The novel seems as aimless , depressing , and soiled as Will 's life . He never seems to find what he 's looking for -LRB- what exactly IS he looking for -RRB- ? -LRB- His romantic interest in Claire is initially promising , but the relationship is ultimately immoral and pointless . -RRB- If there is a point to this novel -LRB- other than the hopelessness of life -RRB- , I missed it . One other strong minus is the steady stream of foul language and coarse subject matter that should n't be acceptable by any standards.I picked up the novel at Half-Price Books and later was glad I had paid only a buck for it . Unfortunately , that was even too much to pay . The novel is going in the trash . Because I understand the work that goes into writing a novel , Frazier deserves applause for his effort and for his portions of beautiful poetry . But the overall product is n't anything I could recommend to anyone .
 That is about how many times it took me to get this book started . Charles Frazier obviously loves the Appalachians and their history , but he should n't be the one to write about them.He tried to have folksy prose , which is appealing when written by Mark Twain and others with the talent to pull it off . Often a sentence would start off wonderfully , but end up running on and destroying all of the effects . Frazier was obviously in need of some editing , but probably loved every word too much to cut it out.Instead of letting his characters speak to each other , he wrote their thoughts directly to the reader . This made it feel like a lecture and not a story . Many of his characters thoughts actually felt like Frazier speaking to you . This helped make his characters flat . If people did not find them that way , it is probably because they have a better imagination than Frazier.There will be people who like this book and his style , but I am very sure that this book will be forgotten over time .
 This book on my iPad Kindle was a terrible read.If I had purchased it in hardcover I would have returned it.What a waste of money and I am pissed off at myself for paying the outrageous price this e-book cost me. ; -LRB-
 This book was hard to get into I forced myself to finish it . The story made no sense . The author did n't know how to deliver the story line , it just made no sense to me . I see all the good reviews the story got ... . But I did n't feel it !
 Daisy is tired of dealing with the drama of her long time boyfriend Jasper . She has given up goals and dreams to be with this two timing man . Why is it that he feels that he can stay out all night and not call ? Jasper is not being a good role model to his son Jay . When he gets home whenever he gets home he will be in for a much needed surprise . Goodbye suede shoes , goodbye silk shirts , goodbye cuff links just his luck it has started to rain . This time he will know I 'm serious . This will be the last time the sun beats him home . Who is it ? What is going on now ? I hope it is not Jasper trying to come through the door because it will be locked.Pushing Up Daisies gives us the life of Daisy . Her ups and downs , her friends and foes . Things are not going to come to those who wait on them . Daisy realizes that in order to conquer you have to be strong.Though that was the idea , for me , the book failed to deliver the speech . Instead of Daisy being strong she appeared weak and confused along with the story itself .
 I bought this book by mistake . If I would have known Jamise L. Dames wrote it I would have NEVER bought it . I HATED her first overly predictable book and this one was even worse ! It was unrealistic and all over the place . Ugh ! I will NEVER read another Dames book . Her writing is horrible !
 This book kept you waiting on the other shoe to drop ... seems like another book I read with a little twist ... I guess it was an alright ride ... it 's believable ... This is my first read byt Ms Dames ... I 'd give her another try on a slow day ...
 Do n't give this thief anymore money . I am sick of `` deluxe '' editions and his books do n't even deserve them . If he rewrote the book and changed the setting , plot , characters , and his writing style ... maybe but still most likely not . It sickens me people consider this good fiction . Original stories are n't getting the credit they deserve and instead we get more medicore fantasy books about Dragons and elves with pointy ears .
 I personally think that Eldest should be renamed and changed to Elboring.I bought this book thinking that it must be similar to harry potter WRONG !!!! It downright copies J.K Rowlings creativity of using spells and i toatally agree with the fellow reviewers about him beng an star wars fan and twisting it around and then writes a book about his briliant new totally his idea , i mean thats just unprofessional , taking other peoples ideas twisting them around and taking credit for it.i absolutly recomend this for someone that loves to read books that seems like it never ends . take it from a twelve year old .
 I was surprized at how much I hated the ending ! I woul n't give the details but it was gory and sad noting good happend for Eragon . All that happend was betral and fights ! The author should stick to one plout not go back and forth . The end was just depresing and I wanted to sream .
 It seems Mr. Paolini was just dying to SPOILER ALERT have eragon be anelf . if he wanted tohis so bad , why not just have eragon start out as one ? i found the whole ` transformation ' cheesey.also this also magicaly takes away all injuries . whee !! frequently , italso says eragons scar makes him a cripple.wth ? the authors two dimensenol story is for the dogs.dont waste your time and money .
 First , forget about his age . There are books just as bad or worse by adults , but now that that 's out of the way , it was awful.Nothing happened except for Ajihad dying and the fight with Murtagh at the end . My God ! Ok , maybe Hrothgar 's death , but I find myself loving Murtagh all the more . It was all in all worse than the first.The run-on sentences have been getting worse , but at least there were less times of Eragon fainting , being knocked out , and falling asleep than that mammoth number in book one.The plagiarism is still present , and I supose that 's all I have to say .
 I listened to the audible version of this book . While the narrator had an engaging tone , as has been previously stated by others , the book was a rip off of many others . I ca n't see why anybody would be blind enough to not see the plagiarism ! Oh well - I do n't have to let it affect me . I will not be purchasing the third book , although I probably will read the good and bad reviews so I can get a brief summary of the plot . That will probably tell me more than wandering through the banality of listening to it ever would and I will have an entire day of my life available to spend listening/doing something more worthwhile . I have nothing against the author . I hope he succeeds in developing original ideas in the future and that he does well , but so far he has not inspired my confidence .
 I believe the title says it all the `` story '' is a bunch of re-hashes of beloved series and movies and ton of other with once again very little character developement and pretty nothing happening ! I do not believe Christopher Paolini will ever be able to write original literature . But I do like against my better judgement the characters of eragon and saphira . But so many wasted pages ! I will never be able to understand why he made such big books full of nothing ! If he had at least made them smaller -LRB- this coming from a girl who loves huge book -RRB- they could have gone so much farther . I will never understand the rabid fanbases for these books but at least I could somewhat like the first one -LRB- do n't ask me why it just had a certain plageristic charm to it -RRB- . But this jut went downhill from that . Overall I would not recomend this series because 5 pages in you will know exactly how it ends .
 I only gave two stars because he must read Mercedes Lackey novels too . The first book was read as said before drawn out and I kept catching myself being drawn to other novel 's scenes . That is disruptive to the flow of the read .
 The premises of the book does not work . The author wants us to believe it is wiser to have Lawrence , the dragon , and the crew , walk across the dessert for 28 days to 30 days instead of fly it in 6 or 7 days . It states in the book that the dragon can only fly 100 miles a day ... . come on ! By his size and wing span he covers a 100 miles in less then 2 hours . Birds can fly 150 miles a day ! The estimates of the distances , time , food , water etc. do not match mathematically . The author also wants us to believe that Lawrence is going to allow this `` shady character '' to lead them across the dessert even after realizing that the orders from command are in question because they would have been written before they had left China . The logic of the story falls apart and there is no depth to the story line . The first book was great , the 2nd okay , and this 3rd is horrible . Should I try number 4 ?
 I would have given the first book 4 stars for being creative and original , with decent writing . All of that went downhill in the second book , which would have rated 1 star . This book is 2-3 for me ; ending with 2 because I had to force myself to read the last ~ 70 pages just to get to the end ... only to find it does n't really end.On the bright side , at least some things happen in this book compared to the second . And there is n't the disjointed pace . But the characters have no depth and you do n't really care about any of them -LRB- quick , name a crewman aside from Granby -RRB- , and even the leads have lost their interest by this point . The foreshadowing of the Prussian 's military outcome is so heavily done that each battle is painful to read , waiting for the shoe to drop .
 In the first two books , Novik did a wonderful job and exploring the relationship issues and prejudices existing , not only involving a smart talking dragon , but between people , cultures and countries . All of that was left behind in this attempt at war and strategy . I was bored and struggled to get through the pages at this attempt at military strategy - even with a dragon like Temeraire .
 I mostly liked the first book in the series , it was a unique setting for a Fantasy novel , and had some very likeable characters . The second book did n't have many of the characters I liked as Lawrence and Temeraire were stuck on a slow boat to China for most of the book and they left the others behind . It took a long time to get to the crux of the tale , which disappointed me somewhat , but I lived in hope it would get better . It did , but only at the last minute , and not in an especially satisfying way.And so we get to book 3 , and I have to say I did n't like this one at all . It was even slower than book 2 , they wandered through the wilderness with a bunch of additional characters I did n't care one whit about . There are so many people on the Dragon crew I ca n't keep track of any of them - they 're sometimes referred to by their last name , sometimes their first name , so I often got confused as to who each one was . This was particularly bad when one of them ended up in trouble , or dead , because I honestly did n't care about them anymore.The plot , such as it was , did n't really have any strong thread through it more than `` Let 's get back home ; why are you delaying me from getting home ; I do n't trust you , you shady character you ; I am so very very angry at anything that is not strict 17th Century protocol ; Oh , there 's a war going on too , you nasty Napoleon ! '' . Which is n't a plot so much as a series of unrelated incidents.So I found it considerably less than satisfying , and really rather a mess . I wo n't be reading any more books in this series .
 after the exuberance of the first book in this trilogy , His Majesty 's Dragon , I found the 2nd book -LRB- Throne of Jade -RRB- to be a boring series of political arguments and this 3rd book to be a boring series of weary battles . OK , the feral dragons lightened it up a bit , but it was , overall , a depressing book with no satisfying resolutions . The author is obviously more interested in keeping the franchise going than in pleasing her readers or taking care of her characters . Enough already ! If I had n't fallen in love with Temeraire enough to keep slogging on , I would never have finished this book . Buy it used !
 As Captain Laurence is about to make his slow way back to England , an urgent message is delivered to him . Ultimately , his orders change so that he must hurry to Turkey to pick up three dragon eggs that England has purchased . To make it in time , Capt. Laurence , his crew , and his dragon Temeraire must travel across the uncharted expanses of land that lie between China and Turkey.Barring some unforeseen event , this is the last book in the Temeraire series that I plan to read . In my review of book 1 -LRB- I left it out of the review for book 2 -RRB- I have described before that Captain Will Laurence is a drab and uncharismatic leading man . I was hoping to see a change in his demeanor and that has not yet happened . It still may , but there are too many other books I could read instead of waiting for him to become more interesting . And to make matters worse he seems to be really affecting Temeraire . The dragon has always been a free thinker and has bucked authority , trying to balance out how obsequious Capt. Laurence is . Through three books , now the relationship is beginning to strain and it is frustrating .
 This book reveals the most incredulous storyline I have ever read and believe me that says I lot becuase over the years I 've read thousands of books . How could a mild-mannered , ordinary accountant be transformed into a thoughlessly cruel serial killer ? How could his wife - a mother and seemingly kind and thoughtful person , time after time , condone his actions ? It is a page turner because we want to see who he is going to kill next and what bizarre actions will follow-not because it is a well-written , positively thought-provoking read.Thumbs down x 5 for this one !!!!!!
 After reading The Ruines , this second book by Scott Smith , was a total failure . It was a total disappointment .
 I 'm just writing this review to try to bring down some of the four and five star reviews . I ended up just skimming the last few chapters to see if the thoroughly repugnant main character would ever show any kind of remorse or receive any sort of punishment for his despicable behavior . My father was murdered and I find the way this author wrote this book to be reprehensible . Insinuating that becoming poor as a result of murder , or giving your child brain damage through your own negligence -- LEAVING HER IN A WADING POOL WHILE YOU GO INSIDE TO GO TO THE BATHROOM -- is some kind of punishment or hardship is DISGUSTING . I threw this book in the trash . Do not waste your money on it , even if you find it at a garage sale , and do not waste your time on it if somebody gives it to you for free . By the way I would obviously give 0 stars if amazon would let me .
 The plot is ridiculous . The characters make absurd decisions that have me screaming at the book and teeming with anger . We are supposed to believe that Hank is a `` normal , good '' person who commits evil acts out of necessity , but really there are many other more logical , non-criminal steps that could be taken . He continually chooses the immoral path . I totally hate this book and the only reason I gave it two stars is because I am still reading it . Obviously if I hate it , but continue to read it , there is something in it that wo n't let me put it down . Maybe that was Smith 's objective all along .
 Wow . I never thought I 'd say that . I love the movie so I thought for sure I 'd love the book . Wrong . It 's hard to enjoy a novel when you HATE the main character . Obviously I knew this did n't have likeable characters or a happy ending , but the book takes it too far . I will not give away the plot but I will say the book is much more violent than the movie , and the descriptions are so detailed that I cringed in some parts . I am giving this book 2 stars only because Scott Smith is an excellent writer , and the story he created here is amazing , but I believe that it is too violent , unnecessarily so . If you like books that describe death in bloody detail -LRB- both human and family pets -RRB- then this book is for you .
 WHEN IT ALL STARTS OUT GOOD ... The basic plot of this book is beautiful . Three men discover and incridible treasure out in the woods and have to decide how to respond . Small choices , beginning in the morally grey zone of simply waiting to make a dexision rather than reporting it immediately , lead to the necessity for choices of increasing moral complexity . Soon one small moral lapse leads to choices of malicious intent.AND THEN GOES FROM BAD TO WORSE ... As the characters continue their downward moral spiral , the quality of the book goes with it . One dimentional characters never become rounder and in fact become less believable as they go from reactionary to premeditated , cold-blooded murder.I 'D SEE THE MOVIE INSTEAD The basic premise of the book is convicting , as the reader is confronted with questions of what he or she would do in a similar situation , or what small choices we make in our own lives which set us on a path of destruction . It 's a shame that the message gets lost when the book goes unbelievably over the edge , and now only psychopaths can relate to it . Skip the book and just watch the movie instead !!
 A dismal gruesome tale of greed and stupidity . Although the writing style was engaging , the characters on the whole were not . The only truly sympathetic character was the dog Mary Beth .
 I read this book in just a few hours . After the first chapter I realized there was no need to read everything , so I mainly focused on the dialogue . It is an exciting plot and I enjoyed the little twists of fate which the author thought out quite well . However , I found the main characters ' methodical planning and violent actions very disturbing , if not a bit unbelievable .
 I read about 40 books a year and this is the first book in a decade that I simply put down unfinished . There are too many good books out there to waste my time reading this garbage . I am so amazed that such a great idea could be turned into such a poor end-product . The writing was surprisingly amateur-ish . This I could have tolerated if it were n't for an inane plot punctuated by the ignorant acts of supposedly `` typical '' people . I did n't buy any of it . Fortunately I had picked up a paperback copy at a used book store and therefore only threw away half my money ! Go to the book store blindfolded and buy the first novel you touch . It most assuredly will be better than `` A Simple Plan '' .
 I feel the characters in this book were so unbelievable . There was no emotion involved in any of them . Sarah instructed her husband , Hank , to kill at the drop of a hat to save their skins . Here this woman has just delivered a baby and is so caught up her greed she does n't give one thought to how her and her husband 's actions will effect their newborn daughter . Every time there was a crisis Hank and Sarah came up with a plot to kill someone within minutes and carried it through without any forethought or remorse . The only thing I got out of the book was maybe O. J. Simpson could have been the ghost writer , because he is the only other person that could possibly have such little conscience as these two main characters .
 i had to force myself to finish this book . i thought there would be something in the end to salvage the first 400 pages .
 I managed to make it about three quarters of the way through A Simple Plan before giving up in disgust . I was truly incapable of caring less about this collection of cliched , selfish small town dorks . Maybe I 'll watch the movie when its on cable , for free . I do n't intend to read anything else by this author .
 I bought this book originally because it received a great review on NPR . Boy , what were they smoking ? I ca n't remember a more unpleasant reading experience in a long time . There is no one in the book to like . The characters are simple minded and lacking in any real form of self awareness . Their behavior is inexplicable and stupid in the extreme . Given characters that one does n't care about , the plot becomes irrelevant . One does n't care what happens to them . Actually , one is only too painfully aware of what is going to happen , because these yahoos clearly ca n't think beyond the end of their noses.Very disappointing book .
 THey softened the history in the movie . I was shocked by the free violence . THe scene in which Hank kills an old woman in a store is totally unecessary , and the ridiculous destiny of his daughter -LRB- an accident which crippled her -RRB- has nothing to do with the history , as if , for having murdered seven people , a crippled child would make things even . B&aacute; !
 A friend recommended this book to me , saying he thought the basic premise was pretty interesting . I have to agree with that much . The situation these characters find themselves in is indeed an interesting one . However , the story built around it is shallow and predictable . The main characters are simply too stupid to make this a plausible story . It is far too incredible and frustrating at times , which makes this a very tedious read . If you can , avoid this book and check out the movie instead ... at least it 's over in two hours .
 I 'm only about halfway through this book . I 'll probably end up finishing it simply because so many people have raved about it . But so far I HATE it . I have absolutely NO sympathy whatsoever for any of the characters . None of them . I would never want to know any of them in real life . I do n't care what happens to them . Perhaps , in a way , this makes Smith a talented author . The characters do seem real - it 's just that they 're repulsively simple themselves . Hoping it 's going to get better but a truly good book would have grabbed me by now .
 The book started out with a great premise , but as it went along it was basically senseless murder and bloodshed . The characters did n't seem all that realistic to me because almost all of them handled cold blooded murder as if it was totally OK , as long as they got to keep the $ 4 million and did n't get caught.Yeah , it had its thrills and it was fun to read , but in the end , the characters were in the exact same position they were before they found the money . Nothing , when you think about it , happened , except for pointless murder.I personally think that this book was a waste of my time . There are a lot of better books out there that fall into this category . Read them instead .
 No . Do n't bother to read this book . See the movie instead ; it 's much better.As a published author myself , I usually tend to score books high in the `` stars '' department , just knowing what it takes to get into print . But I really struggled to give this book two stars . The reason I did n't give only one was that the story is basically good and had a lot of potential -- which the movie producer recognized.The number one problem with the book , the one that just ruined it for me , was word bloat . This book could easily be 200 pages shorter without changing the tale . Redundancy , irrelevancy , and deliberate word-count padding had me totally frustrated and fighting the urge to give up on a book for the first time in my life.There was also enormously unbelievable out-of-character actions by the characters that had me shaking my head . And the ending was simply ridiculous . The movie completely changes the story 's end -- and rightly so.Readers who place more emphasis on plot than prose may accept this book -LRB- as indicated by the large number of positive reviews -RRB- , but if you 're the kind of person who hated those kids in school who got away with writing essays double-spaced with big letters simply to fill page requirements , you wo n't like Smith 's writing . There 's plenty of books out there with both good plot and prose . I 'd say move on . -- Christopher Bonn Jonnes , author of Wake Up Dead .
 The beginning is promising . As violence increases , so does boredom . A web of uncontrollable situations that never have a climax .
 I was very disappointed in this book , in light of the excellent reviews , including one by Stephen King . The plot was illogical , but after a while became predictable . The mood is dark and claustrophobic , which would be tolerable if the plot were not so silly . The characters were initially well drawn , and the writing is strong , but these strong points can not overcome the spirallingly predictable plot .
 I admire writers who put their characters in difficult situations , ones where they are not immediately `` likeable , '' -- and applaud writers who , despite these difficult circumstances , can create empathy -LRB- not to be confused with `` sympathy '' -RRB- for those characters . Smith gets it half right . Yes , the situation is difficult , the protagonist morally bankrupt , but Smith fails miserably in his attempt to make us give a damn . Intentionally or not , this reader despised the protagonist -LRB- and pretty much everyone else involved in the `` plan '' -RRB- from the moment he commits the first murder . The very weak rationale the protagonist -LRB- and Smith -RRB- supplies in an attempt to justify his extreme actions falls utterly flat in the face of murder . When a writer loses his readers so early in a long novel , he 's got a major fight on his hands to win them back . Sadly , Smith loses .
 I liked the idea - first-person view of how an ordinary guy falls into some very dark and increasingly complex situations ... . Is n't that how they say most murders occur ? Ordinary people get caught up in something they ca n't control and ... . But by the end of the book I thought he was an idiot and I was depressed . I did n't like anybody in this book .
 I could n't stand to finish this book . I bought this book after watching the movie , and loving it , but the book took a completely different toll . The book started out great , until Hank went on a killing rampage . Sarah continued to egg him on , not seeming to care a wit about the death of Jacob . The ending was the worst yet . I thought it would be all over , Hank going home to burn the money , but he decided to claim a couple more victims . After the scene at Lou 's house , I lost all respect for Hank , which I did have watching the movie . Maybe I 'm just bitter watching the movie before reading the book .
 Did the other reviewers read the same book that my husband and I did ? NEVER have I read a book with such stupid characters , such a meandering plot , and such an idiotic ending .
 Why this book became a best seller is beyond me . This has to be the worst book I 've read in years . I plodded through hoping something interesting would happen but it just got more ridiculous and depressing . There were no twists , or anything that redeemed the initial plot idea . Hank is a weak , stupid , brutal , and boring one-dimensional character . I found myself hoping he would eventually get what was due him in some form betrayal , torture , death . . Unfortunately the end is just as boring and depressing leaving this reader throwing it in the trash .
 If you like books with a feel good ending , or a sense of justice for the bad guy , do n't waste your time with this book . The main characters in this book are corrupted by greed right after the story starts . They commit crimes that are so horrendous that there will be no doubt in your mind that they will have to pay for them , but they never do , and they are never redeemed . I read this book with a sense of dread that what appeared to be predictable actually would be . And sure enough , it was .
 I was looking forward to reading this book as the plot sounded really interesting . I managed to slog through one unredeeming chapter after another before finally finishing it . The plot was so absurd as to be laughable . The `` twist '' at the end was predictable from the very first chapters . And honestly , Hank and Sarah deserved everything they got in the end . The only sympathetic characters were the dog and the baby who , along with most every other character in the book , ended up in Hank 's orbit of destruction . I actually thought about throwing the book away after finishing it but will donate it to a cancer charity bookstore . Hopefully , they will get a dollar for it which will be the only thing that will help save this from being a complete waste of time and energy .
 i have to say this is literally the most boring book i 've ever read . the plot is very simple . the author scott smith could have easily made the book 100 pages . he made , what should have been a short book , very long . i had to force myself to read the whole book . i saw so many good reviews of the book that i thought it was going to get better later on ... boy was i wrong . he could have written that book in 25 pages probably . my god , i ca n't believe other readers rated this book so high . there are many other , waay better books out there . it deserves 1 star instead of zero only because i could finish the whole book . do yourself a favor , look past this book please ...
 I have never written a review before , but this book is so awful that I had felt I had to stop other people from wasting their time and money on it . My apologies to Scott Smith , who I am sure worked very hard to write it , but when the best thing I can find to say about a story is that it finally ended then I know a book is truly horrible . I thought the plot sounded interesting when I started reading but as the story progressed there was not one likeable or redeeming character to be found and things got more and more implausible . -LRB- How many murders can you commit and get away with ? Even the most inept police force has to have watched a few episodes of CSI somewhere along the way that should have clued them in to the crime scenes not matching the ridiculous stories these guys cooked up to cover their tracks . -RRB- I almost stopped reading numerous times but kept thinking that surely by the end something would happen to make the book worthwhile . I could not have been more wrong . When I finished reading this book I was disgusted , depressed , and sorry I ever read it . READ ANY OTHER BOOK BUT THIS !!!
 The premise of this book was very intriging to me , and the rave review from stephen king was the icing on the cake . Now i have to wonder if Mr. King even read this story at all . I hated each of the characters in this novel.I was unable to relate to or rationalize any of the choices that they made in the plot . I finished this novel merely to see how much further the author could bring this story down . Such a waste . Maybe it would have worked with another author , but there is no way that any of these characters can be considered believable . Id skip it if I were you .
 THIS BOOK WAS A WASTE OF TIME ! SICK , BORING AND PREDICTABLE . THIS WAS THE FIRST BOOK CHOSEN BY OUR NEWLY-FORMED BOOK CLUB AND ALL FIVE IN OUR CLUB FELT THE SAME WAY . INSTEAD OF HAVING A DIFFICULT TIME PUTTING THE BOOK DOWN , I HAD A DIFFICULT TIME PICKING IT UP TO FINISH IT . THE TWO , THREE , FOUR AND FIVE STAR REVIEWS AMAZE ME . .
 I know a lot of people liked this book , but it did n't work for me . The main character and his buddies run around like chickens with their heads cut off , acting as if they have committed a huge crime . The problem is , they did n't . There is no crime . I talked to several cops and a prominent defense attorney about this plot , and it makes no sense . It would make sense if someone comes after the McGuffin , early on , but no one does , not until very late in the book . So most of the story has no foundation .
 A friend of mine told me to read this book , he said it was great . Yeah , it was great . A great big downer . The body count in this book was higher than a Lethal Weapon movie ! It was so depressing and sad , I had to force myself to turn the pages and finish it ! With all the scheming , killing , backstabbbing , and lying , I kept waiting for something good to happen , but nothing ever did .
 Abysmal . The only thing more disheartening than reading this book is reading the great reviews it got . Apparently I am in the wrong , but I always thought a book with a weak plot , poor character developement and an annoying writing style deserves poor reviews . My favorite line , the narrator describing his four day old daughter
 I was a bit disappointed that it was not as thrilling as it was publicised . Though it does depict the ugly side of the human nature , the plot could pretty well be predicted . What does their daughter have to do with any consequences of the crime anyway ? I read this book hoping that something would happen at the end and things would be eventually turned around , but nothing happened . I felt that I have wasted whole time that I have spent on this book .
 At the beginning of A Simple Plan , the book kept you reading more , but after Hank , Jacob , and Lou found the money , it became stupid and too long drawn out . After Hank 's wife made him take back some of the money they found , it does not take a rocket scientist to know that he and his brother were asking for trouble . Common sense would have told a person , to never return to the scene of the crime . I was mad for wasting my time and energy in reading such a dull book .
 I am compelled to write this review so as to break with the pact . I must disagree , wholeheartedly , with the other reviewers . I forced myself to finish this book only with the hopes that it would end the way it should ... it did n't . The characters were shallow so the pages had to be filled with senseless and repeated violence . Unfortunately , the chain of events became so predicatable that the book should be renamed Simple Plot for Simple Minds . It is truly disturbing to think that someone actually thought this up , wrote it and got it published ... then it was made into a movie . With all the truly marvelous books out there , spare yourself ... go for the other book you thought might be good .
 About half way through this tale of greed and stupidity , I decided to check the reviews again to make sure I was reading the same book that got rave reviews . Apparently just the idea of free money is enough to intrique most people . Every main character was incredibly stupid , always choosing the very last course of action any normal human being would . I `` m very glad I picked up a used copy for a quarter , but I still think I overpaid . Re-reading the reviews convinced me not to bother finishing this boring nonsense , a highly unusual action for me . Save your money and your time .
 I was so looking forward to this book after reading all the positive reviews , but it was just completely implausible from beginning to end . I enjoy reading so much that I very seldom DISlike any book . That tells you what a let-down this book is . At least now I can save my money when the movie comes out . -LRB- Seems like it will make perfect `` summer blockbuster '' fare . -RRB-
 I 'm definitely in the minority here , but `` Blood and Thunder '' on CD did not live up to my expectations . The one saving grace would be the information on the great Kit Carson . That is the only reason why I would give this as much as 2 stars . In my opinion , this is a biased account that almost totally favors the Navajos and other Indian tribes . Yet again , the white man is the Devil even though most rational thinkers know that there were transgressions on both sides . The author always seems to have an excuse for the Indians cutting somebody 's head off because they -LRB- whatever tribe he 's discussing -RRB- were driven to do this.Obama and his pals would love this book , because it would be another reason to apologize for our `` behavior '' .
 Having earned my living as an American historian for thirty-seven years , I 've read a whole lot of the stuff
 Book is fine , the narrator mispronounces many words , such as Potomac , caballeros , acacia - where is the editor ?? Please fix this .
 While I find Hampton Sides to be a talented writer and found Ghost Soldiers to be an outstanding book , my own knowledge of the history of the Southwestern U.S. left me puzzled by this history . At times , I found Mr. Sides selective historical representation disturbing . My great , great , grandfather Jefferson Hunt was a captain in the Army of the West that marched through Santa Fe and on to San Diego , the longest march in U.S. military history . He was part of the 500 man `` Mormon Battalion , '' of which Mr. Sides makes no mention . Despite not mentioning those volunteers for the country , he goes to lengths to deviate from his main story line to discuss the Mountain Meadow Massacre . He further attempts to tie Brigham Young to this event without citing sources . For anyone familiar with this horrible story , it 's historical butchery ! I thought Mr. Sides was a more thorough historian.If you are going to write a history book , a person must write with good judgement and be even-handed in their analysis . If you want to mention anything negative about a group of people , in this case the Mormons , then at least paint a complete picture . Brigham Young taught the Mormons to `` feed the Indians , not shoot them . '' One of the reasons that you do n't read about Indian massacres and problems in Utah , during this time period , is that the settlers tried to co-exist with them . Yes , there were skirmishes and tensions , but not on the scale of Indian problems and wars in other areas of the west.His lack of historical balance in Blood and Thunder makes me question many other things and events contained in this book .
 Good Reader for an Audio Book , lots of info on the back story of the old west .
 Frankly , I looked this up tonight expecting to see a divided reaction to this , and am thus rather shocked at the glowing reviews from the overwhelming majority . I can only ask , what exactly does this book give us that we did n't already have ? There 's absolutely nothing new here , it 's painfully obvious that Sides did no researching of his own , but instead relied solely on other historians who did their own legwork . This is nothing but a rehash , offers no revelatory revisions to our understanding of Bosque Redondo , the U.S. Mexican War , or Mountain Meadows for that matter . Nothing is particularly wrong with it overall , aside from the annoyingly flowery writing - Sides has certainly never met an adjective he did n't like - it 's really nothing more than a glorified magazine piece.I find it rather distressing that pointless exercises such as this are garnering so much publicity and good press . It is eerily similar to another pointless work , Jon Meachem 's Pulitzer Prize Winning -LRB- !! -RRB- exercise in futility on Andrew Jackson . Both books provide nothing we did n't already know , and suffer from grandiosity of verbiage offered to disguise the lack of insight the author actually has on the topic.In short , you wo n't learn anything you did n't already know from this book if you 've read , well , ANYTHING on the era/region . We are seeing far too many of these vanity projects of late , and it 's a dangerous path for the art of history . Just because you went to Yale and took some history classes does not make you an historian Hampton ... though if you aspire to be one , you should acquaint yourself with the archives of libraries , not the history section of already published work ... I must edit this to add that I changed my mind ... Blood & Thunder is a stirring work of history . why did I change my mind ? Why the author was so taken with my review he cyberstalked me and emailed me via my work address!Now I 'm no magazine writer , just a guy with a Ph.D. in Native American history ... but i 'm guessing negative reviews kind of come with the territory ... especially negative reviews on a public forum such as Amazon . Perhaps I hit a nerve ? Or perhaps mr. Sides can regale us with tales of the journeys he took to do all that original research ? Or perhaps he prefers to just call people names rather than actually answer a critic . Seems the critical response to Ghost Soldiers went to his head ... kind of sad really ... Well , I guess I have to edit this again because Mr. Sides does n't like his rantings posted for the world to see and threatened to unleash `` lawyers , Guns , and Money '' on me for saying I did n't like his book and then telling you all when he took the time to track me down and call me names for saying so . Neat guy , eh ? I REALLY want to read his next book now . Ca n't wait.Good Lord .
 There are many great works of non-fiction that manage to combine skills of writing with compelling , true information . This is not one of them.While the information is all here , the author lacks a fundamental sense of what it is to tell a story . Although there are staccato sections that gather momentum , the author never fails to get in his own way , bogging down in a style that sounds like a bad history textbook.The subject matter is fascinating , but it 's WORK to plow through seas of tedium in order to get back to elements that flow .
 The author 's description of the California Bear revolt , especially his description of the creation of the Bear Republic flag was not the first indication that this author had let his left-wing liberal politics jade his storytelling . And , yes , this is a story book not a history book . During the first 30 pages Sides describes the Navajos as being a tribe that was not murderous but mischeiveous . Yet , by page 100 they 've gone on a rampage and slaughtered every man , woman and child . Mr Sides politics seem to flog the same old tired BS
 For a contemporary book featuring American Indians to use the hated term `` squaw '' over and over is inexcusable . American Indians hate this word and always have . It is a severely racist term that almost every modern writer with any education has refused to use , except this author . Like every other book on Kit Carson , he tries to take the life of a sociopathic killer and make it a story of virtue . He sprinkles little bits of accurate information about American Indians into a narrative absolutely cluttered with made up stories , facts and racially denigrating descriptions of the ancient cultures of American Indians . While he is long winded on the alleged virtues of Carson , he has few words to say about the many insults , homicides and abuses of tribal people which is the one true fact about this homicidal maniac 's true life . It is difficult to understand why , even today , educated Anglo writers are so determined to make a hero out of this midget without a soul . However , his many racist terms , like the incessant use of the hated word `` squaw '' proves that this work , while fitting the fantasy of Anglos who continually need to see Carson as some sort of hero , is the same racist `` whitewash '' of the true history as every other work on the subject . While there is indeed some interesting history in this book , there is an enormous amount of fiction , made up facts , as well . In combination with the racist descriptions of American Indians , this is a very unworthy account .
 There is little good one can say about this dime store quality novel disguised as an authentic accounting of the `` conquest of the American West . '' The author is far too confident in his interpretation of history , especially when one considers the fact that he relies primarily on secondary sources . It 's nothing more than a long book report with antiquated and questionable anthropological sources favored over recent scholarship in both Navajo studies and studies on the American West . I was thoroughly surprised that such shoddy scholarship could pass with high praises in the established press . He favors particularly Kluckhohn , Underhill and McNitt.Aside from his questionable sources , Sides writes as though he is compiling a screenplay rather than commenting on an important part of US history . Ultimately I think he secretly hopes this will become a film as he construes his time line to fit a standard , Hollywood dramatic arc . Meaning huge gaps of time between his hero -LRB- Kit Carson -RRB- and development in his antagonist -LRB- the Navajo -RRB- are oddly juxtaposed , at times skipping back-and-forth in time . If this is supposed to be history , it 's an odd approach -- maybe this should be considered in discourse on postmodernism , haha.The worst feature of this book , however , is his apologetics for Kit Carson , who is a cut-rate war criminal who was used to expand US domination over the continent . If a similar approach was taken toward the German expansion over Eastern Europe , the author of such a work would be immediately chastised , but in the American West notions of moral rights and wrongs are excluded from consideration . Kit Carson was an uneducated and aggressive killer used by the US to expand -LRB- illegally -RRB- territorial claims over the American West . He committed some atrocious acts that in the contemporary lexicon of international law would have branded him a war criminal -- but out of Sides ' vanity and possibly a deluded nostalgia for the John Wayne version of the American West , he portrays Mr. Carson as a reluctant conqueror . It might not be accident in fact that Sides chose the title of a cheap 19th Century adventure novel for the title of his own book .
 This order was due to me by Aug. 9th it is now the 11th . Luckily I have not been charged for this book . I ca n't seem to cancel this order .
 Suzanne Somers is at it yet again , touting something that does not have the proper data from clinical trials to back it up . What 's more , she is n't certified to do anything , and yet she , by using interviews with some doctors , takes it upon herself to make clinical recommendations to women who prefer not to use Wyeth 's class of hormone drugs , Premarin and Prempro.Most of the trials on HRT have indeed involved Premarin and Prempro , and the results have been disappointing , even alarming . Prempro failed to prevent heart attacks in women who 'd already had them and it increased the risks of heart attack , stroke , breast cancer , and dementia in healthy women . Premarin also failed to prevent heart disease in healthy women and it too increased the risks of stroke and dementia/mild cognitive impairment . Clearly , these drugs are n't the anti-aging elixirs they were once believed to be . However , many feel that HRT , as a concept , is still correct and that women need extra hormones after menopause to guarantee health and wellness into old age . So they have turned to bioidenticals . However , the very oldest observational data supporting HRT 's benefits utilized Premarin , so the current belief that bioidenticals are better does n't even have observational data to back it up.One thing needs to be made clear
 I have n't read this book yet , but when I received it , it was a new book , but the way it was cut , all the pages were slanted and I believe it must have been crooked on the cutting press because it shredded the pages and they are not only at a slant , but they are stuck together . I have no comment on the content of the book because I have n't been motivated to read it due to the condition it came in . I should have returned it , but I have n't had time . Fortunately , it looks like the content is still there , so hopefully , it is readable ! Not very happy though !
 Suzanne Somers is doing nothing more than selling her name to make money . She is not a scientist or doctor to suggest chemicals/hormones to keep young . Natural cures are thrown out of window . We have become a drug culture and hardly think about the long-term consequences/side effects.Hope people use natural cures approved by modern scientific findings to keep healthy and young as done in books such as `` Health , Happiness , and Longevity '' and `` Art of Stress-Free Living '' by Yale educated author Dr. Dhillon available on Amazon .
 I read Suzzanne 's book and I called the lady doctor she referred to in New York . She just wanted to promote all these vitamins and was hardly ever there and had me come back so many times and it was such a waste of my time and money . It was a big mistake going there . I was not impressed and paid so much money . After all that my eyebrows fell out and has not grown back since . I tried to call this doctor but was not getting a call back . I also took my mother to a male doctor in Shrewsbury , New Jersey who had my mother pay up front and then received payment again from Medicare and still has not reimbursed my mother . I do n't think Suzzanne has ever met these doctors and should not recommend them . I am so upset that I would not listen to her advice anymore . I 'm sure she made a lot of money on her book . I like Suzzane Somers and I wish her well just wish she would have a better recommendation . She lists these doctors in her book . People please be aware . I have yet to write a letter to Suzzanne to let her know this .
 It turns out that the primary `` independent '' researcher -LRB- T.S. Wiley -RRB- who is billed as an `` anthropologist focusing on evolution biology and environmental endocrinology '' with a degree from Webster University ... actually has no degree at all . I 'm also a little bothered by the picture on the cover . She does look young , but it seems to have been modified -LRB- Photoshop ? Makeup ? -RRB- because if you at a regular picture of her , she looks her age and her skin is pretty sun damaged . There may be some validity to this argument , but the deception is disturbing .
 First of all , I could not read the book in its entirity . I gave it away . It only talked about the discussions Suzanne and the doctors or so-called experts had to say . She also made a lot of assumptions . It was just a lot of interviews . There were no suggestions as to what you should take , only suggestions to go to such and such a place and mention certain things you should be taking and hoping that someone understands what you are talking about and give it to you . Many women ca n't take the hormones or follow the regiment . All in all , I found the book very disappointing . Anybody could have done what she did-research with no definite conclusion . It was all about her and what worked for her . I can say that Suzanne was very lucky . Wasted my money .
 Suzanne Somers is at it yet again , touting something that does not have the proper data from clinical trials to back it up . What 's more , she is n't certified to do anything , and yet she , by using interviews with some doctors , takes it upon herself to make clinical recommendations to women who prefer not to use Wyeth 's class of hormone drugs , Premarin and Prempro.Most of the trials on HRT have indeed involved Premarin and Prempro , and the results have been disappointing , even alarming . Prempro failed to prevent heart attacks in women who 'd already had them and it increased the risks of heart attack , stroke , breast cancer , and dementia in healthy women . Premarin also failed to prevent heart disease in healthy women and it too increased the risks of stroke and dementia/mild cognitive impairment . Clearly , these drugs are n't the anti-aging elixirs they were once believed to be . However , many feel that HRT , as a concept , is still correct and that women need extra hormones after menopause to guarantee health and wellness into old age . So they have turned to bioidenticals . However , the very oldest observational data supporting HRT 's benefits utilized Premarin , so the current belief that bioidenticals are better does n't even have observational data to back it up.One thing needs to be made clear
 I really liked Suzanne Summers . I 've read all her other books and have her tai chi exercise video . When I saw her on the Today show advertising this book I could n't wait to get it.She promotes the Schwarzbein Principle which states that being a vegetarian is unhealthy . Suzanne has an entire chapter dedicated to someone named Wendy who after 10 years of being a vegetarian was convinced to start eating meat again ! Just because Wendy 's particular diet was unhealthy , that does n't mean that all vegetarians are unhealthy . There are meat eaters that have unhealthy diets . Look at all the Hindus in India , they 're lifetime vegetarians and are healthy.I know that soy has been a controversial subject recently , but it 's the pill form of soy that is questionable , soy it it 's natural form is healthy for you . How can you say that soy is bad for you when millions of East Asians eat soy as part of their daily diet ? I 've read countless books and research that supports the benefits of soy.I eat a balanced vegetarian diet and get all the nutrients my body needs . Just because one doctor does n't believe that a vegetarian diet is healthy , does n't make it a fact . Suzanne you 've really gone too far to tell everyone to stop being a vegetarian . With that misinformation in your book , I have a hard time believing that anything else is true and fact .
 Suzanne Somers has crossed the line - from a sensible advocate of bioidentical hormones to an out-of-control MD-wannabe . Although she has interviewed numerous doctors for this book , she seems to have `` drunk the Kool-Aid '' when it comes to the crazy protocols recommended by her friend T.S. Wiley , who has zero medical credentials . Before any women buy into the Wiley Protocols outlined in this book , they should do some internet research and read about the women who have tried it and now bitterly regret it . Erika Schwartz MD was quoted in this week 's New York Times as saying this book is `` dangerous . '' She 's dead right .
 while watching suzanne somers on 20/20 last week i discovered that most of the `` professionals '' she interviewed in her book were not at all capable of giving this information to people and may cause some not to follow what their trusted physicians have prescribed for them . i will probably toss this book
 I read Suzanne Somers ' book Ageless in 2006 and could n't get my hands on biodentical hormones fast enough . I had no genetic history of breast cancer , my mammograms were completely normal that year.In March 2008 , I was diagnosed with estrogen-positive , Stage 3 breast cancer !! I lost both my breasts and went through two years of grueling therapy to battle the disease . Thank God , I am fine now , taking Tamoxifen for life , which actually BLOCKS all estrogen -- its proven to increase survival rates significantly.My doctor told me that taking biodentical hormones actually fed my malignant tumors in my breasts and made them grow faster!Had I not taken those pills I may still have my real breasts today . Please , , know there are risks to taking biodentical hormones . Do n't take them , they could save your breasts , they could save your life .
 Somers does a nice job of compiling valuable information , and she clearly states her lack of medical expertise . What bothered me was her strange preaching of a conservative agenda , which was completely out of place . She consistently bashes feminism & feminists by name , blaming this `` modern movement '' for the state of women 's health . She repeats over & over how we need to have lots of babies , breastfeed , skip birth control -LSB- no thanks , Suzanne , that was the life of my short-lived elders -RSB- . She praises the health habits of Bush , while damning Bill Clinton ; she even manages to mention Monica ! What is going on here ? Is she planning on running for office ? The vegetarian rant was also weird . Lastly , I had a hard time reconciling her preventive prehysterectomy with her claims of safety.Overall , I had a hard time taking her seriously .
 Repeating the very good advice of good food , enough sleep , exercise , control of stress , etc is fine . Most of the rest is beyond bunk . I take exception to her cover picture . I 've seen her on Larry King 's show and she does n't look at all that good . This is just one more `` we need to stay young and beautiful forever '' book . More to the point , we need to take good care of ourselves and age with good sense and dignity .
 When heard on television Ms. Somer 's vision and ideas sound very positive and encouraging for fighting the battle for a quality life . The devil is in the details as reading about the whole concept brings sharply into question the medical aspects and the availability of the entire process to the average consumer . My end take was that the medical benefits are secondary to the ability of the average consumer to actualize her program . It seems to be more of a lark for the rich and famous .
 First , I love Suzanne Sommers . I also applaud her ability to recover from cancer on her own terms . But I have serious issues with this book , which promotes the use of bioidentical hormones to `` treat '' the natural aging process that accompanies menopause.You can not put something into your body without it affecting every organ and system . The long-term effects of systemic hormones have NOT been studied . They may cause cancer , strokes or heart disease , just as synthetic hormones did . To take them willy-nilly just to look young , considering the unknown risks , seems vain and foolish.Not all of us are willing to compromise our health in the name of vanity . Readers should proceed with caution .
 I am disappointed in this book . Suzanne comes off as a medical authority on bioidentical hormones . She is not a practicing doctor , so how can she make recommendations on a conversational system of administering hormones called the Wiley protocol . The doctors on Larry King Show should have taken her to task . Suzanne has done a good job of educating women about the impact of insulin on their weight . However , she fails to discuss that at the age of 60 , she is taking human growth hormone which helps people lose weight . It is a very expensive and controversial therapy . Believe me she does n't look the way she does just by dieting . She also has had plastic surgery which she reluctantly admitted to . Women have to stopped being influenced by these hollywood types who hustle books and products to get rich . We all age and go through menopause . There is no magic bullet to weight loss . Eat less and excercise more . We will all get wrinkles and start to sag .
 I would like to read something by her other than chick-lit . It 's not her thing , and you kind of feel it.The subject was interesting , but the story predictable . And some of the characters have more substance than others.I personally did not like this venture very much , but I will definitely give Libby Street another chance .
 The only good thing in this book are some of the problems that are presented.I gave it 1 star because 0 was n't an option.His solutions are really good for him -LRB- as a union leader -RRB- but ultimatly terrible for unionized workers , companies , and the American Economy . Too many unintended consequenses to list.He uses skewed statistics , terrible logic , and superficial solutions.If you need something to burn to keep warm and you can get it for $ .01 , then buy this book . Otherwise , read something ... what 's the word ... worthwhile .
 No surprises ... Stern 's game plan for communist world domination and a new world order . Workers of the world united and all that nonsense . Another union organizer with pink soft hands and a pocket full of cash . Ca n't believe it took all those trips to the White House to shred the Constitution . Guys like this make me ashamed to be a union man . Destroying America bit by bit .
 This book states the obvious , then fits particular statistics to build an argument for Stern 's point-of-view . He does n't actually villify the other point-of-view , he just dismisses it as not worthy of the progressive mind discussing . The most frightening part is his lack of disclosure about similarly built systems of government that have failed miserably in the past . That 's right , Stern 's ideas are a prespcription for building socialist -- some may even say communist -- regimes . Trade unions at the forefront of progressive social and economic change ? Hey , Eastern Europeans , how 'd that work out for you ? Should we give it a try here ? Or maybe we should just let this book fall to its real market , commodity value , which unfortunately is very likely much less than I had to pay to read it on my Kindle .
 Andy Stern is a Huckster . Those Union members -LRB- present and future -RRB- whom he wishes to serve , wo n't read his dribble and ca n't afford it either.This is all about his cock-eyed idealism and Socialist-Progressive agenda . Mr. Stern is nothing more than a kindler gentler Mao-Tse Tung , or Hitler `` Lite '' . His politics and idealism will further divide America and push capitalism and our economy to absolute ruin . He and his philosophy is a danger to the world economy and societies at large.Scary , scary Meglo-maniac .
 First off , the title is misleading . The title contains the phrase '' ... Strategies for Personal Success ... '' but I did n't see much if any application to a person 's personal life discussed in the book . The book focusses mostly on international politics , not something you would expect from the title.Secondly , much of the discussion seems rambling and unfounded . That 's not to say there is n't insightful information . There is . But to weed it out of all the other nonsense is probably not worth your time.Finally , I have to say the repeated references to Jimmy Carter , Bill Clinton , and the United Nations all in very negative terms with very little criticism of Republican presidents sounds more partisan than objective . The author thinks the purpose of the UN is to maintain the status quo of the world when the UN was created in the 40 's ... whereas I would tend toward the opinion that the UN evolves over time and it 's major weakness is the failure of the USA to fully support the organization.The author repeatedly referred to Clinton 's construction of a war in Kosavo as a way to deflect the public eye from his personal crimes . Whereas , from my point of view , most Americans were pretty ignorant about what happened in the former Yugoslavia and were much more entertained by Whitehouse drama.The rest seemed to be about how not to give up advantages by being nice to those you defeated , how the US and Europe squanders their past victories , etc. . There may be some truth in this ... but there may also be some value in sharing the results of ones victories with allies and potential allies ...
 For him none of the US Democratic Prsidents were good ... too bad i do not agree with that
 I give the author points for some good -LRB- moralistic -RRB- ideas.As another reviewer noted , once the action moves in the fantastic world the writing becomes awkward and forced . Characters are so one-dimensional that I could not see much difference between the woodsman and the horseman-knight . Contemporary readers may enjoy this book , but I doubt it will be remembered in years to come.Check `` The Eyes of the Dragon '' by Stephen King instead . It may look similar but is a higher quality book of a different class altogether .
 It 's C.S. Lewis without the skill , the imagination , or the mythological chops . A ragbag of every tale and trope you could imagine . Wolf creatures called `` loups '' -LRB- French for wolf -RRB- . A king named Leroi -LRB- which means the king -RRB- . It reads like middle-school fan fic .
 I found the writing style wonderful , and the concept very well thought out . I did not however find the ongoing splatter and gore added anything special or extra to the story . I like Stephen King 's books and they can be gorey , but this was a bit too far for me . The images of child mutilation just about made me yak and toss the book in the trash . If I had n't wanted to finish the book for a book club meeting , I would have . Too grossly extensive violent imagry against children .
 I had to quit this book halfway through because I found it so disturbing . It is violent and it is explicit and it is gory . What finally made me say enough was when I got to the part about a woman hunter 's experiments cutting heads off of people and merging them with animal bodies . We get to watch her drag herself out of her cottage using her hands after the protagonist tricks her and cuts her in half . I could n't help but ask myself WHO IS THIS STORY FOR ? It certainly is n't for the age group of the protagonist , who is a pre-teen . Neil Gaiman writes dark stuff for this age group that I love . This is darker than dark , and without any of the magic . The few moments that were interesting or held together as a story soon went by the wayside.I must say that the main thing that alarmed me about the novel is it 's misogyny . The evil characters so far as I read , except for the Crooked man , are all women , and we are frequently given very grisly accounts of the children exacting their revenge -- for example Gretal burning the witch alive in the oven , and the protagonist cutting the hunter -LRB- who I had assumed , before she took off her hood or whatever she was wearing , was a man -RRB- in half and her hand and leaving her to be torn apart by her creations . Sure she 's got a salve to heal up the wounds , but she 's naked and she 's cut in two ! And what 's up with the nudity ? The harpies ' unattractive nudity is mentioned as is that of the hunter , who for some inexplicable reason goes to bed nude in addition to stripping down before having the protagonist cut her in half to make her into a centaur.Oh , and did I forget to mention that the wolf in little red riding hood was just minding his own business in the forest until the perverted young woman made his sleep with her , thus creating dangerous abominations that threaten the forest ? Or the Snow White who is repulsively and morbidly obese , vain and stupid whose relationship to the seven dwarves is one of petulant petty dictator?I have never read any of Connolly 's adult novels , and now I guess I never will . I can not overstate how distasteful -LRB- not to mention pointless , as far as I got in it -RRB- that I found this novel to be .
 I do n't know how this piece of CRAP could have made such fame other than because it 's riding on author 's fame -LRB- is he famous anyhow ? -RRB- , or because he has friends in new york times?Recipe for writing this book : Get the general outline from something like chronicles of Narnia or that genre.Find some fairy tales , and mutilate all the good characters in the fairy tales into rather disgusting creatures.Make sure to bring in gory , disgusting stuff that make you puke in abundant quantities.Make some references to history and riddles for the appearance of intelligence.Make disgusting sexual innuendos like women sleeping with wolves to make a half human , half wolf progeny ... I was trying to say over and over to myself that it should be good since it has good reviews ; I was trying to be patient till the end . . But no , after reading the whole story , I 'm struggling to find substance in this book . There is n't a lesson to be learned -LRB- except a vague allusion that kids grow up eventually -RRB- nor any memory to be treasured in this book . It panders to people who like to read disgusting things that make others puke . . Really , I asked myself , who is the audience that the author is trying to write this book for ; and that is the best answer I can come up with . . Therefore , I say , it 's a waste of the time and money spent procuring and reading it.But wait , if you 're a fascist trying to research innovative ways of torturing people , this book might have value for you - the author does have some imagination on that front .
 I love books with a little `` darkness '' and mystery , and I 'm even drawn to gothic novels . This book started out great , but it just got too sick for me to handle . I have never thrown away a book ... until now . When he started talking about little children being tortured and slaughtered I drew the line ... someone had to ! Not to mention the whole `` women laying with wolves '' thing ! Sick ! It is sad that he had to go too far , because it really had potential to be a great fantasy story ! I would suggest NEVER reading this book or wasting money on it at all .
 I thought this would be another version of Inkheart - but it is far , far darker . You wonder what sort of sick mind the author must have . Child molestation , child murder , dismemberment , cannibalism , bestiality - this book has them all . Reading this is like having a prolonged drug-induced nightmare . Maybe some readers enjoy that - I do n't . Definitely NOT a book to give to a kid - unless you really hate the kid .
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book . I took it out when I went sunbathing and came back with the deepest burn I 've ever had because I just had to finish the book ! It is an amazing adventure into the imagination.But it 's getting a 1 star because the paperback , something that takes up vital resources , employs more people for the production , maintenance and selling of the book , costs more than the Kindle version , something that cuts out a lot more people in the process . Most publishers these days want manuscripts and books emailed or in some digital media when it comes to the editor - it would n't take much more effort to reprogram it -LRB- something they already do for placing it on a physical media -RRB- to an e-book layout.This is ridiculous ! Amazon , the publishers , who ever is raising the prices on e-books , this needs to stop !
 This book is a rehash of what has been done many times before , and been done far better . The use of reworked fairly tales to explain growth and a child 's travels to adulthood is an old concept , and sadly this book does not do it well . There is virtualy NO character development , and there are many characters we ca n't and do n't care about . THE BOOK OF LOST THINGS should stay lost ... it is TRITE , TRIVIAL , BORING and poorly written . Even the attempts at humor -LRB- those communistic dwarfs , for example -RRB- fall flat . Try something better , and do n't waste your money on this one . I got it from our local library , and they can keep it .
 The synopsis sounded interesting so I thought I 'd give it a try . Immediately there was something about the book that put me off . I do n't know if it was the writing style or what . It seemed too simplistic , almost dumbed down . I felt like I was reading a book written by a high schooler . But I 'll read anything , so I gave it a chance . The story was somewhat decent but the execution was just too horrible to make it an enjoyable read . I did n't feel connected to the story or characters . Whenever a character died , I felt nothing . And beware
 What is a `` young adult '' anyway ? Either you 're an adult or you 're not.Oh , well -- I , like many other readers , love John Connolly . I think it must be inconvenient that there 's another writer with the same last name who is also very popular . But Michael C. ca n't hold a candle to John C. Charlie Parker is a fascinating , troubled , flawed and deeply intelligent guy . I even started listening to Ryan Adams and Pinetop Seven because of these books.But , like another talented writer , China Mieville , who left his New Corbuzon novels for the insipid Un Lun Dun -LRB- even the title is stupid -RRB- , John Connolly could n't resist writing a `` young adult '' novel . I do n't know if it 's the Harry Potter in these writers , but they need to get a clue . I found The Book of Lost Things to be a rip-off of The Lion , the Witch and Wardrobe and Harry Potter . This book is derivative and silly . Who cares ? I did n't even like the kid . What a whiner !!! 11 More Charlie Parker , Mr. Connolly . Please
 This was one of my friend 's favorite books , loaned to me to read . So I had to finish it ... otherwise I never would have . I normally have a hard time putting books down , but instead I had to push myself along . Very slow beginning , no great characters , not a particularly vivid world . Picks up a bit towards the end , but nothing grand . It was n't until the last few pages of the book , that I was thoroughly impressed , and thought , ah ... so that was the whole point of the book . A truly great ending , but wish it was more enjoyable getting there .
 Will not purchase for Kindle at this price . Paperback version cheaper than electronic version . Plan to purchase a used copy on eBay instead so Amazon will not receive ANY profit on the transaction .
 This book is horrible . It started out okay , then kept getting worse and worse and worse , and then I kept reading to see if it would get better , and it did n't . Worst book I 've ever read . An employee at Border 's recommended it to me because I liked The Thirteenth Tale . I still ca n't look at that man the same when I go in Border 's . What was he thinking ?
 Do n't even THINK about allowing a child to read this - or even a teen lost in his own `` goth '' moment . Connolly has reached far into the earth and pulled up homosexuality , erotic thoughts , murder , gore - any evil thing possible to put a poll of black around the reader and then has the nerve to charge $ 16.00 for his own perversion . It 's been said that if an irishman was a boomerang he would n't come home , he would just cry and whine and write stories about why he wanted to come home . This is what this melancholy , dark soul has done in this book . My advice to you is `` do n't read '' and my advice to Connolly is `` seek help immediately '' -- what a distasteful , loathsome tome !
 Connolly 's book is fine if you consider it merely as a precursor to what would probably make a very watchable movie . However , when I picked it up , I was expecting more -- good writing . His prose was often stiff , very predictable and trite . I almost laughed aloud when I read sentences along the lines of
 It grieves me to write this review , particularly since I recently read Connolly 's ` Nocturnes ' collection and found the work to be exceptional , even superior . In fact , my satisfaction with ` Nocturnes ' led me to purchase the hardcover edition of ` The Book of Lost Things ' without the slightest hesitation.Unfortunately , ` The Book of Lost Things ' turned out to be a serious disappointment for me . Make no mistake
 The Book of Lost Things
 I had n't gathered from the reviews that this was going to be dark and slightly twisted . Not what I was in the market for at all . And though I wo n't spoil it there was an obvious element to the ending that was missing which left me confused . Anyone else who has read it probably knows what I 'm talking about but the main point is that the story left me with a heavy feeling that took a couple weeks to shake .
 I generally liked this book , but after reading the loads of `` supplementary '' material someone decided to shove in at the end , I have to say that I lost a great deal of respect for the author and his story . It was a bit like a magician who shows you all his tricks at the end ; the magic dries up quick . But even before reading all the bad bits I think I liked Angela Carter better .
 Hated this book . Hated the way it was written , hated the characters , the predictability and the darkness of it.Twilight meets Mother Goose is about right . And I hardly ever hate any book .
 I do n't even know how I feel about this book . This book is a coming of age story centering around David , a boy who has recently lost his mother and is living with his father , step mother and new half brother . David loves to read fairy tales and lives in an attic surrounded by books . Needless to say , he has no fond feelings for Rose , his stepmother , or Georgie , his half brother , because he feels that these people have replaced his and his mother 's place in his father 's eyes . One night , after hearing the voice of his dead mother , David slips into a dark , dangerous fantasy world where he must find his way home.NOW , this sounds like a number of other stories I 've read . I 'm a big fan of retelling a classic children 's story -LRB- `` Count Cain '' , `` Godchild '' , `` Once Upon a Crime '' -RRB- . With that said , I WOULD NEVER PUT THIS IN THE HANDS OF ANY CHILD . The story is a great fantasy representation of leaving behind the dependency and unabashed emotion of childhood , but the execution is all wrong.Many of the retelling involve sexually deviant -LRB- like people & animals -RRB- aspects , torture , or other disturbing themes . If you want a book that does the same things without giving your children nightmares or destroying everything Disney worked so hard to build go buy a copy of Master of the Grove by Victor Kelleher .
 I bought this book because it was recommended summer high school reading . If you like a combination of old fairy tales , comic book hero shenanigan - type activities , and gore this might appeal to you . I ca n't believe some high school English teachers thought this was a good read . I wish I had n't spent the money . It 's awful .
 An interesting concept of a boy who is confused and sad after his mothers death . When his father remarries and produces a new sibling for him he becomes overcome with jealousy and resentment which leads him to a hidden world of gruesome fairytales.I thought the beginning chapters were really good , a very realistic insight into a child 's mind . However once we leave reality the book failed to grab me and it took me longer than normal to read purely because I was n't compelled to keep picking it up . I did n't particularly like the book but did like the concept of David having to use his wits and his memory of childhood tales to overcome some pretty gruesome dangers and adult themes . And , like all traditional stories ... it has a moral.If you like your fantasy tinged with horror then you should enjoy this .
 Despite the many glowing reviews , this book simply lost me about half way through with the meeting of Snow White and the dwarves , and seemed to be meandering without a clear purpose , plot or even remotely rational explanation for what had happend to the young protagonist . Perhaps that came down the line in this book but by the time I got to Snow White , I ceased caring . There are too many good books in the world to waste one 's time .
 I was really interested by the story from the book descripton on the back , but now thay I have read it ... it draged on quite a bit and it was too fantasy-ish . Almost like a wan na be Alice In Wonderland , but not good . I expected more from Connolly .
 I recently finished The Book of Lost Things and was extremely unimpressed by both the quality of writing and the story . Connolly seemed to be taking a shot in the dark with this one.David , the protagonist of the story stumbles around in an a fantasy world that has been done dozens upon dozens of times before and meets more characters than the book has time for , most of which make little or any impact on the main character . The whole novel was a story about David stopping at someone 's house/town/castle and then someone else 's and then someone else 's to the point where there is little point and David is taking almost no active part in the story.The biggest problem I had with the story was the way it was written . It sounded so extremely story book that it was impossible to sympathize with David , who came across as a horrible little boy to begin with . He also seemed to be written as a ten or eleven year old , not a fourteen year old which seemed to make the story even more unbelievable . It was often hard to tell who the reader was supposed to be rooting for , people are dying right and left in the story , but are we really supposed to care?The story did have some interesting qualities and I enjoyed the darkness of a lot of it , but it honestly should have been marketed to children . If Connolly had taken out one or two plot points it could have been a cautionary tale to children . It just was n't interesting enough or complex enough for an adult to enjoy .
 I love fantasy books , remade fairy tales , and alternate universe stories . Many reviewers here comment on the fact that the alternate reality has been done before , and better , and I agree . I was most put off , though , by the similarities to Stephen King themes and characters , especially the Dark Tower series . Roland the knight , David -LRB- v.Jack -RRB- the boy , the dark tower , the wolves - all these seem copied from King , although not as entertaining or compelling . I gave up half-way through - I 'd rather reread the Dark Tower -LRB- again -RRB- . Also , the intro was way too long and tedious before the alternate world was entered .
 I 'm in the minority here , but I was disappointed by `` Disobedience '' . Whilst I applaud the author for tackling a difficult subject -LRB- lesbianism within the confines of Orthodox Judaism -RRB- , I did not feel that the novel explored it well enough . The downfall of the novel was the poorly drawn main characters . I did not find the lesbian love story of Ronit and Esti believable at all . I found it hard to believe that someone like Ronit , who had escaped the suffocating confines of Hendon for the glamour life in New York , would be interested in rekindling a relationship with the childlike , inarticulate Esti . Their relationship did not ring true . Dovid , Esti 's Rabbi husband , was also poorly drawn . No reason was ever given for him agreeing to marry a woman who he knew was a lesbian . Ms Alderman writes well about a fascinating topic , but in my opinion , the book was badly let down by poor characterisation .
 ELECTION is a Christian political thriller by Jerome Teel . Mac Foster the republican presidential candidate , is in trouble . He is down in the polls and falling daily . Shep Taylor , his campain manager is desperate and enlists the help of a private investigator to try and dig up the truth about their opponent . Rumors have been swirling that current vice president and Democratic candidate Ed Burke has been receiving illegal campaign contributions . Shep hides this from Mac because he knows Mac , a strong Christian , would not approve of these tactics . Meanwhile , in Jackson , Mississippi , attorney Jake Reed is representing a man accused of killing Jesse Thompson . Thompson was a powerful banker in the city and a great friend of Ed Burke . Reed soon discovers the murder of Thompson could have national implications , and must fight to free his client , save his family , and preserve the truth that could save the country.Ed Burke has sold his soul and the hope of the presidency to a group of three evil men called the Federalists . The Federalists plan to control the world once Burke wins the White House . Their method for doing this seems a little far-fetched , but the evil they use to achieve their goals is real . Teel sprinkles the novels with strong Christian characters and the primary message of salvation through Christ is simple yet effective . Teel also touches on the message of that when bad things happen , God is still in control . This is a hard subject to cover , especially briefly in a political thriller , and thankfully Teel does n't make any definitive theological statements on this issue.That 's the plot in a nutshell . I 've read a lot of novels like this , but this is my first in the Christian genre . The novel is wide in scope yet intimate enough where we really get to know about and care for characters . The plot is deep and complex , yet Teel walks the reader through the plot , spelling out every little detail . This approach by the author removes much of the suspense that is normally associated with a novel like this.Teel is a first time novelist I believe , so hopefully he will improve over time . Throughout much of the novel , Teel seems to talk down to the reader , or write sections that seem amazingly obvious . For example , Mac Foster is returning home after a day of campaigning and Teel says
 The Election is not unlike other conspiracy novels involving U.S. politics , and the story line is interesting enough that I wanted to finish the book in spite of major flaws in the writing
 I read this book with increasing interest wondering how it would all come out . By the end , I was dissappointed and felt such a topic would have been better served had three women `` strong '' in their separate faiths rather than middle-of-the road had written of their experience . I say they were not strong in their faiths for one , because the Muslim and Jewish women did not even attend their respective temples/synagogues except infrequently and admitted they were not the norm for their faiths . The Christian was not knowledgable enough , in my estimation , in Christian doctrine . I would love to see this book done with a strong Muslim , strong Jew , and a strong Christian rooted in the scriptures .
 the book is an Oprah Winfrey saga . From what I have read so far it is not historically accurate . Pretty much three women discussing their thoughts about their religious beliefs .
 I was excited to read this book and learn about these three different religions , but all three of the women had such nominal faith that there was nothing to learn . Actually , they really did n't have any faith at all . All three chose to pick the parts of their religion that they liked and threw away what they did n't ; thus creating their own `` type '' of Christianity , Judaism , and Muslim faith , and presenting inaccurate portrayals of them all . In fact , it was more about their cultures than their faith , but even that was something they were n't sure of . They never really were convicted by anything . Sure , they found a comfortable way to deal with their faiths but no true devotion to the god of their faiths . Very disappointing and misleading.A better title would have been the subtitle itself , Three Women Search for Understanding .
 This book could not hold my attention . I found the authors to be knowledgeable yet tedious in their problems and I could just not relate to their lives and personal problems . I read about 100 pages and then put the book down . I was reading it for a discussion group and just could not go back to finishing it .
 I was so disgusted that I could not finish the book and physically cringed fearing a reader would see these 3 women as the voices of their individual religions , when in fact they are 3 `` average joe '' authors who have a watered down understanding of their individual religions and , yet , come together to learn about , appreciate , and find the historical connections to the others ' religions without even realizing how ignorant they are about their own -LRB- 2/3 are non practicing -RRB- . Great premise for a book , but would have been better if written by a theologians , or at the very least , 3 women who actually practiced their religions .
 This book was written by three well intended women of different faiths ; however , each of the women was not only ignorant of the other 's religions but of their own , too . They write mostly about their own feelings and perspectives . Unfortunately , their perspectives are very limited . All three are totally uneducated in the field of religion . They modify their viewpoints and religion to fit the needs of this book . I bought the book because of the rave reviews and I am shocked that so many people fell for this nonsense . You will learn nothing factual about any of the religions in this book . It is only pure dribble .
 I like to learn everything I can about different religions but I became very bogged down in reading this book . I found the suggestions at the end of the book for starting your own &#34; faith club &#34; actually more interesting than the story .
 The Faith Club by Ranya Idliby , Suzanne Oliver and Priscilla Warner is the result of Ranya 's desire spawned by the attacks of September 11 , 2001 for a Jew , Christian and Muslim to write a picture book for children demonstrating the connections between the faiths . The three women soon realized that their differences had to be addressed before they could discuss what unified them . The Faith Club is an invitation to witness their journey . Meeting on a regular basis they recorded their discussions during which time they shared feelings and posed questions regarding politics , war , Jesus , rituals , prayer , and the afterlife . They expressed stereotypes , fears and their own understanding of religion , faith and God . The authors also conferred with their particular imam , priest and rabbi about questions and concerns raised in their meetings . Eventually the initial feelings of exclusion and doubt gave way to feelings of unity and confidence within their own faith tradition as they understood it.Within the chapters each author was allotted space to articulate her thoughts on the topic at hand with the occasional dialogue between them intermingled in the text . This structure enables the reader to focus on one author at a time and aides in referencing . Preceded by a bibliography , appendices contain questions for the authors , tips on how to start your own faith club and brief summaries of the three faiths.Readers will be caught off guard by the admitted lack of knowledge and involvement each woman had in their own faith . Ranya did not belong to a Mosque , never read the Quran until well into their meetings , nor did she practice any of the Islamic rituals . Suzanne who left the Catholic Church for the `` relative liberalism of the Episcopal church '' -LRB- p. 7 -RRB- freely admitted she did not `` have much of a theological understanding of Christianity '' -LRB- p. 21 -RRB- . Priscilla , a Reformed Jew , was not familiar with her religious texts , did not know why Jews were called the Chosen People , put her faith on the back-burner as a teen , `` lost her spirituality and was n't sure if she believed in God '' -LRB- p. 27 -RRB- . Furthermore , each woman acknowledged that other people called their religiosity into question due to their nonchalant approach to core beliefs . While the level of self-admitted ignorance certainly does not disqualify someone from learning about other faiths it unquestionably disqualifies someone from instructing others . Given their self-professed navet&eacute; , the fact that these women would attempt to write a children 's book demonstrating parallels between their faiths clearly indicates that they approached the project with strong preconceived notions.Motivated by simplistic personal beliefs based on emotion , the authors audaciously redefined their own religion in order to make it more palatable to themselves and one another . Those who hold to more traditional interpretations are dismissed . Ironically , in doing so the women became the very people they took issue with -- people who interpret the texts in a way to accommodate their own beliefs or desires . No legitimate analysis was conducted to identify and interpret the differences the authors claimed they yearned to understand , making their efforts appear disingenuous . Ranya cited a handful of verses from the Quran to support her views , but cites no texts that challenge her conclusions . For example , in order to illustrate how Islam accepts the People of the Book she quotes Surah 2:62 -- Those who believe -LRB- in the Quran -RRB- , and those who follow the Jewish -LRB- scriptures -RRB- , and the Christians and the Sabians , - any who believe in Allah and the Last Day , and work righteousness , shall have their reward with their Lord ; on them shall be no fear , nor shall they grieve -LRB- p. 91 -RRB- . However , she fails to mention an opposing verse -- Those who reject -LRB- Islam -RRB- , among the People of the Book and among the Polytheists , will be in Hell-Fire , to dwell therein . They are the worst of creatures -LRB- Surah 98.6 -RRB- . Suzanne acknowledges Jesus said `` No one comes to the Father except through me '' -LRB- John 14:6 -RRB- , but follows it with a rather perplexing statement -- `` He could n't be saying that the only way to avoid hell is to be a Christian because the Church was not established at this time '' -LRB- p. 260 -RRB- . In choosing to focus on the commonalities the authors neglected to explore the particulars in detail and confused similarity with identical , thereby depriving Judaism , Christianity and Islam of their distinctiveness . The women reached a consensus that each faith teaches a person should love God and submit to His will . These are purely abstract concepts , but because the authors reduced the faiths to a universality they did not recognize that loving God and submitting to His will requires different actions and behaviors for each religion.Well into their meetings Suzanne recognized that she longer knew where to find truth since she believed all religions were equal . Finally it appeared as though a more critical study was about to unfold . To the reader 's dismay what Suzanne gave with one hand , she took away with the other as her questions concerning truth were lost or forgotten as she described a dream she recently had that convinced her of an afterlife.If readers expect The Faith Club to communicate the growth the authors experienced concerning the differences between their faiths resulting from intellectual thoroughness conducted over several years of study , they will be greatly disappointed . The Faith Club was written by unqualified authors who deliver an emotionally driven redefinition of each faith at the expense of honest analysis .
 I ca n't see how you can interpret the New Testament other than as saying that a person is only saved through trusting Jesus ' cruxification and resurrection for the redemption of their sins and not through good works . Why else would God-the-son have condescended to leave the worship of the angels in heaven and die an agonizing death on the cross ? That alone distinguishes Christianity from other faiths where people work their way into heaven instead of arriving there on God 's grace . To say otherwise is at best superficial and at worst dishonest and massaging the New Testament to mean what you want it to . I would like to think that the New Testament says that all good people go to heaven , but it does not.The purported Christian here appears to be a Unitarian/Universalist to me . But then I think lots of so-called Christians are . They believe that Christianity means you are a good person , or that it is a good thing and want to be one , or like the people who worship in a particular church.Instead they should honestly study what the New Testament does mean and refer to themselves in accordance with what their beliefs really are . They should attend a house of worship that supports their beliefs are stop trying to make the Christian church something it is not , Unitarian/Universalist . Additionally I do n't understand the point of reading a book about three women who are ignorant of their faiths .
 The book was fine but it took so long to receive the book . Way too long .
 A collection of stories set in post-Communist Prague , I thought I 'd love the grittiness that must resonate in Hamburger 's text . But I quickly grew tired of his lonely characters , each with their sad obsession with sex . Instead of careful observations on love 's role in one 's identity , his characters ' relationships are lust-centered and stray from any further understanding of their personal development.Perhaps it was good erotica if I had n't been so bored . But that statement in and of itself could lead to a typical Hamburger story . Only his takes longer to tell .
 The characters lack depth . Should have had less stories and focused on developing characters more -LRB- like Berlin Stories -RRB- .
 Do not rent this book ! It will not include page numbers or images , and therefore is virtually worthless . The text is wonderful , but it is of no help to me as a student trying to write an art history paper if I ca n't create citations or imagery -LRB- which is not referenced in the text itself so I ca n't simply google the images -RRB- . So much for trying to save money by renting it ; maybe if you buy it everything will be there but I do n't have $ 30 to splurge , especially since I just wasted $ 11 .
 Just another book to perpetuate the myth that humans are somehow more important than animals . Good book if you 're ignorant .
 Another very poor attempt at specieist literature . Shame on Routledge . If you want a good and honest read , try Peter Singer 's ` Animal Liberation ' .
 Facsism and self-interested lordship over sentient creatures is all this -LSB- author -RSB- is intersted in .
 I can not believe anyone can support murder like Leaky does !
 I rate this book as two stars rather than one because the author has at least made an effort at producing a philosophical justification for his pro-exploitative position , however incoherently this is argued.The author considers that it is the presence of language that give humans sufficient self awareness to have moral rights , and that all animals lack this awareness . The authors arguments are however incoherent , rambling and very hard to understand even for a reader such as myself with some understanding of philosophy.The author displays woeful ignorance not only of recent studies into the philosophy of mind , but in modern linguistics - surprising for somebody whose arguments stand or fall on linguistic premises . The presence of language-less human adults -LRB- as recounted by Steven Pinker in `` the language instinct '' -RRB- counters Leahey 's arguments . Such humans presumably can be expoited at will according to Leahey 's logic . Yet once these people had been taught language , all had a great deal to say about their experiences as languageless humans , and all showed that they had a high level of self awareness.His arguments are not only rambling and incoherent , but often contradict themselves . When arguing for the continuation of fox hunting for example , the author uses the argument both that foxes are vermin that should be wiped out , and that hunting helps in the conservation of foxes ! He is obviously confused.If you want a book that will provide a well reasoned argument to continue with exploitative practices regarding animals , then I suggest you look elsewhere . In my opinion the philosophical case for animal liberation has been won . The best arguments against liberation come from Michael Fox and Roger Frey . And it should be noted that even these arguments failed to convince their authors as they later came over to the animal liberation side .
 The arguments in this books are so illogical and unscholarly as to be laughable.This book is best considered as a -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- satirical look at the position of those that put people first and practice speciesism by using animals for food , experimentation , etc. . Michael Leahy is probably the kind of person that 150 years ago would have written a book defending the institution of slavery and opposing suffrage for women -- both pretty morally indefensible positions .
 Mr. Leahy is totally uneducated as to the philosophy behind those who work for the advocacy of animals . I 'd recommend those interested in this subject to begin with Peter Singer 's ` Animal Liberation ' . Mr. Leahy 's book solidifies my opinion that the animal research community is based on greed , greed , greed .
 Incoherent ramblings . I did n't learn anything other than those whose lives depend on animal slavery will do anything to protect their vested interests .
 Oh , ok , now I get it ! It 's ok to torture and murder animals because we 're the masters of universe , and we are so important that we should n't even try to change things ! Seriously ...
 This drab piece of literature is no more than a collection of contorted opinions that shows the true ignorance of our society regarding animal rights & welfare .
 I can only find one point for this book and that is so the ignorant people have someone to relate to . No where in the author 's incoherent ramblings did I find anything that even resembled a reasonable excuse for the mindless animal torturing to continue . This book , in my opinion is poorly reasearched and little is explained . I think it was a waste of time and money .
 The worst book ever ! Do n't waste your time or money reading this poorly researched and poorly written piece of -LRB- you know -RRB- . Main points that to the non-reader should be obviously discussed in detail are not even written about at all . Does n't explain why we should continue to murder and torture animals , does n't explain how the human race will still be here in 50-100 years because of the enviornmental effects of eating meat , etc. . Bottom line THERE WAS NO ONE TO ARGUE HER POINTS ! IF THERE WERE , SHE WOULD HAVE NOTHING ELSE TO SAY .
 `` Reviewer
 The purpose of this book is to use semantic tricks in order to attempt to justify needless institutionalized violence against non-human animals .
 I ca n't imagine anyone wanting to write a book about this man.He was nothing but a vulgar , lazy , lying alcoholic.Half of the things that he says are nothing but B.S.For instance , Chicago police officers murdering suspected gangsters @ black men for 200 $ a pop.I could go on @ on but you should get the idea.Save your money.As for me , I am going to line my cats litter box with my copy .
 Danny McGoorty was a gifted pool and billiards player . He was also a lazy , drunk petty thief . He spent his life trying his best to avoid honest work . He took as much as he could get from everyone that crossed his path without ever giving anything back . He died bitter and broke.There , now you do n't need to read the book .
 Walter Mosley is a patient man - he builds his plot slowly , as slowly as his protagonist gets to find bits and pieces of information pertaining to his quest . In the process , the reader gets glimpses of the life of blacks in the 50s as an uninvolved bypasser would - no passion but plenty of color , detail and objectivity.Unfortunately the plot never quite thickens enough . There are no real good or bad guys here and blame is shared broadly enough to make it a real - if somewhat uninteresting - story.Pleasant reading but definitely not grasping or exciting .
 ... Mosley decides to write more about aethetics than about he actual mystery ... I felt that the book was very very slow and very particular to details about items that looking back are all too unimportant . The Lt , the plain clothes cops etc , the phoen calls from no where . Boring and drawn out ... No excitement in this sleuths life ...
 This may be the book that set the standard for Irish history , but it 's amazingly annoying to read ; it 's meandering , nonspecific , vague , and assumes that the reader already knows Irish history , and just wants a memory jog.It is filled with far more value judgements than actual data , and the prose is remarkably opaque . Here 's an example : St. Patrick , 390-461In the spiritual history of Ireland the first great name is that of St. Patrick , ` the Apostle of Ireland ' . He gave to this pagan island the priceless gift of the Christian faith and the moral order of the Christian Church . He opened it up to Latin civilization and the culture of Rome , which , though the Empire died , survived in the Church . He turned a land that had no written literature into a land where scholars and poets cultivated both the Latin , or learned speech , and the Gaelic , the dearly loved native speech . He turned the Irish from a race of cruel conquerors , whose galleys were dreaded on all the coasts of Britian and Gaul , into a race whose enthusiasm was for missionary labour , Latin learning , and the contemplative life . To the fifth century no name sounded more barbarous and brutal than that of the plundering Scots , but to later centuries no names were sweeter or nobler than that of Columba , Aidan , and Adamnan , or more famous in learning or religion than John Scotus or Columbanus.The Ireland to which Patrick was to give a new direction , though barbarous and isolated , had a remarkable culture and unity of her own . -LSB- ... -RSB- Nifty - we are told how awesome Padrach was , and what his works had as a final result , with remarkable scant detail of what he actually did . How was it that he introduced Christianity to a settled land with a strong pagan tradition ? I do n't know , and this book wo n't say - but I 'll hear for the next several pages how WONDERFUL it was.I do n't really expect a wealth of detail from a history that spans well over 1,000 years in just over 400 pages , but I do expect more than hints and praise/condemnation for the historical figures being reported on . I wanted a history , but this is a fanboy review .
 This book does not help me with the specific data I was looking for , ie
 For travel , a kindle is good , but I wo n't recommend it to others until it has some design flaws ironed out.One
 Everything about this product sounds so cool ! I purchased two as gifts for Christmas . However , the fact that you ca n't connect to the Kindle Store from Alaska is not openly apparent on the Amazon website . I had to search the website and find this fact myself after receiving the Kindles and trying to , unsuccessfully , download my son 's favorite books . I was able to return both Kindles for a full refund .
 I love the Kindle . I have two of them . So why one star ? Because Amazon bought Mobipocket , used Mobipocket 's software in the Kindle , and then made it impossible to use Mobipocket.com books in the Kindle . You can use the free books from Mobipocket or even create your own using the Mobipocket software , but if you have a huge Mobipocket library from earlier purchases like I do , you 're screwed . Even buying new Mobipocket books is pointless - they 're still blocked from Kindle . I wo n't go into the particulars but you can look all this up yourself on Google . It has to do with a code mobi files use in their DRM portion . Come on , Amazon ! If you really want to sell me books then let me buy them on YOUR mobipocket.com site as well as amazon.com !
 The idea of the kindle is really cool , but the exicution needs a little work . If you down load the books on your computer and add them to the kindle it works well , but the SPRINT wireless network , not so much . . I tried for a week to connect and had no results , and the kindle froze at least once everytime and needed re-setting . I was still unable to download any books wirelessly . The screen is easy on the eyes and the controle are easy to understand and use . If you like to read and do n't want a ton of books cluttering up your house , go for it but beware that you may not get any wireless service where you are at any time and you will need a computer handy to get new books ...
 I purchased this Kindle on a whim , a $ 300 whim . If you want to turn the Kindle `` ON or OFF '' , you have to take the `` book '' out of it 's leather cover to turn it on , then put it back in the leather cover . You have to `` hold '' the Kindle a certain way as not to turn the pages of the book . I really wish I would have put more thought into this purchase , before I shelled out a precious $ 300 . One note
 My Kindle was given to me as a surprise gift just over a year ago . At the time I already had a stack of books at home that I was working my way through , so I did n't need to purchase anything on my Kindle yet . So , for the last 12 months it has set in its case , untouched . A few weeks ago I completed my stack of books and was ready and excited to begin using my new Kindle . I took it out of its case and purchased my first book . A few weeks later I pulled my Kindle out of its case , which has been on my nightstand since I got it , only to find lines all over the screen . When I called customer service to try and fix the problem , I have to admit I was more than disappointed . The customer service rep said he could n't do anything because my Kindle was one month past its warranty !! ONLY ONE MONTH !!! The only solution offered was to purchase another for $ 65 . For a product that has litteraly been in its case and on my nightstand for the past year , I would expect it to still work . Why would I want to spend $ 65 to replace a product that BREAKS SO EASILY ?!
 I purchased a Kindle -LRB- 189.00 -RRB- for my son for Christmas , 4 months later , it had the little lines on the screen . Mind you , he only would read a book on it about once a month , so it wasnt `` over-used '' . He is also maticulous about leaving it in the box when not in use so it would not get damages , and yes , i bought a case for it also as additional protection . Kindle replaced it , its now 1 year and l month later , new one doing the SAME THING . Called Amazon , sinceits `` out of warranty '' by one month , they wont replace it . . but DID offer me to buy a new one for 89.00 with only 90 days warranty . This is junk !! I will never buy a kindle again , what a waste of money . With all the kindles sold by amazon you would think they would send a new one out of courtesy , since I paid to `` upgrade it '' to the 3G . Obviously , this is an on going problem with this product , and they wont stand behind it ... . so sad kindle , hope you lose more sales than the little amount it would have cost to replace another piece of junk !
 Turned on Kindle , after several days of use . Screen on product is now covered with concentric squares , over more than 90 % of screen ! Tried resetting , changing battery , downloading software update from Amazon site . Nothing Helps .
 We are now in the process of getting another replacement to the replacement Kindle we just received around 2 months ago . In all fairness , Amazon did send me a `` free '' Kindle as a replacement although I had to hold some money initially until the replacement was ahipped . This did n't make sense but whatever . It appears that the Kindles go into a freeze state and anything you do with it is fruitless . On my first replacement , it would not get to any of the book screens but would come up with a pop up in basic gobbledigook ... could not discern what it was asking you to do . The one I am having replaced now will not turn off or do anything . This happened after downloading a couple of books and charging the Kindle . Seemed pretty simple things to ask of the device . I sure hope the Kindle Fire is much better than this . I am very disappointed with the regular Kindle and would not recommend it .
 Unlike most Kindle owners , I suspect , the Kindle was not my first eBook Reader . I purchased a Sony PRS-505 last year when I saw it on display in Borders . I instantly fell in love with the Sony reader , but was anxious to experience Amazon 's offering for several reasons :1 -RRB- My limited `` spot research '' and Amazon 's buying power suggested to me that Amazon will have a much better eBook catalog than Sony over time .2 -RRB- Amazon 's prices seem to be a little better than Sony 's .3 -RRB- Bookselling is not a core competency of Sony .4 -RRB- The wireless capabilities of the Kindle , the subscription model , and the differing media types -LRB- newspapers , magazines , blogs , audio books , etc. -RRB- offered out of the gate by Amazon far outstrip Sony 's content offering .5 -RRB- Integration with Amazon 's store and , more importantly , its customer community -LRB- recommendations , reviews , support tips , etc. -RRB- offer a much richer experience . Just imagine joining a book club on your Kindle ! I 'm sure it will happen soon.So why only 2 stars ? The industrial design on the Kindle is flat out terrible . When you have n't had another unit in your hands to compare it with , I can imagine that this is more easily overlooked . But I just could n't get over some of the following :1 -RRB- The incredibly poor placement of the paging buttons2 -RRB- The power and wireless buttons on the back of the unit where they ca n't be reached when the unit is in the case3 -RRB- The unbelievably poor case design that does n't even hold the unit and increases the overall thickness dramatically - the PRS-505 is about half the depth in its case that the Kindle is .4 -RRB- The funky scroll wheel , and its overuse . A single button click on the Sony PRS-505 will cycle through the font sizes . A button click , scroll , scroll-click is required on the Kindle , along with the distraction of a popup menu . Why did they do this?If you must have wireless delivery of content , and the additional media types , then the Kindle is the way to go . But if you are like me , and do n't mind syncing via USB , and find Sony 's content library good enough for now , then I would strongly urge you to try out the PRS-505 -LRB- if you can get your hands on one . Mine 's not for sale ! -RRB- . I accept that I wo n't be able to move my content from Sony to Kindle , but that wo n't stop me from buying Kindle 2.0 , assuming Amazon hires a new industrial design team and makes a more usable device that is worthy of the outstanding service they have built around it .
 After getting the Kindle , it was easy to like . Very fun and easy to use and super easy to order new content while saving money on hardbacks . However , it does n't take long to realize that there are some significant shortcomings . First , you ca n't go to page . When you browse the book , you are looking through `` locations '' . If there is a reference to `` page 29 '' , good luck finding it . Since the viewing space does not equal a page , you wind up paging through the book more than you might like.Paging is slow , and there 's no way to turn 10-20 pages at a time for exampe . So you either jump to location which lands you who knows where , or simply take the tame to press the next page button 20 times.My latest dissapointment was after downloading a diet book . There are many tables and surveys in the book that are simply unreadable . Increasing the fonts does n't help as they seem to be in the book as pictures rather than text , meaning text operations do n't work on them.Clipping these pages to the clippings file which is supposed to make it useable on a PC did n't work.There 's no way to print pages from your kindle aside from makeing a `` clip '' , transferring the clip.txt file to your computer and working from there . Very clumsy for trying to extract useful sections , references , or passages.The clipping feature needs work as well as you can only add to the clips the `` page '' you are viewing . The clips are added cumulatively to a single file , which again adds to awkard handling since you can not add anything other than `` page '' you are viewing - and as mentioned if a report or table is captured as a image instead of text , it 's very small , and can not be printed.Overall , the Kindle UI is very intuitive , and if you only need to read books that have no graphs , charts , reports or other imporant references that get reduced to tinyprint -LRB- as they are converted to image for the kindle file format and are not actual text -RRB- when displayed , and do n't need to print or extract information from them , it 's a good device - otherwise , you 're in for a disappoint .
 Kindle
 I have had my Kindle just two days . I am very upset because it is pretty much useless to me because I have no signal to download wirelessly . I guess I should have checked a little further into it before I shelled out the high price of $ 350.00 . From what I can see if you do n't get good Sprint cell coverage in your area this system is useless to you . I have an AT&T and an AllTell cell tower within sight of my house but can not get even one bar of connectibility . You can go online and minipulate the system for downloads but that kind of takes away from the whole purpose of wireless download .
 No proper printed manualWhen you hold it within a palm the thumb hits the page turn button!Inadequate keyboard etc etc
 I could not wait to get my Kindle . I researched the site checked it out thouroughly . What it does n't say anywhere is if you are an international customer , the WIRELESS feature will not work ! It only works in the States . What it does not say , is that they will use your credit card to accept payment of the $ 399.00 Kindle but unless you have a United States billing address you will not be able to buy a $ 3.99 book for the Kindle . -LRB- I still can not find the ` geographical restrictions ' in the terms of use -RRB- What it does not say or hint at would be all the extra expenses you will incur like return shipping and payment for the telephone calls to their support site etc. . This is an INTERNATIONAL lemon and somewhere on their site Amazon should post a WARNING !!!!!!
 No , I do n't own one , but I 've read all the reviews so far , and I 've done a lot of research on the other e-readers out there , so here 's my 2 cents . This is a poor first effort , but the Kindle has a lot of promise . My suggestions :1 . A 170 dots/inch e-ink screen is NOT just like reading regular ink on paper . It 's like reading a wet newspaper . You need about 300 dpi for truly crisp text , and the contrast needs to be better -LRB- i.e. the background should be white , not gray -RRB- .2 . Find a better place the for `` Next Page '' and `` Prev Page '' buttons .3 . Ditch the keyboard and replace it with a touch-screen , like the Iliad . That gives you more screen space , and it lets you mark up your documents , just like a real book .4 . Whispernet is nice , but it 's overkill for most people . A model that does everything by WiFi would suit most people , and it would save amazon money , too , since they 're paying for the network costs .5 . All content needs to be viewable on a computer -LRB- PC or Mac -RRB- as well as the Kindle . If you 're reading a book for school , and you 're taking notes on it , you 're going to want the book -LRB- along with your notes -RRB- available on your computer when it comes time to write your term paper .6 . No one likes DRM , but we understand that publishers demand it . Still , any non-copyrighted content should be DRM-free .7 . Along those lines , you should offer a deal for classic books like the one for the Sony Reader . Sony lets you download 100 free classic books when you buy the Reader . Amazon should be able to match a promotion like that . -LRB- It 's okay to tell people they ca n't use Whispernet for free downloads . -RRB- 8 . You should add appointment book and day planner applications . Kindle fanatics keep dismissing suggestions like this by saying it 's an e-book , not a PDA . But keep in mind that the PDA was invented to replace things like appointment books and day planners .9 . The absolute best idea that amazon is offering with this product is that users can upload -LRB- and sell -RRB- their own content . This has n't gotten much press , for the obvious reason that amazon does n't have a critical mass of users yet . But I do n't think it 'll be long until this feature alone makes a Kindle worth owning .
 great idea but it 's just too expensive and no pdf support . Instead you have to convert the files to pdf . Wifi capability would be great in addition to the sprint service .
 ok . . just a couple things . . do n't you think there is a reason practically every single computer and electronics device comes silver or black . . plain white went out with the pcs of the 90 's . . it signifies cheap , low tech and barebones . this thing would look great next to my giant 1980 's motorola flip phone with the giant battery . . you know the one . . so designers . . remember the public has already shown they want sleek . . easy to handle devices , that do n't look like a miniture 1990 's pc 's or calculators . especially when being soaked for 400 bucks . but oh . . the buttons are slanted so thats cool . . lolSecond . . Im reading people saying the internet access is a great deal . . ok . . its internet access to thier store and wackypedia only . . -LRB- if your a wackypedia editor thats pretty cool though . . no more long nights sitting at home having editor wars and no friends . . well . . amazon prob covered that . . there is likely no editing wackypedia from the device -RRB- . so they give you the privledge of having them picking up the tab to go to thier store and blending it into the price of thier device and titles . . thank you amazon . . we are so gratefull ... Price . . at $ 399 my first thought is . . are you serious ... this should be no more than 99 bucks . or I could see it coming as a free with bookclub membership system or something . . you do know the library in pretty much just about everyones city has just about every book for free do n't you . . and if you return them they are not much clutter either . . why would I pay $ 399 for the pleasure of buying exclusivly through you for ? an IPHONE this is not . especially when other readers look so much more modern.suggestions . . 1 -RRB- fire the design team 2 -RRB- redesign this so its MODERN looking . 3 -RRB- drop the price . . alot . . if you absolutly need to , in order to drop the price significantly , then get rid of the wireless ... make it wi fi or USB . . If a person ca n't figure out how to use a USB and download books before they go on a trip ... well . . they are probably the same people who will want nothing to do with giving up there modern paperbacks and modern rotary dial telephones . . think amazon think . .
 Do n't get me wrong , I love Amazon , but why am I paying 400 dollars for a proprietary DRMed device to read books with ? Can I back up the books to my laptop or onto a CDR ? Can I also read them on my laptop ? What will happen to my books when the device dies ? How can this possibly be better then an actual hard copy of the book ? All these digital devices have a lifespan . Will Amazon make a commitment to support the device in the long term , even if it 's a flop ? Finally , why in the world am I paying for internet content that is available for free ? I will be very surprised if this device is a long term success beyond the short term novelty phase .
 I loved my Kindle or did until the battery died and I have been unable to use it since BEFORE November 7 , 2008 . I ordered two batteries on that date and there is still no shipment projection on the product . Why do I want a Kindle if it is going to sit idle for months ? I loved reading on it ; my husband , who is visually impaired , could read on it ; and I could order any book and receive it instantly . I am terribly disappointed and wish I had my money back . It 's a fabulous idea , but Amazon 's provider of the product and battery packs to keep it working are less than adequate .
 The battery life is horrible . I 've had my Kindle for 3.5 months , and the battery is already dead -LRB- yes , I tried recharging it -RRB- . Unfortunately , replacement batteries are currently out of stock . Cell phones and ipods last longer than this , and they 're cheaper ! By the time I keep buying replacement batteries , I might as well have bought the hardcopy . If you are still thinking about purchasing a Kindle , at least add a spare battery to your cart so you have a back up when your Kindle inevitably dies .
 The Kindle , when used to read books , has 2 major flaws . First , the ` back ' button , located on the right side of the device is just about where your thumb touches when you are holding the Kindle . Problem is , when you are reading a book and accidentally touch ` back ' the Kindle takes you way back to the main menu of the book . Hopefully you had recently glanced at the bottom of the page to see what page you were on . Otherwise , you need to start hitting the ` next page ' button furiously until you find where you were at . It is infurirating ! The second problem is that there are many electronic pages per a hardcover book page so it is tough to know how far along you are in the book . It leaves you with an uncomfortable feeling overall.Possible solution to the first problem
 I got a Kindle in Oct and mine worked great , all of a sudden it stopped workingSo I was sent a replacement , that did n't work at all , no functions at allSo I was sent another replacement , that one did n't work either.I have yet to get any tech support and I have dealth with a rude supervisor , Ray , and a rude customer service , Mariah.others have tried to help but at this point I am tired of wasting my timerun away from kindle
 Worst experence I ever had with an electronics purchase . They sent me 3 . None of them worked . It simply does not do what they say it does . It wo n't connect wirelessly after the first conection . As much as the people @ tech support are very nice & pleasant , nobody know 's what the problem is , how to fix it , or returns calls as promised . I gave it as a gift and it was a huge dissapointment . I had to call tech support every week for 4 months . It should not be purchased or sold until they decide why it dose n't work & how to fix it .
 Let me know when the price goes down on both the device and the electronic books . I 'd rather read books . They cost less ! You ca n't tell me that the cost electronically makes any sense , when the hard copy is cheaper . Its just not worth it . I 'm very interested in getting the device , but the cost is just outlandish.UPDATE ... To those who responded to my review ... I would like to thank those of you who pointed out my spelling mistake in a kind way . To the rest , I do n't think it was right for you to be so unkind and insulting when my comment was not an attack on you . Unless you are the manufacturer of this device , my message was n't even directed at you . I know how to spell absurd , what I wrote was a typo . If we all wrote perfectly all the time , with no spelling errors , there would be no need for whiteout , the backspace key , or the eraser . So , relax ... take a deep breath ... chill out . My comments were about an electronic reading device . It 's really not that serious.Finally , yes I am a non-user of the Kindle . Amazon does a good job by listing all the capabilities of the device , a video demonstration , and a product overview . I 'm pretty familiar with the device , being that friend has one -LRB- with regret -RRB- , and its still not worth the $ 359 .
 no backlight and too small a next page function button ... how could these have been missed for this awesome invention when there are so many examples along the way to which to refer prior to launch ... simple fixes causing major annoyance ! ... besides these plus the high entry price point at a time when the economy is so shaky , this device is pretty cool ...
 About ten years ago , there was a company called Nuvomedia that launched an electronic reader called the RocketBook Reader . Given the technology available at the time , the RocketBook was a much lesser product than the Kindle is , but it was revolutionary and seemed to hold promise . The one problem -- and the reason the product never caught on -- was its price -LRB- $ 300 , if I remember well -RRB- . There are many people who can afford to pay such prices , but the average reader can not . I think it 's unfortunate that Amazon seems to be making the same mistake as Nuvomedia . Unless the Kindle 's price comes down significantly , it 's hard to believe that it will ever become a mainstream product .
 Seldom do I find products , such as the Kindle , which are so outlandishly expensive for what they do . I 've often wondered how the similar Sony product has stayed on the market for as long as it has - and the Kindle is even more expensive . I can find no valid reason why anyone would want to purchase this - at $ 400 bucks - just for the device that stores data , one can purchase a LOT of real books - that do n't need to be charged , no less.The features are also rather absurd - Wikipedia ?! Since when is that considered a reliable source for information ? It 's also interesting to note that Amazon suggests purchasing a separate light as an accessory . On top of that , one still needs to purchase electronic versions of books in order to use the Kindle . Sorry , but the Kindle is a toy for someone who has a lot of money and does n't know how else to spend it - give me a book -LRB- heck , even a lowly paperback -RRB- any day .
 In area no wireless , was told can download onto PC anywhere in the world then to kindle so far has not worked.Have sent e-mails to Amazon no help .
 MY KINDLE IS FROZEN . I BOUGHT IT SO WHEN I TRAVEL IT WOULD BE EASY . I LEAVE TODAY AND AM NOT ABLE TO TAKE IT WITH ME AS IT IS FROZEN . I WILL TAKE CARE OF THIS WHEN I RETURN.NOT HAPPY CUSTOMER !
 I got a Kindle for my birthday at my request . I thought I could use it to replace the books I have to take with me on the road when I am working on a story -- both books I might read for pleasure and for background -- but I find the selection is inferior to your average bookstore . For instance , I am reading a Denise Mina mystery trilogy . I 'm on the seocnd volume , and wanted to read the third on my Kindle , but it 's not available . I wanted to read something by the late David Foster Wallace , but the selection is very skimpy . I wo n't even get into books I wanted to look at for research . If I could return this product , I would do so in a flash .
 I am so dissatisfied with my Kindle 1 . The first Kindle 1 lasted 6 months ... the latest only 3 months . Customer service has been awful . I am certain there will be a class action lawsuit when they figure out how many of these Kindle 1 's are defective . I wanted to upgrade to Kindle -LRB- lastest generation -RRB- and pay the difference but they would not allow me to even thought my Kindle 1 was still under warranty . They must know there is a problem.DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT BUY ONE OF THESE UNTIL THEY HAVE ALL THE BUGS OUT.I am so disappointed in Amazon as I had been a big fan up until now . I am out $ 350 dollars and I do n't even want to unwrap the latest replacement as it will only work for a few months . I refuse to deal with the lousy customer service again .
 I am now on my third kindle since January . The first one had a defective wireless option and could not download any books . The replaced it . My second kindle froze . They replaced it . My third kindle now refuses to turn on . I would like my money back . I have just been told that even though I have had all these problems Amazon will not refund my money . I can get a new kindle AGAIN and that is it . I will be looking for another wireless book with better performance and reliability . Perhaps the Kindle 2 is better product but I have to sell my Kindle myself and than purchase a Kindle 2 to find out . What a pain . I will buy the Sony
 I bought the Kindle on behalf of my 83-year old Mom , because she has macular degeneration and we were looking for something that would be easier for her to read . However , the largest font size could be one more jump up , and choosing silver as the color on the little slider that shows you what menu item you are choosing was nuts , in my opinion
 I would buy it if the services I now get for free on the internet -LRB- newspapers , magazines etc -RRB- did not cost money on this expensive device.Provide free services and lower the price and it 's a winner !
 This is not a review of the Kindle itself since I have n't been able to purchase one yet . I was trying to purchase one for a birthday present , but I 've subsequently found out that they are on back order despite the fact that the site did n't tell me that . Needless to say , an estimated delivery date of December 3-5 wo n't work for a birthday on Nov 20 . This is the second time that Amazon has `` hidden '' the delayed delivery date until the automated confirmation ! I understand the economics of it -LRB- if the get you invested in the product you wo n't purchase something comparable from somewhere else -RRB- , but I think it 's deceptive.Just wanted to back sure no one else ran into the same situation . Thanks , Oprah for telling everyone about the product ... Just beware you 're now going to have to wait a while to get it ! Sort of forseeable consequence that might merit extra production on Amazon 's part ! : -RRB-
 I was most intrigued when I saw this product on Good Morning America and went to Amazon to find out more . I am afraid that for $ 400 I would expect more . There is no connectivity with a PC , more so with a laptop ; the network link is way too proprietary making it useless outside the US ; it lacks a color screen , while not mandatory for $ 400 I would expect one , and ; there is no description about security features regarding ordering and payment processes . What I do like is that it appears user friendly . For me I will wait until the next generation or for the price to drop down below $ 150 .
 the idea is great , but the graphic user interface has to go ... let go of those ridiculous buttons and BS excessive borders around the screen ... cut away all the excess and just use an iPhone touch interface ... ca n't wait for Steve Job 's version of the most Advanced Mobile device that uses the same , perhaps even more advanced , technology but with a touch of class , elegance and aesthetics ... now that 's a device worth drowning your wallet into ... : -RRB-
 The kindle kindles hatred in my heart . I want to use the kindle for kindling . This `` reading device '' is bound to be obsolete and forgotten within a few years . It does nothing that my laptop ca n't already do . I dont want to lug around my laptop and the stupid kindle as well . I could have just brought along a paperback instead and saved myself about 390 $ . I dont read dozens of books at a time and I dont know anyone who does . The kindle has a very short battery life , and it does n't display illustrations , graphs , footnotes etc. so really this device is pretty much useless . but if you have to have every new tech gadget that comes along be my guest - it will be gathering dust in your closet along with your segway and your hd-dvd player sooner than you think .
 Kindle reading device is too costly , not worth the 30 + days of backorder . Unit has several engineering flaws.Unit will not stay in cover-slips out and pages are turned while putting unit back in . Keys to turn pages aretoo large for size of device . Pages get turned without readers knowledge . Too much time is wasted tryingto figure out where last page one was reading is located . I would not buy this device till bugs are out .
 Even though I do n't own the device , it is easy to notice the idea is great and convenient , but carrying this thing around is just terrible.This thing costs a lot of money for its size and lack of color screen , so I am sure the experience is far from reading a `` real book '' . And for 400 bucks , buy a laptop please .
 I got a Kindle for Christmas and it seemed promising until it would n't work ! Turns out neither my home area in Texas nor our vacation home area in New Mexico are in a Kindle area . Actually very little of the whole state of New Mexico at all was in a Kindle area ! So , it seemed like a good idea but it was n't . Take that , Stephen King !
 After trying my brother in law 's Kindle for a week , I have drawn the following conclusions of the device itself . The technology behind its feel is like driving a 1986 Buick . I was unimpressed . It is difficult to mark areas or return to areas you would like to re read , It is too expensive , the downloads for some books actually cost more than the hard copy , the screen darkened on me for a couple of minutes and I had to restart the thing.Why not just buy the book used ? Can I get one autographed by the author ? What 's cheaper , leaving your kindle on the bus or a book ? $ 350 will buy a lot of books , even at retail prices .
 I have recently brought kindle fire and I have been using it since a month . I have few comments1 . Amazon good app store however they like basic app for cloud drive access through amazon site . This would make easy to use the could drive .2 . Power bottom is too bad . While using I have pressed unintentionally . Looks very cheap power buttom .3 . Battery drains out lot fasert . I saw it draining out within 4 hours of book reading and web browsing . This definitely needs improvement .4 . I like the home page it is very easy to locate apps and easy to use .5 . Kindle retains Wifi very well in memoery . When I switch on it automatically recognise the network and ready to go . .
 I love my Kindle - the lesson it taught me recently is to read reviews of books before I purchase them . I recently purchased `` How Italian Food Conquered the World '' by John Mariani - what a waste of my money and time - I have struggled through to Chapter 15 but I am now giving up on it . Rambling and jumping from one thing to another , not on subject -LRB- title of the book -RRB- a lot of the time and the way he talks about what was my favorite real Italian restaurant in NYC `` Romeo Salta '' on East 56th Street really got me angry - aside from not describing the real Italian food Mr. Salta was introducing his customers to , I would bet Mr. Mariani did n't eat there very often , if at all . I had the pleasure of dining there at least once a week for several years . And even though the history of the building on East 56th Street is just an interesting fact and nothing to do with how Italian Food Conquered the World Mr. Mariani neglects to mention that the building was designed by Sanford White - and that when renovating the second level for catered events Mr. Salta discovered a false ceiling - removed to reveal ... well , I 'll leave that for you to dwell on .
 What about college text books ? I would ONLY buy this product IF it offered college text books . The company should really think about considering this option . Otherwise to me it 's pointless since I do n't read anything except college books !
 I just purchased a Kindle . I travel a lot and thought it would be a great thing to take along . Unfortunately , I have found that I really dislike the screen contrast . It 's basically gray text on a lighter gray background . Very hard to read , especially in lower light -- and my vision is perfect . Also , the search capabilities are extremely limited . I am probably going to return this ... . disappointing .
 I was so excited watching the web promotional videos on this product and absolutely lusted at the idea of having such an innovative and life changing product . Unfortunately all is not well with the kindle . This has got to be one of the worst hardware design executions ever . I mean OMG , I could not even bare to finish reading the build in manual without continuously loosing my position because of these ridiculously placed oversized buttons.I wish the apple design team would have come out with this product as this was such a bad amazon execution I 'd rather wait for Kindle 3.0 as 2.0 ca n't possible begin to address all the flaws this product comes with .
 Have n't we been able to do all of this on a Palm device for YEARS ? Hell , even the Apple Newton could do all this back in 1997 . $ 400 for this technology today ? Ya got ta be kidding me . Get an iPhone and do even more .
 Right . I do n't have one . And I 'm angry that I 'm even being offered one with this feature set , this subscription model , and this price.You can get a PC for the price of this machine . Heck , you can almost get a Mac Mini for this price.Books are not much cheaper to download to it , compared to the price of a mass market paperback.The device is inexcusably ugly.It lacks direct , easy incorporation of ubiquitous formats like PDFs -LRB- who cares if there 's a work-around -RRB- . For $ 400 for a simple viewer and not-really-quite-a-WiFi-device we should have to futz with rudimentary file conversions ? Is n't that what the engineers should have done?Where 's the mass-storage capability , or even USB-host support that would make this device more credible?To me , this seems like an ugly , overpriced , underpowered solution.I really believe in the future of e-books , I travel frequently , and read voraciously , and a device kinda sorta like this that is -LRB- instead -RRB- well designed , fairly priced , and flexible has huge appeal . But the pricing , capability , and design of this device leave me totally cold.Get Apple involved , or Asus . Attack the design , or price . Maybe an e-paper tablet , mutlitouch interface is n't too far off . Then get back to me.In the meantime
 the initial price as well as the ongoing prices are extreme to my thinking . but , there are always those whose idea of value is far from mine .
 Do n't buy this product . Thousands and thousands of people watched this product being touted on the Oprah show . The Amazon company rep. Never once mentioned that a new and upgraded kindle was in the works . Thousands , over 500,00 people trusted this company and purchased it based on the Oprah recommendation . Now we find out that within months there is a new upgraded kindle about to be sold . A good reputation is based on honesty . This company had to have known that this product was going to be upgraded and instead sold a inferior product to thousands and thousands of people while using Oprah Winfrey to help do it . A upgraded kindle should be offered to every person who was taken for over $ 300.00 in this deceitful sales pitch.Sad and disappointed does n't begin to cover how I feel for me and the thousands of others who got taken in this shameful scam .
 Gee , 10 whole newspapers and nine magazines . Count 'em ! For $ 399 you get a nicely designed and engineered device that
 Kindle uses the Sprint Network -- a doomed network because it is is virtually alone in using a doomed proprietary format . The world uses GSM for cell/mobile/portable phone service -LRB- ATT , TMobile -RRB- You ca n't use a Sprint , Verizon or other phone when traveling to Europe or most other places . So you ca n't get your news subscriptions , download books , etc. . That is a HUGE mistake -- it lets out most international travelers , and that is the prime use I would want to have with the Kindle or any other such device . Fab design , idea and operation but Duhhh ??? on it 's market for travelers . Unlikely they will switch or add a Kindle II with GSM .
 Kindle
 I LOVE THE KINDLE FOR EASE OF USE , BUT HATE HOW FRAGILE THE HOUSING IS . I HAVE PAID FOR 2 KINDLES SINCE MAY OF 2008 AND HERE IT IS , THE 10TH OF SEPTEMBER AND BOTH ARE UNUSABLE BECAUSE THE SCREENS ARE BROKEN . ON TOP OF NOT BEING ABLE TO READ THE E-BOOKS I 'VE PURCHASED , I ALSO HAVE REFERENCE BOOKS THAT I CAN NOT ACCESS . DO NOT PURCHASE UNLESS YOU HAVE MONEY TO BURN !! I CALLED AMAZON AND WAS TOLD THEY CAN NOT REPAIR BROKEN KINDLES , AND THAT IF I WANTED ACCESS TO BOOKS PURCHASED , BUT UNREAD , I WOULD HAVE TO SHELL OUT ANOTHER $ 359 FOR A NEW KINDLE . GOOD IDEA , BUT NOT FINISHED .
 for those of us who are blind or of low vision please consider a viewer that reads out loud . the closest thing on the market is thousands of dollars and does not download . maybe you and Kurzweil could get together . thanks ag
 A friend of mine recently got a Kindle and invited me over to check it out . I spent a good hour with it and was less than impressed with the design.The page next and page back buttons are on the edge of the unit , making it difficult not to press them when holding or picking the Kindle up.The case design is stupid , it had a strap to hold the Kindle in but the strap goes over the keyboard - lame!The selection of books is not there yet - it 's quite lacking . There are big gaps , even for well-known bestselling books.The flicker on the screen when you turn the page is annoying.The price is simply overpriced , it should be about half this price , especially since you still have to buy each book or periodical.If all these negatives where not present , I would probably like the Kindle and buy one myself , but it 's just not a convincing or compelling enough product to make me want one.On the plus side , the idea is cool and has a lot of potential and the screen is nice and quite readable .
 I love the idea . However I think Amazon has really missed the price point on this thing . For $ 400 I would rather buy a iPhone that does way more than a Kindle.The pictures are also ugly , other reviewers have said that it is better in person , but its not like I can go check it out at the store . To me aesthically its UGLY.I am very sad that it is so expensive . I buy ebooks regularly to read on my computer and would love to have a hand held device like this , but it needs alot more features if I am going to pay $ 400 for it .
 In an era where user interface plays such a key role in personal devices , carrying around a device which makes me look like a postal service delivery man is not my idea of cutting edge . Sorry , I 'll have to go with Sony 's less expensive , better looking device . It might not have built-in wireless , but it shares the same eInk technology which essencialy makes the core ebook reader product . I 'll leave wireless access to my laptop ...
 This a great TOY for those who are simply fascinated with buttons . The old adage the `` if something is broken do n't fix it '' is entirely appropriate for this TOY . The kindle is not designed or marketed to the avid reader
 I played with one of these this weekend and ABSOLUTELY HATE IT . It has taken all the fun out of reading REAL books
 You 'll never replace the feel of a hardcover or the sweet smell of a paperback .
 What I do n't understand is why this product is an improvment . I been reading downloaded books on my Palm PDA for years . The screen is easy to read , backlit -LRB- for reading in bed , and not disturbing my wife -RRB- , smaller than a paperback , and holds dozens of books . The battery life is long , and it has other functions.Why pay $ 399 for a Kinder.I would almost rate this no stars , but I will be charitable and give it one .
 It has great concepts but I will not spent $ 400 to be beta tester . A good price range would be around $ 200 . It must fully support complex PDF file . I really do need color but it should at leaset support 16 shade of grey .
 I would like to have 400 books from a book sale . I would like to be able to give them away when I am done . I would like to be able to lose my book , and not have to sweat it . I would like to be able to drop my book , and still be able to read it . I would like to be able to fall asleep holding my book . I would like to have a book that does not require batteries or charging . I would like to not put my personal information into my old book in order to buy a new book.If I see you holding one of these , I will try my best to internalize my laughter .
 this looks so big , the coolness factor is nil . Wonder who would buy this big piece -LRB- almost looks like a brick -RRB- . Good luck amazon !
 Ca n't say whether the Kindle works well or not , since I have n't bought one . But I can tell you why I did n't buy one . $ 400 , that 's why . The Kindle is the ebook equivalent of the razor and the inkjet printer . Make your money selling a gazillion books . Get the e-reader to as many people as possible ... with a low price.Then , if people are n't that tickled with certain aspects , no big deal . They do n't feel so burned . They can use the unit when it suits the situation . They do n't have to use it all the time just to justify the high cost.I assume Amazon will also have to fix the many problems described in other reviews . When they do that , and get the price down , down , down , there may be some possibilities here .
 I would love to review this product based on it 's merits , but at $ 399 dollars it just is n't possible for me to do that.So instead I am rating it purely on it 's price . And , frankly , that price keeps this device far out of the reach of many bibliophiles . It is n't like this is a product that 's offering something brand new ... you can still read a book , newspaper , or magazine without this device.The monetary advantage of the Kindle -LRB- cheaper digital books -RRB- does n't really do a lot to offset to the initial price.And while the Kindle does offer some limited advantage of convenience , this is more than offset by the disadvantage
 I ordered this and i was excited about having the kindle . Amazon does not say that the kindle can not be used in other countries , such as Trinidad . I was so disappointed when I could not use the kindle to download any books . I sent the kindle back to amazon after telling them my problem and not getting any reply . I am extremely dissatisfied with the service with this particular item .
 When i bought my Kindle , the first generation , it was with the understanding that it would hold at least 200 books . I have less than 20 books and it 's now telling me that i do n't have enough memory . I only found out when I ordered a few books , most of them were not downloaded but my account was still charged . The battery who is supposed to be recharged every two days , only last a couple hours then i have to recharged . Amazon has provided erroneous information in order to overcharge customers for an item that does not function as described .
 I read books constantly . I use computers all the time . I was given a Kindle as a gift ; my wife left it in a taxi . I wo n't replace it.Why I do n't -LRB- did n't -RRB- like the Kindle :1 . The Kindle books are expensive .2 . You ca n't transfer/lend a Kindle book to a friend .3 . You ca n't backup a Kindle book on your computer .4 . If you lose the Kindle , you lose ALL the books you bought and Amazon wo n't replace them .5 . If you lose the Kindle , the person picking it up / stealing it can buy things on Amazon using your account through the wireless connection .6 . Amazon could , but wo n't , prevent a Kindle thief from using the Kindle . Amazon is happy to interfere with a legitimate owner 's use of his Kindle but wo n't block its use by a thief . Why would you do business with this type of company ? 7 . The Kindle requires an external source of light to read .8 . Your spouse will find the `` click '' of the turn page button just as annoying as the sound of turning a real page -LRB- or more so -RRB- and make you read on the couch.No . 6 is the major reason I wo n't buy a new Kindle , but each of the above reasons points to a real weakness in owning a Kindle .
 I received a Kindle as a gift and was initially impressed with its features and promise as a `` visionary device '' . Unfortunately my Kindle was declared defective after a week 's worth of usage . Apparently having it on , in sleep mode and draining the battery below 25 % is a lethal combination . It caused the sleep screen to stay frozen and could not be recovered.In working with customer service it was courteous but unstatisfying . After being told that even though I am a current customer , have paid for the device that I would have to wait at least another 7-10 days before one could be shipped . Poor planning and response on Amazon 's part . No inventory for replacements ? Just a promise to be at the front of the line to receive one as they are produced . As an IT exec , if I had to tell an internal customer that `` yes your laptop has died and I will replace just as soon as I get a replacement and you have nothing to use in the meantime , so sorry . '' I would be axed . Anyway , mine is going back for credit . I can wait until this is less of a bleeding edge gadget.So this is a cautionary tale . Just be aware that if you have a problem with your Kindle , do n't expect immediate resolution or replacement so long as this device is experiencing production backlogs .
 I use the Kindle constantly , the display is easy to read and the convenience ca n't be beat of portably carrying dozens of books on one device.Mine is constantly draining the battery , as I do not pack multiple adapters for recharging , I only pack USB cords and USB chargers.Alas - the unit will not use USB power to recharge . This is a gross error . Please allow current Kindle users to exchange for USB compatible recharging.The `` ergonomic '' buttons - I am constantly grabbing the unit by the edges , inadvertently advancing pages.The unit falls out of the supplied case , the retainer corners are on the wrong corners , such that the unit is always slipping or falling out of the case .
 Wake me up when it costs $ 150 . Then maybe I 'll be interested.Also , charging for somebody 's FREE blog just seems wrong .
 I bought Amazon Kindle and used it for only two months . After two months , it stopped working . In these two months , I barely used it 6 times . I have used other electronic notebooks , even after one year they still work great . I would not recommend people to buy this .
 I ca n't believe I took a chance on Amazon and bought the original Kindle in 2008 . It is less than 2 years old and it is completely broken - it freezes every time I turn it on . Amazon tells me that my only recourse is to send them another $ 70 and they will sell me a refurbished original Kindle . What a rip off . I will try B & N before doing that .
 The good newsAs an inveterate bibliophile , I feel this is a product that needed to be invented . Although it is by no means revolutionary and not the first e-book reader , it seems to be the best on the market . Like some reviewers , I too cherish the feel of a real book-antiquarian smells , binding , rough pages etc. , and the comfort of having a real book on my shelf . But since I am or will be forced to lead a nomadic existence , and since I can not afford to not read since I dream of becoming a writer , I love the idea of carrying my library wherever I go.The bad newsUnfortunately , the e-books are over-priced at $ 10 . I would n't mind investing $ 400 if the product pays back for itself in the long run but at 10 dollars , I can buy two real books . Also , I do n't suppose the reader allows you to download free e-books from sites like Bartleby or Project Gutenberg or read e-comics in a cbr format . I am not so much worried about the retail price , since it will reduce with time , as I am about the cost of e-books . If only Bezos can sustain his vision and allow download of free and cheaper e-books .
 Why should I pay $ 400 for a Kindle when I already read ebooks on my Palm in many different formats , at lower prices , from different sources including the public library , plus having my contacts , calendar , various personal lists & documents all on the same device ? My ebook library on memory cards & on computer runs about 500 books & is still growing . As I understand it , a Kindle would restrict me to just reading material purchased from Amazon . I like Amazon , but I also like the short stories I can purchase at Fictionwise ; I even read fanfiction on my pda . A Kindle just does n't make sense for me .
 I love my Kindle . That being said , it is poorly designed considering how fragile it is . The cover is not made to hold it securely , and if you do n't use the cover , you are holding the actual Kindle with buttons on both sides that you do not want to touch for fear of losing your page . Hence , I kept it in the non-secure cover and yesterday it slipped out and dropped two feet onto the carpet , game over . Lines appeared on the screen , I called support and they `` graciously '' -LRB- total sarcasm -RRB- replaced it for a mere $ 180 -LRB- does not include shipping -RRB- . I was told the wires are very delicate , so why not warn people ? Why not make a cover that holds the Kindle securely ?! The cover is AWFUL !!! I had it only three months and Amazon took me for the initial $ 359 plus now the additional $ 180 dollars . I think Amazon has lost site of it 's customer base . I actually despise them at this point . NEVER DROP OR IT AND YOU ARE TOAST .
 When searching for a book to buy it would be nice to see the inside cover description of the book just like when you pick up the book in a book store to read about what a book is about.The print is clear , easy to see.The Kindle does not stay in the `` cover '' that comes with it and is always falling out . Because the controls take up so much of the edge of the Kindle when it falls it usually lands on back , next page or previous page and changes the page.The control placement could be much better so that you can hold it in many different positions without `` turning '' the pages . Did anyone in R & D take this on a trip and read on the beach , in a plane , in bed at night?I have n't yet figured out how to turn on a back light to be able to read in low light conditions , if there is such a feature.The actual purchase is easy . Since sales is the goal of Amazon it is not surprising that the sales process is seamless . As mentioned above the selection process before purchase could be better by providing other book information on the Amazon site.Downloads have all been without a hitch.Great idea but the hardware needs improvement .
 Everything was as advertised except the battery . The battery goes dead after a day or two of nonuse . This is very annoying to have to recharge everytime I want to read . I do n't know if this is normal or I have a defective battery .
 The product worked good for the first 6 months . Ever since it 's been restarting on its own randomly every day , every third day , and sometimes multiple time a day -LRB- as many as six recently -RRB- and it 's a real problem and real annoying !!! Every time it reboots you lose where you were reading and have to start from scratch . I have worked with their customer service department over the last 8 months and to no avail nothing has seemed to fix this problem . From rebooting to checking the software to resetting the kindle to its factory settings nothing seems to work . The main problem here is over the course of time they have had me try different solutions , now my warranty has run out and they will not replace it for me !!! I think they knew what they were doing by having me try different solutions over the course of time that did n't work as a stall tactic until my warranty ran out . As they did at one point where willing to give me a break on buying a new one for $ 60 , I think it should be covered in full or at least what I paid credited towards a new kindle !!! I have the Kindle keyboard with WiFiHas anyone else had this experience ?
 sends me in circles `` tweet share that you have finished this book '' and back again . so what am i suposed to do next ?
 I would greatly appreciate being able to cite page numbers for essays , as well as gain access to all footnotes .
 I would never buy another amazon kindle . We r on our 3rd one in 6 months . It keeps freezing up and lines keep appearing all over the screen . Very disappointed and will NEVER buy another one .
 I have an iphone4 . When I down load an app that is marked `` free '' , it is in fact free . I CAN USE IT WITHOUT CHARGE ! This is not the case with the kindle fire . Ashley there are some apps that are truly free , that is not the case for so called `` THIRD PARTY APPS . I downloaded Netflix because it was marked free , only to find out that it is n't free . I could download if without a charge , but to use it there is a fee . Now while I do n't expect to get evruthing free , this mantling is misleading and in my opinion an outright lie . I would not have downloaded Netflix if it was n't marked free . I suppose it is silly of me to think that I could watch a movie for free , but I thought perhaps it was part of being a Prime member . Well it 's not . It 's s a lie and fraudulent practice . When I contacted customer service I spoke to a representative located who knows where , and all they could do was repeat the script over and over ... Nrtflix is a free app , but you have to pay for it . When I pointed out yhd obvious contradiction in this statement , it was repeated to me over and over . No explanation as to how something can be free and not free at the same time . They fir say Netflix is a third party and that 's why you have to pay to use it , but they could not satisfactorally explain why Amazon labels it Free in the app store .
 I bought my wife a Kindle for her birthday and she loved it . She liked it so much she bought me one for Christmas . When she got hers she charged it up , grabbed her credit card and started reading . When I got mine I charged it up and was pissed off for two days because it will not work . It says I need a `` WI FI '' connection . Huh ? What the hell is that ? It told me in the `` setting up your Kindle '' instructions to scan for a `` Wi Fi '' network . Result ZERO . Apparantly the Kindle engineers in charge of unsimplification have done a HELL of a job . After trying to make it work for two days the screen went blank . Chineese quality at its best . It is now on its way back to Wall Mart because I do n't want that piece of crap . For what it cost I can buy plenty of gas to go to the library . Forget Kindle . Books are cheaper and a lot less agravating.PS.I had to give it one star to write this review . It is not worth one star .
 I really loved my kindle while it worked . I just started using it about 6 months ago even though it was given to me as a gift a couple years back . During the last several monthes I have become quite fond of this devise . It has now developed lines across the screen and since the warranty has expired , I can only replace it with a $ 70 - $ 100 kindle . It is too bad that the screen is n't durable .
 Bought a kindle for our five year old , turns out there is no ` real ' parental controls . The app that is supposed to protect the kids needs to be signed into every time the kindle is turned on . That means if even 1 time it does n't get signed in that our five year old would have access to every violent or perverse app or movie that is available on Amazon . Aside from being potentially dangerous for kids it actually worked fairly well . We are returnig it to the store today and trying to find something more kid safe .
 After owning my kindle for 2 yrs , I woke this morning -LRB- Christmas 2012 -RRB- to find it not working . Well , after troubleshooting and talking with two representatives/supervisors of kindle ... it is shot ! I mean dead ! The rep. kindly reported that it is an `` electronic Ink Problem '' and that since I did not purchase the warranty ... I was out of luck . So all you Christmas fans . . keep your money and purchase from some where else . You see , if the problem was caused by me , I can see my being out of luck . But by the problem admitted by representative to be a kindle flaw ... kindle should at least replace the darn thing . To make matters worse ... I just purchased 5 books for the winter and my relatives gave me gift cards as Christmas gifts . What a joke . Just like everything else these days ... CUSTOMER SATISFACTION is a thing of the past and inferior products is our future ... combined with CUSTOMER LOYALTY really do n't matter .
 Wait for the next version.This reminds me of early computers with operating flaws.About 10 % of the time I need to restart the unit by removing the back and finding a paper-clip and depressing the restart button.On occasion , the unit will loose my reading place and I have to search for where I last closed the document -LRB- book -RRB- . The download coverage area is not accurate , when in Hawaii , I am unable to download books even when in the area shown as available.I believe this is an early attempt to develop a product that is NOT ready for release.I would return my Kindle if I could .
 Cons ; - Proprietary content - Ugly design and early 1990s feel - Black and white - Extremely expensive-eBooks still expensive - Will not own full rights to purchased content - Mediocre user interfacePros ; - e-ink technology - Potentially the start of something bigQuestions to ask yourself ; - Why would I need to carry hundreds of books at one time ? - How important are color images to me ? - Do I like being mugged ? - Do I like being mocked ? - Apple , where art thou ?
 Strike One - The e-InkThe concept is cool . Energy is used to set the e-ink image , but energy is n't used to maintain the image . Energy is only used to refresh the page with the E-Ink image of the next page . This means the battery lasts a long time . The downside is that there is no back lighting , that coupled with the fact that the e-ink leaves ghosting from the previous page , it actually makes the text harder to read than a real book.Strike Two - It 's UglyIt 's about as sexy as an East German Swimmer complete with conspicuous mustache and uni-brow . It looks about as cutting edge as an 8-track tape since the dimensions are so similar.Strike Three - The Publishers ' fear of changeIt costs about $ 200 to digitize a book , compared to the thousands to produce and distribute a hardcopy book . Publishers have no desire to pass that savings on to the consumer . They saw what happened to Tower Records and there is no way they want the same for Border 's and Barnes and Noble . Sure they 'll make grumblings about potential piracy of intellectual property of digitized books , but that is just an argument of distraction . So plan on a trickle of titles as the 800-pound Amazon gorilla fights to get publishers on board.This is a step in the right direction , but it falls short .
 I 've been holding for `` support '' for about 15 minutes . This is the second time I 've had this problem . My Kindle has been freezing up on me -LRB- I ca n't even turn it off -RRB- . I know now how to stick the paperclip in the back , but I lose my place in the book and its rather inconvenient to carry around a paperclip . When I talked to someone last at the support number , they said it was common for the Kindle to freeze up about once a week . I 've only had it 2 weeks so it 's right on schedule I guess ...
 My family bought this for me 6 months ago and the screen is now toast . So I contact Customer Service and they tell me first of all that I have to provide them the billing information of the person who bought it for me , even though I 've registered my kindle and they can see how long ago I started using it . Worse than that , they said if they ca n't fix it I 'll have to pay $ 179 for a new one !!!! What kind of warranty is that !!! I 've read plenty of posts about the screen dying on these things but most people said they got a replacement without any hassle . Well I guess they 're losing too much money and now refuse to replace them.After reading about the new Sony E-reader , I 'm tempted to buy one instead of paying for my kindle twice . Maybe with the Sony I 'll actually be able to figure out where I am in the book and I wo n't keep my husband awake with the annoying clicking the kindle makes when you turn a page.What a waste of money . I 'm just glad I got to read all the books I 've downloaded at least once .
 So I get my Kindle -- excited as can be . But am HUGELY disappointed in Amazon right now . Not only did I pay for expedited shipping but it appears I have a `` defective '' unit but their tech people need 2-3 days to figure this out ? I 'm in Ann Arbor , MI , so even though it 's very connected , and it shows 5 solid bars I 'm unable to connect.If I do the sensible thing and send it back , and reorder another one using the nifty Oprah coupon for $ 50 off -LRB- that expires tomorrow -RRB- I should get one that 's OK . What if their tech people in 3 days tell me `` oh , your unit is fine . '' Then I 'm SOL if I want another one , eh?Truly a disappointment in customer service . They shoulda had be box it up yesterday and send it back and had a new one in my hands today .
 What idiot named this device ? `` Kindle '' it makes me think of book burnings !!! Ignorant and offensive . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nazi_book_burningsNo PDF support ! Give me a break.Amazon should re-name and redesign this .
 First off , the good :1 . Battery life looks great .2 . The display looks really nice .3 . I love the newspapers , blogs , and especially the free Wikipedia access .4 . The integrated store with built in free wireless access is genius.THE BAD :1 . Amazon goofed BIG TIME . If Amazon really wanted to make ebooks successful , they should have provided a free utility to convert text files into ebooks , in their format . There are tons of free , public texts around for this . They should n't worry about cannabilizing their own sales since the reader costs $ 400 . Last I check , the Apple model is pretty successful and they 're making money off the hardware -LRB- iPod -RRB- , not the sales of songson iTunes .2 . The design is not that great . Sony 's reader looks better and is essentially the same technology .
 I received this item this week and purchased a book for my kindle . Before I even finished the book the kindle froze -LRB- the same page was displayed and would not change even when the device was turned off -RRB- . Also when I reviewed the books for sell through the Kindle -LRB- I 'm a science fiction buff -RRB- I could not find any I liked .
 My Kindle2 was bought in May , 2011 . It broke and was replaced under warranty in January 2012 . In July , 2012 , with no known precipitating factor , the machine froze and could not be rebooted . Congratulations to Amazon for phenomenal response time on the phone , but raspberries for not backing a second defective device . I was told the warranty was over . I expected the warranty to be from the date of the replacement . I was offered a $ 20 discount on another replacement , but I declined . My experience is the device is too unreliable to invest more cash . It worked fine , when it worked , and I was not a heavy user . But , I will be looking to put my money in a different device . Sorry , Amazon , it was fun while it lasted .
 This may be the beginning of a new trend that will help to cut down on the use of printed paper , which is a good thing , but at $ 399 , this device has a huge markup , and huge net for Amazon . There 's absolutely no reason why this device should not cost $ 100 or less.Early adopters , enamored with a mobile e-book , who are willing to spend an exorbitant price for a gadget with a tiny screen , are forgetting the fact that newspapers and magazines are printed in color . Although a novel would be great on this little screen , I would n't want to deal with the eyestrain of using it daily to read periodicals.Like any technology , it 's just a matter of time before a new model is offered for half the price , repeat , repeat , repeat , and you have a $ 49 e-book with color . I 'll wait .
 Sometimes it is better to have checks and balences ... like connecting a device to your computer , and having to transfer SAVED data . This device is visually unapealing , costs too much , and overlaps functions that the average person already has . When this device becomes smaller , nicer to look at , cheaper , and most imoortantly ; have a computer interface ... then at that point , it would be a computer , and there is still no need for it.I have a Sony Portable Reader System -LRB- Sony PRS-505 -RRB- and I love it ! It is not wireless , but with computers and phones ... who needs wireless content from a book . Not to mention the countless people who speak of loosing data . All my books are stored on the device , and my computer . There are very few buttons , it still has the paper like screen -LRB- if they add color to the screen , that 's when the chances of stressing your eyes increases -RRB- . If you are an avid book reader , than I suggest the Sony PRS . But if you still need more ... then just invest in a computer .
 I ordered a kindle based upon reviews on amazon . just received it today and was excited to set up and purchase some books i had been holding off on . Opened the box - device was smaller and lighter than expected , decent ergonomics , good type , now on to ordering . Can download magazines and newspapers but when i go to download purchase books it tells me that because of geographic restrictions my order ca n't be filled . ??? I live in pittsburgh . Used the amazon callback service - what a hoot - I can live with offshore helpdesks and English a a second language but this operator knew so little english it was comical . after promising me a manager who never showed up on the phone , I hung up . Why not try email support thats always been good . 6 hours later and still waiting . unfortunately the personalized letter from Jeff Bezos does n't come with an email address .
 As a potential customer for the Kindle , I am astonished and disappointed that an international company should release a product so lacking in thought for standards and for the `` outside world '' . In short : * The wireless connectivity only works in the US on one US provider . So , people outside the US ca n't use it . And people who buy one in the US wo n't be able to use it if they travel outside the US . * Without the wireless connectivity , the only way to get content onto the device is via SD -LRB- memory -RRB- card or via USB , which requires a PC/Mac . There is no Wifi or Ethernet connection . * As it is , the device does not support PDF -LRB- Adobe Acrobat -RRB- which is the current de-facto standard for electronic books . * The `` file conversion '' e-mail service relies on a proprietary wireless network , only available in the US . There is no support for POP3/SMTP over TCP/IP and Ethernet . * Once files are on the device in the Amazon proprietary format , they are `` locked '' to it using Digital Rights Management -LRB- DRM -RRB- , in a similar way to the iPod and Apple 's iTunes.Why on earth did Amazon create something with so many limitations ? Why not build in internationalisation from day one by using GSM and/or Wifi for the wireless networking , with an Ethernet interface for wired connectivity ? Why is Amazon limiting its market in this way by creating something tied to one US network?FX
 I have read a lot of reviews that are dissatisfied with the fact Kindle supports DRM and therefore the books you buy may not be available to you in 10 years . And equally as valid are the points that the screen is not colour -LRB- even though when one reads books they are usually black and white this is not so with magazines or newspaper -RRB- , and that the Kindle does not support PDF files . But also ... what about those of us who like to write in the margins of our books ? There is no stylus for us to be able to do this and from the pictures I have seen there is not even enough room in the margins . I am a student right now and sometimes read more than 5 books per week . I can not remember all the content within a single book so I must mark specific passages I think are important or specific ideas and concepts that come to mind when I read a book.I do n't know what I think of these ebooks . To me , it has always been very exciting to go to the bookstore and feel the actual physical book in your hand . Somehow having an entire `` digital '' library would take away the pleasure of a real book . Is the ebook more convienent ? Perhaps ... and carrying multiple books would certainly be easier ... esp . recently when I had to carry more then 10 books home in my suitcase from New York to Kansas City for a research project for school . On the other hand , how often do we read more then one book at once ?
 In many ways this is better than Sony Reader but simply technology is not there yet . Additional to Evdo , it needs to have Wifi , so if you need a powercord let it be . Additional to newspapers , there is a need to be able to scan internet . Another big issue that needs to be solved is , most of us have many books either we already read or are in the book pile waiting to be read . Since we ca n't scan and upload them to this reader , we 'll just need to buy new books which will take some time to make it a part of our life . So if I ca n't reach to my library which is print based , then I at least would want to read my pdf 's -LRB- business book summaries for example -RRB- , want to read word documents or anyhting I have downloaded from internet -LRB- html -RRB- . If not then the use of this reader is pretty much limited.Problem with the laptop or pc reading is you ca n't just sit still infront of a pc or notebook for a long time , they are still bulky , the form factor of this product is great but that 's not enough to convince consumers.Not to mention that 399 $ price is too much for a product which is not ready for the prime time . I 'm sure Amazon will sell many of these but I guess in 3-4 years time , the screen tecnhology will be able to handle both , books , internet , pdf , word and other formats , price will be around 200 $ . Then we 'll see millions will buy this item . Amazon has a clear advantage in delivering this promise as service is a big part of the equation . Selling hw is not enough , you need to put a service behind and looks like Amazon gets it right by supplying books much cheaper than printed versions , plus newspapers.That 's a big plus and advantage of Amazon . Yes in 5 years time whoever solves the electronic reading puzzle proper hw + service , we 'll see a new ipod + itunes like business emerging . I 'm curious if Apple or Microsoft is going to go into this business . Simply it will be a huge business , billions of dollars is on the table.So all in all , electronic reading revolution is progressing and pieces are coming together.I 'm sure some companies are working on a better product and make no mistake if we can understand the limits of this product , engineers behind this know it probably much better than us . It 's simple , we are not there yet . We just need to wait a little bit longer .
 I love the idea and hope it 's eventually successful , but the Kindle has one fatal flaw
 I would never have purchased one of these myself , for reasons I 'll go into later , but it so happens I was given one at work to evaluate for free . Never one to turn down a bargain , I accepted eagerly.The device itself rates a solid `` eh . '' The design is not terrible , but it could have been better thought out . The plcement and organization of the controls befuddles me . For example , the beveled edges are almost entirely taken up with two sets of next and previous buttons . Why do we need two sets of the same button ? And why are they placed at the edges , where I am constantly pressing them accidentally when I hold the device ? Why are the chicklet-sized keys so small , when there is room on the bottom of the device for them to be bigger ? And why are they all angled diagonally ? Why are the power and wireless switches located on the back , where they are covered when the device is in its leather case ? Why is the headphone jack on the bottom , and where in gods name is the SD card slot ? I ca n't even * find * it . None of these is a deal breaker , but they are annoying . Also , the plastic case feels cheap and it 's not very attractive.Thankfully , reading E-books is not as difficult as the poor design would indicate . Select a book and use your huge previous and next buttons to page through , that 's it . The E-ink display is clear and readable , and it 's relatively easy to search , place bookmarks , and look up words . Leaving notes is a bit harder due to the odd keyboard design-you 're not going to want to type anything lengthy.Whispernet and the kindle store work extremely well-this is easily the best-thought out feature on the device -LRB- I wonder why ... -RRB- . It is easy to connect to the kindle store , and once there , you can read reviews and even download sample chapters for free . It 's a shame I wo n't ever use it . Why not ? Kindle uses a proprietary e-book format that is n't readable on any other device , which makes the kindle store and the kindle ebook reader inextricably coupled . It can read files in other formats -LRB- text and Mobi -RRB- , but anything you buy from Amazon will only be readable on the kindle . What the consumer ebook market needs is an ebook version of the MP3 file format
 I wish I could review my brand new toy , but alas I ca n't . My Kindle arrived with an apparently defective wireless internal antenea . So after calling the help line and having them try to troubleshoot -LRB- and fail -RRB- over the phone , I 'm told that someone else -LRB- presumably with more product knowledge -RRB- with get back to me in 24 hours or so and try some more troubleshooting . What ?! It 's a new product that 's is facing stiff competition from newer more stylish products and who ultimately will live and die by reviews from early adopters . Instead of making me wait even longer -LRB- is n't six weeks enough ?! -RRB- they should have said we 'll send you a new Kindle ASAP and ship us back the defective one . It 's been over 24 hours and I have not heard from Amazon.com yet . I think I will just return this product and wait for the newest slickest thing Apple comes out with or checkout the new Sony ebook reader . I 'm sure if it 's working properly the Kindle is great , but the lack of good customer service has turned me off from the product .
 The Kindle could be so much better if it had been better thought out . It makes a really good start , and then falls short . The wireless download is little better than useless , since the network generally does n't work . The very helpful customer support person suggested that I drive around to find a better signal . While the selection of English language fiction is great , the selection of other genres is limited . If there are books in other languages , I have n't been able to find them -LRB- including dictionaries ... would n't it be really useful to not have to lug around two or three dictionaries when traveling abroad ? -RRB- . Reference books are rare . The limited file formats that can be emailed to the device are frustrating , which takes the option of downloading my own reference documents . The option of having an illuminated screen would also be really helpful . NB
 I loved my Kindle until I took it out of my backpack and it 's screen was frozen in a weird , glitchy image . It was the only thing in bag and other than picking it up and putting it down , it suffered no great trauma . Amazon claimed it was my fault and charged me for a replacement , but I think that it 's a design flaw for a portable device to be so breakable . Even if you do buy this , be warned that you should treat it more like a fragile laptop than a mobile phone or , you know , an actual book.Also , there are real problems with battery life - it worked as advertised for about a month , at which point a daily charge suddenly became necessary . Amazon touts the fact that eInk does n't need power to hold an image , but after about a month of use , the Kindle could barely make it through a night without losing all power -LRB- and yes , the wireless switch was off -RRB- .
 The Kindle is a decent start on a great idea but falls short on the implimentation . I have used the Kindle daily at home and travelling ~ 50:50 . With the page forward and back buttons on both sides it is very tiring to hold the kindle for long periods trying to avoid touching those buttons . Also , inadvertantly touching any of these keys seems to send the book I 'm reading forwards or backwards an inditerminate number of pages . Which brings up the problem of no page numbers . I know that changing the font may cause the document to repaginate but it actually does n't , it just changes the page size in my opinion so the total number of pages does n't change . Really makes it very difficult to move around in a document . Which takes me to my next complaint . Importing PDF documents happens without creating a table of contents etc and that makes putting something like the laws of the game for soccer on the kindle nearly impossible to use.All in all , since I was out of town for the last week and my 30 days trial has expired and I ca n't return this now I will probably pass this over to my kids and let them play with the toy . Hopefully the next version will be useable because this one is n't , for me . This is my opinion and I could be wrong .
 I teach technology-based communication at a postsecondary institution so I was thrilled to see the advent of an easily accessible electronic book . I was thinking of the thousands of dollars that my students waste on textbooks that will be irrelevant as soon as the course is over , the trees saved , the ability to update instantly ... DO NOT buy this item if you are ever out of the country , do not live in a major metropolitan area , intend to use it , as described , for mobility convenience . The range of my Kindle has been greater NYC . I have tried to upload in Jackson Hole , Wyoming , upstate NY , Bellingiham , WA , and the San Juan Islands . Nothing . I have also attempted to use it in Vancouver and Toronto . Nothing . The claim was that anywhere there is a cellphone signal , the Kindle should find a wireless connection . Well , mine seems to be permanently searching . What a watse of good technology .
 First of all books and newspapers are sold way too expensive , price should be a fraction of the hard copy price . -LRB- no cost for production , only a cost of transmission -RRB- Price of the data must be low especially because of the quality offered to the viewer , 167 dpi is really a low resolution for printed TEXT 200 to 300 dpi should be an absolute minimum for reading , anything lower makes a fuzzy effect that will in the end degrade vision.ok , black and white is a limit of the screen tech , but resolution is not ! with this display tech the resolution can go up to 500 dpi and more in the future!PDF must be native in any device of this kind.I have added one star for free wikipedia access , as I use wiki 50 + times a day.The 2nd star is for gsm data transmission , since wifi is not as common as gsm.and as data size of text is less than music or voice , or video , gsm may be enough , and it is almost everywhere.I see in this device the same economic model as the itunes store.I have ipods -LRB- great devices -RRB- NEVER bought any low quality music via internet !! I have cds , I encode them in the quality I require , I use only MP3 wich is universal -LRB- like pdf for papers -RRB- I think Kindle not being PDF native is as ugly as ipod not supporting OGG.The Kindle should include some kind of lighting , that we may turn on and off.It is very disappointing . Where are the paddles of Star Trek DS9 ??? -LRB- note that the iphone is a rip-off of those , and it is a good thing -RRB-
 price point - too high $ 100 I 'd buy.What no native PDF ? There goes the biz purchase.Lose or minimize the keyboard . Go touch screen or offer bluetooth or a sliding KB.Color ? how do illustrations look?Can you use gutenberg and UV E-text files?How about E-Textbooks from campus?Can you highlight text and hear it read ala Kurzweil , MS Reader and Wynn with a human-like voice ? If not you lose my purchase recommendation for the disabled - I provide Assistive Technology Services.Overall a good start , but not enough to compete with Sony or push me over the edge for a test purchase.Finally , Kindle ? Jeff you 're just asking for grief . You 'll hear about it on Letterman after the strike .
 I read a lot of e-books and I hate converting file formats . The industry is such a fractured mess precisely because every company releases its own proprietary file formats . If I am expected to buy a device costing $ 400 I pretty much demand that it at least supports common file formats natively . PDAs and laptops are quite capable of reading these formats and some sell for less than $ 400 and do other things too . I 've read numerous books on my iPaq and indeed laptops . Even if someone argues that e-paper is better than LCD -LRB- assuming you do n't want color -RRB- , you can still buy a Sony Reader which uses e-paper for $ 100 less than this device.The device also looks incredibly ugly , looking something like an Etch-A-Sketch as designed by civil servants . It 's a white / grey , depressing looking device with angular corners . Maybe Amazon should paid more attention to its appearance . While the Sony Reader does n't push the boat out in the design department , it looks a lot more compact and professional than this.I think Amazon have gone about this all wrong . Look at the iPod as a case study . It succeeded because it was a beautifully simple MP3 player and it came with great software for ripping music , burning CDs AND buying tracks from Apple 's iTunes Music Store . There 's the thing - Apple produced a great standalone device with useful software and sold their service on top of that . The Kindle device IS the service and the device is pretty much useless otherwise . This is the wrong way around.For such a proprietary device the price really needs to be $ 150 or less for Kindle to sell well . Either that , or the the thing needs to be opened up to justify the high price . The current solution is the worst of both worlds .
 Are you kidding me ??? Everyone keeps panning how it looks but that 's not a problem for me . I actually think it would be a cool little gadget but , COME ON ! 400 bucks ? I 'm a professional geek , folks . I get paid to be a gadget nut . This just is n't anywhere near worth the price.First off , I can already get used 25 cent -LRB- plus shipping -RRB- paperbacks on Amazon so I definitely do n't need this thing . Second , I bought a 7 year old Cassiopeia PDA for 20 dollars off of eBay recently that has a reader already installed . I also found a PDF reader program on the net for it for free . Heck , I even have a wireless card for it . I can watch movies on it , listen to music , play games , do business documents and spreadsheets , keep my dates , contacts and reminders on it and surf the net with it . As at least one other reviewer has already said , you can get a laptop for far cheaper so why the heck would I pay 400 Dollars for this one trick pony ? Let alone that its only real purpose for the company is as a `` convenient '' vehicle to sell more ephemeral product which is already overpriced by today 's standards . For that kind of money you should get your first 6 month 's worth of books for free!No thanks . I 'll stick with REAL paper and my ancient PDA if I have to pay that kind of money to have the `` privilege '' of owning a front-end for your business . Come on , guys . You can do better than this!LJ
 After a little over a year , my Kindle went ka-put . I 've charged it and tried turning it on and get nothing . Not even a light or error message of some sort . I -LRB- literally -RRB- bought into the whole Oprah rave and fell for the $ 50 off special at the time . I bought one online book to start , which I never even finished before I found out that it just stopped working . The only things I did find convenient with it was the fact that I could lay sideways and read without having to fold or awkwardly manage a book . But let 's face it , if I 'm already in that position , I 'm falling asleep in 5 mins , which is normally what happened . The other thing I liked was the look-up on any word I wanted , but I could have just kept a dictionary nearby.So having said all that , I realized in this -LRB- very expensive -RRB- exercise , that I 'm a traditionalist . I love going thru actual books and flipping pages . If I liked them , they 're mine forever and I can get to them anytime I want . If not , I can still get a bit of money back from them at the local Half-Priced Books . The Kindle always felt fragile to me . One small move and I 'm bounding pages forward or back . The book cover for it was awful , and it would never stay in place.I 've contacted customer support to see if there 's any kind of warranty or replacement part or even sympathy that could be offered to my dead Kindle ... but to no avail .
 while I like the idea of using less paper , I like the idea of saving money more . this is still too expensive , and I also like collecting books . I guess that 's why I still buy LP 's off of amazon . Who 's with me ?
 I loved my kindle for the one month I had it . But I dropped it from my hand in my bedroom and when I went to `` wake it '' up this morning , it would not . AMAZON says it 's ireparably broken and it is not covered under the warranty . Amazon has lost a faithful customer . While the Kindle had many wonderful qualities , it 's too easy to drop a book , and so I will never buy another one if they break that easily and are not covered under the warranty . It 's very disappointing.Kindle
 I bought the device for my wife for Mother 's day . She is an avid reader of romance novels.First , the device froze and had to be reset twice in about four times we tried to use it.Then , when she tried to buy content , not a single one of the recent , best selling romance titles she wanted were available . Few of her favorite authors had and content available , notably , there were none by Danielle Steel .
 I loved my Kindle . Until I lost it . I had a bunch of personal stuff on it . There 's NO SECURITY ON YOUR KINDLE . No password protection . Nada . So someone else can pick up your Kindle and have at everything on it . Nice . And Amazon makes it VERY VERY VERY difficult to track it . I filed a police report . But the police do not have time to fax them stuff . I 'm hoping they 'll do it for me , but ha ha . Do n't count on it . It 's easy to get in touch with customer service -- but they really are n't helpful . . All that being said , I thought the device was great . And believe it or not , I 'm considering getting another . I gave it such a low review because I want this to be seen . I just want people to know about the security flaws . Unless you have it chained to you , do n't put on anything personal . Maybe they 'll bring in minimal security on the next version . But do n't count on it . The customer rep I spoke with told me that it was meant to be a reader only and it was my fault for putting personal info on it . Thanks .
 I dropped mine about two feet and it 's done . I ca n't even start a fire with it . Not worth the price . Buy the books and everyone can enjoy them when your done you can trade your book in at a used book store for free . So , save money in this in this Bush era and buys books . Talk to Oprah she will agree to save money .
 This Kindle book when I first read it was so full of errors as to be almost unreadable . It is as if someone ran a really insane version of Auto-Correct on it . Punctuation , spelling , line breaks , words -- there are serious errors on almost every page . `` Taunt '' has been used throughout for `` taut , '' `` catapult '' for `` capitulate , '' and so on through a very long list ; `` your '' and `` you 're '' are used interchangeably , `` there , '' `` their , '' and `` they 're , '' etc. . This is a defective product , as much as a water glass with a hole in the bottom.The story itself is not very well told and rather simplistic in conception and execution . It does n't read like the other work of Charles Todd . In fact , although Kindle lists it as being by Charles Todd , I can find no other mention of it in any source I have consulted . I wonder if the whole thing is not a practical joke by someone malicious .
 I bought the Kindle -LRB- 3rd generation -RRB- for my wife 's birthday last year . We tried it out today and it had all these lines on it , so you could not read anything on it . It was never dropped and nothing heavy was put on the screen . We tried the hard reset on this and it still would not remove the lines on the screen . I contacted customer service and all they told me was that it was defective and that since it was a month over the 1 year warranty that they can only replace it if I fork over some more money . Had I known that this piece of junk had only a 1 year lifespan I would have never purchased this at all ! I will never buy and will tell all my friends and family to never purchase a kindle again . I guess the saying is true , you get what you pay for .
 My biggest problem with this product is the fact that I can not get thelittle tab to hold the Kindle in its cover . Can someone help me withthis . Otherwise , I think I am going to enjoy it very much .
 got the kindle yesterday , returned it today . It is a great idea and reading on it was easy and fun , but everytime you touch the kindle in any way , even to push it back into its cover , i inadvertantly changed the page . Worse than that is if you hit the ` back ' button by accident , which is very easy to do , it will take you minutes to refind your page . The page numbering system is not intuitive at all , the cover should never have been created because the kindle keeps sliding out of it . I really have no idea how anybody can pay $ 359 for such a frusrating gadget . I will howver try it again after they update the hardware .
 I returned my Kindle for 2 main reasons : -LRB- 1 -RRB- The screen was much too dim in any light . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The books must have been selected by a non-reader with a 2-digit IQ . Not one book by Philip Roth , one of our greatest writers . Also missing
 It is a good product however it can be made a lot better : - Can have more titles to choose from . I was very disappointed by the selection . Amazon can take feedback from from current users and obtain the kindle version of the titles which have the highest demand . It does not make sense if you have a great device and no good books to read . It is something like buying a great LCD TV and having no good programs to watch on it . - As with any new device/format , the customers will be a lot happy if they can get at least their first kindle book for free . I was really disappointed when I came to know that I had to spend 15 $ more after spending about 390 $ for reading my first book on kindle . However looking at the number of Kindle sales Amazon is making , Amazon may not be interested in such a promotion - Would like a feature which would enable me to read in the dark without straining my eyes .
 There is a lot that I like about the Kindle , but the problems that I 've experienced , especially with the wireless functions , are the reason for the low rating.The wireless has been too unreliable . It is rare that I can make contact even when the connection shows a maximum signal . I 've contacted customer service , who asked me a lot of questions and relayed a lot of status information about my device . They said they would contact me in a day , after they investigated my problems , to inform me as to whether the problems were with my machine or their network . That was two weeks ago . I have n't heard from them and the problems continue.The device also freezes a lot , especially when I have the wireless turned on . When I turn the wireless off , and just use it as a reading device , it generally works very well . It does still freeze occasionally . I keep a paper clip attached to the strap on the cover so I can perform a hard reboot easily.If you do n't mind being an early adaptor and not expect all of its features to work , it is worth considering . However , for the price , I 'd expect it to be more reliable in this release . If you are not used to being an early adaptor , forget it for now.When it does work , it is great . The screen is much better than I expected for reading . That technology is wonderful . The concept is great The execution needs some work .
 I happily awaited my Kindle and my -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000FI73MA Kindle
 having just purchased I was rather surprised at the overall feel of the unit . While it is very convenient to download , the process of reading your digital book is difficult ... the print is great and readable , but try to hold this unit and turn pages requires a great deal of patience ... pages change sometimes with the slightest brush of your hand . . most of all ... it is very difficult to hold ... probably should have gone with the Sony ... George
 I am so disappointed with Kindle.I love the device . The fatal flaw is Amazon has permitted the conversion of books and newspapers without charts , graphics , pictures , etc. . Kindle is useful only to the casual reader.The Wall Street Journal and the Financial Times are not useful without stock market charts and graphs.Imagine reading about important geopolitical events without supporting maps . For example , would it be possible to understand the recent events between Russia and Georgia without a map ? Do you know where South Ossetia is without looking at a map ? I do n't . Imagine reading about the important oil pipelines that run through that region from the Caspian Sea through Georgia and on to Turkey . I would n't be able to follow that without a map.I have been through this before . I am a tax expert by profession . 20 years ago , serious tax practitioners needed a room full of books . Gradually these books were converted to electronic format . At first the publishers had a cavalier attitude about the data conversion . If charts and graphs and tabular presentations of numbers did n't convert well or conveniently , they were unconcerned . Eventually the publishers were disabused of their casual attitudes by their customers who were unwilling to put up with that sort of nonsense . This same thing will happen with Kindle , or as an alternative , Kindle will be relegated to the casual reader.Great concept . When you get it working , please let me know.The solution seems obvious . Amazon must create and enforce a data conversion standard . If you leave it up to the publishers , they will take the easy road every time .
 I wrote a review of the Kindle back in March of 2008 , soon after I bought my first one . At that time I was totally enthusiastic and named the review `` Why You Should Buy Amazon 's Kindle Book Reader . '' The text of that original article appears below.Since then that first Kindle broke . Then the replacement broke . Then the replacement of the replacement broke . In each case , there was no physical damage . The screen simply froze with an afterimage that obscured the display of any new text . Telephone support was prompt to answer my call and did not sound surprised when they heard about the problem . But they had no solution , other than replacing the device . I have run out of patience . I now use a Nook instead.Richard Seltzer , B&R ; Samizdat ExpressKindle
 Um ... for me to buy this product , I would want to use it every day . I read all the time , but I read books lent to me , I get books from the library , I buy used books and now and then I buy a new book . This product assumes I would always buy new - and always from the same place . I think you need a Netflix type model here rather than a store model . And really , I would n't OWN the book at that price , nor would I be able to share it . Sharing books is half the fun !
 Only fools will pay $ 400 for 256MB storage and a black and white screen ? I would be willing to play the concept toy if it is marketed at $ 39.99 . The future of e-book should be able to embrace multimedia and Internet . Otherwise , forget it !
 Let me start out by saying this has great potential . Potential of course being relative to the fact that you should come back and look at the Kindle when it has the ability to play music and video and significantly comes down in price . I received this as a gift and took a really , really hard look at the utility of this device and looked at every possible way I could enjoy it . After weeks of trying , I came to the unfortunate conclusion that the only person this is good for is , `` A retiree who drives around the U.S. in an RV . '' Seriously , this has little to no utility for anybody else and here 's why :1 -RRB- If you love books and/or collect books , the answer is obvious , you do n't want the Kindle .2 -RRB- If you read a great book that you would like to share and lend it to a friend , you do n't want the Kindle ; unless of course your friend is such a good firend that you 're okay with them having your $ 400 book .3 -RRB- If you want to take this to the beach or pool to enjoy your book , you do n't want the Kindle . Unless of course you have $ 400 to buy a new one when yours gets wet or stolen .4 -RRB- If you want to enjoy books at home and have young children around , make sure you keep an eye out so they do n't get a hold of this and destroy it ; you do n't want the Kindle ; replacing a book is only $ 24.5 -RRB- If you want to use the internet , watch a DVD , play CD 's , or listen to other digital media , INCLUDING BOOKS , you do n't want the Kindle .6 -RRB- If you 're a business traveler and somehow find time to read , YOU HAVE YOUR LAPTOP , you do n't want the Kindle.The bottom line is this ; the Kindle has a looooong way to go before it has any significant utility for most people . Until then , if you 're heading into or are retired , just bought that RV getting ready to hit the open road , go ahead and get the Kindle because you 'll have plenty of time to read from it and a secure place to store it .
 I was cheated by Amazon.com I bought the reader with my international credit card and int . address they gave me no problems there but when I received it and tried to download e-books off the site they said that because of int . laws and rights I could n't download the e-books ! and no other e-books can be read on this stupid device!I 've been had!Lorenzo
 Do n't assume that Amazon provides the kind of tech support service you might receive from Dell or another reputable technology company . They apparently are n't set up that way . I 'm on the second day of owning my Kindle . I have a problem and they are telling me it might be tomorrow -LRB- ??!! -RRB- before they can get back to me with any resolution . It 's 8:35 a.m. and I have to wait for up to 24-36 hours for a resolution or a return email?Here 's my problem
 Can someone please explain why something this expensive does n't have a backlight to read at night ? So much for reading in bed or on a plane without having to have a light source . I plan on returning mine . Some of you `` greatest thing since sliced bread '' people need to get a life when commenting on negative reviews . I hate to tell you but it does have shortfalls !!
 Most reviews overemphasize the cost of the device . Its the books that are the main rip-off , however . Digital books are reproduced at minimal cost compared to paper books yet Amazon is charging basically the same price for a digital book as for the same paper one . I suggest everyone avoid Kindle until the bugs are worked out , the cost is well under $ 200 , a backllight is provided and most importantly : SLASH THE COST OF DIGITAL BOOKS , CUT OUT THE RIP-OFF PROFITS !!! Charles Michael
 First look - GoodSecond look @Features - hmmThird look @Price - OH NO !!! Yes , In this economy , this price is tooo high . Bring it down to 250 / - and there will be lot of Customers in line.Give another option for non-wireless device for 180 / - or 200 / - . So . . Ultimately , i am waiting for Amazon 's competitor to get me a similar product for teh same price or have amazon sell me at the price that is demanding . Whichever comes first !!!
 I bought a kindle and anxiously awaited its arrival and then to my great disappointment ... it was just not for me . I found the lag between page turns distracting and frustrating during reading . It did not download purchased items within minutes ... . or even hours ... I finally had to use the usb cord hooked to my laptop to download the books i purchased . Also there was no light for night reading ... I enjoy reading in bed long after my husband has gone to sleep and do n't like to be rude by leaving a bedside lamp on . Kindle may have its big fan but as an avid reader it did not meet my needs at all .
 I recieved a Kindle as a Christmas gift from my wife and at first I thought it was a cool idea . I researched the Kindle and discovered that if you want to down load material on the Kindle you have to basicaly run it through Amazon in one form or another . Naturaly you have to pay for this service even if its already on your computer or if you purchased it from somewhere else . I thought that policy was a bit greedy so I decided to return it . I never used the device and was told that I would have to pay a 20 % restocking fee amounting to about $ 65.00 need I say more . Greedazon you need to take care of your customers not rip them off .
 Amazon has a lot of books . It does n't have every book . If I have a pdf , a txt , something , anything , I want to be able to read it on my book reader . If I used Kindle , would I have to have two readers ? one for amazon stuff and one for everything else ? I do n't understand - I 'm paying 400 $ for a book reader , why ca n't I read my books on it ?
 If I was wearing checkered Vans , listening to Huey Lewis and watching Fast Times ... there is an outside chance that I might have been interested in this . I 've used e-ink displays while living in Japan ; other than good contrast , I do n't see any point in getting this . Get an old PDA and upload a few e-books ... do n't waste your money on ancient technology rehashed as something `` new and fantastic ! '' . This or an iPhone , iPod Touch or even a cheap laptop ... no contest . If you want to read a book ... GET A BOOK !
 I purchased a Kindle for my daughter for her birthday . The Kindle was on backorder for 2 months , when it did arrived the screen was cracked in half . Amazon gave me a hard time in returning it for another one and it was clearly defective . I wish I would have bought a different e-reader for her .
 I really feel $ 100 would be fair for this item . Electronic paper is not new , in fact the really new electronic paper now displays color and is being used in cell phones as well as other things I saw at an electronic show.My main thing is that this is a proprietary piece that I will have to use to download books and read them on . So Amazon will make their money from me.Making it so expensive has kept me from buying Sony 's and now Amazons reader . Although it would be great as it would help me to clear out large expanses of my book library that I now have -LRB- honestly , how often do you re-read the majority of your books -RRB- . So I would lover that.I see this being a great thing for students in the future and all their text books being cheap to produce as they just download it to their reader . -LRB- College folk ... are you reading this ? -RRB- . OK enough about a review that may never be seen.I will wait for it to come down in price and probably a next genration .
 It is unfortunate that Amazon is selling a product that only uses proprietary files . The ability to read and learn is what has advanced mankind . Now Amazon wants a monopoly on what we can read on a device we own . Why can the Kindle on read proprietary files ? What if I have other eBooks or other files -LRB- I have 100s of pdf files that are loaded with knowledge -RRB- ? Why sell us a $ 400 product that can only be used for files only Amazon sells ? I liken this to a monopoly . Please Amazon , open this up ! You have the potential to have a great product , but you restrict its usability severely.I think it is interesting that the only people who are giving this 5 stars are the ones who are somehow involved with this project .
 I just want to add my voice to many others . The idea of a $ 400 machine -LRB- let 's not play games -RRB- to read a book is absurd . So , a reader now has to pay $ 10 for the file instead of $ 16 -LRB- paperback -RRB- to $ 25 -LRB- hardback -RRB- for the book on Amazon.com . Take the average of that difference and divide it into $ 400 -- 40 . That means that the so-called savings would acrue over 40 books -- without the convenience of a book.Ah , yes , the convenience . I think that this concept is waiting for the further development of an organic LCD screen that is light and similar in feel to a book.Other reviewers are right about the print industry , too . They may cooperate to appear forward-looking , but I know most of them must hate the idea of electronic books.Finally , if this is going to be accepted , this proprietary file business has to be ditched . Why not cooperate with Sony?I have n't read every comment here , but I think the 2.5 star rating is generous , based upon what I have read.But ... I have been wrong before . It 's going to be a long , tough road to acceptance of this , however . ----------------------------- Updated 3 . August 2011Well , they have hit the mark with the new Kindle Fire . I will be giving this a try . I am already reading books on my Droid , so this is just a step further .
 I would have given it more stars but for the annoyance of hitting the page turning keys when trying to hold it like a book . There is very little space to hold it without turning a page accidentally . The page turning keys should be smaller , allowing you to hold it comfortably on the sides without triggering the page turn . The typewriter keypad -LRB- which I seldom use -RRB- should be concealed slip-out keypad like with the new cellphones , getting it out of the way and providing more room for holding it and more screen room . There is no back-lighting which should be optional -LRB- a switch to turn it on and off -RRB- . Related to this is the annoyance of trying to turn it off and on . That off/on switch should be on the front , NOT the BACK of the unit . I have to take off the leather cover and then I accidentally dislodge the plastic housing which I must then replace before turning it off . The leather cover is too loose fitting and falls off occasionally due to the poor quality velcro gripper.SUMMARY
 Do n't believe that video where they show the Kindle being dropped and all is okay . I dropped mine about 2 ' onto a carpet and now I have a broken Kindle . It is as if the printer cartridge exploded . Customer Service to Kindle says ` sorry ' , not under warranty as I broke it . That 's fine ... I would pay to have it fixed as it was my fault . However , they say they do not offer any repair for Kindles at this time and provide a link for buying a new Kindle.Wrap it in bubble paper , people . .
 I can see myself owning Kindle at some point in time , but I do n't see it happening with version 1 unless some items are cleared up . I really want to think highly of this product , but I have some real issues.My reasons are as follows : - At $ 9.99 for New Releases & Best Sellers -LRB- unless otherwise noted , of course -RRB- the Kindle is fabulous , but while browsing Amazon - most of the books that I 'm interested in at this time are n't exactly hot-off-the-press releases and are generally around the same price as a hard copy . For instance , I like computer programming books - but at over $ 30 for some of them and maybe only $ 3 difference -LRB- give or take -RRB- , at the current price of Kindle Books , I could n't see recouping my investment in this product for a VERY LONG TIME - like 133 books later - if even then ... - I live in a rural area and to use Sprint is roaming . Amazon states that the wireless is included - but read further down and you 'll see that you may not be in the coverage area . I 'm not and it appears that there 's a significant amount of white space on the coverage area map -LRB- white means no coverage - green means coverage ... as an additional note . . some of the highways are also in green - so do n't let that trick you -RRB- . So while I never have to locate a `` hot spot '' as the marketing points out , apparently I do have to locate an EVDO network some 30 minutes away . For me - in my area , a hot spot would 've been easier to find . Including Wifi as a backup just seems like common sense to me.Those are two of my main concerns . While there are others , the above would be deal breakers for me . Perhaps within a few months to a year , things will change , but I just ca n't invest in ths product at this time given the above concerns . But Amazon , I am interested in a future e-book product , but lower the price of the unit itself and include Wifi next time . And then perhaps I can overlook the book pricing ...
 My husband bought me a Kindle for our anniversary . I had never heard of one and was a little leery , -LRB- I love books ! -RRB- , but started getting used to it after a week or so . I liked the instant gratification of ordering from Amazon and receiving the new reading material in minutes.I took the Kindle on our annual 2 week vacation on a lake . There was no wireless service there , and I needed to drive into town whenever I wanted to order a new book . One morning , I went down to the lakefront to sit and read a novel I had recently ordered and was really getting into . As I went to sit in my chair , the Kindle slipped out of its cover and fell onto the beach . It probably fell from about 2 feet , but it definitely did not bounce . The screen hit a small stone , shattered , and is now completely unusable . The warranty states that it does not apply to `` accidents . '' This `` accident '' never would have occurred with a book . I owned the kindle for less than a month . What a terrible waste!In this economy , does anyone need such a frivolous gadget that breaks so easily?I am very disappointed in Amazon and in this product .
 I was first turned cold on Kindle when I learned I could n't buy one from Australia . This may have changed but the business model has n't . Once I learned that I could never truly own the works I bought for Kindle -LRB- thank you Mr Orwell for the delightfully apropos demonstration -RRB- , Kindle was off my list forever .
 I could not agree more with the 5-star reviews about the superlative technological impact that Kindle can provide to the daily lives of avid Readers , and I will not expand more on that technology - my favorite topic.Rather , I think it is vitally important to note that reading at night beside a partner or in a shared dorm/hotel room , in any low light , or in a vehicle where the driver is disadvantaged by a Reader 's light , are constant , serious , challenges for Readers that are absolutely not addressed by the Kindle . I see no evidence that they are addressed by the Kindle2 , either.Unbelievably , there is no backlight option on the Kindle , which I verified by calling Customer Support . I gave my Kindle away and I am very , very disheartened that I will not be getting a Kindle2 , either.Although the form factor is substandard to the Kindle , I simply purchase and read electronic books on my PDA , where any number of software formats can be downloaded for free and matching books can be bought at comparable prices from a variety of sellers , including Amazon - - - AND THE BACKLIGHT IS OPTIONAL.Sadly , I can also highly recommend a certain wall light for over the bed , with two dimmable gooseneck lamps , called the ` Second Marriage ' lamp by George Kovacs.I hope the Kindle development team is listening , and I hope this information has helped consumers to accept the Kindle back lighting deficiency before suffering the stupefying experience on the first night or first trip with a new Kindle !
 OK , I have to admit this is a great idea and all . But $ 400 dollars ? honestly is not a very smart way to sell this . Amazon should try to sell it cheap and make money off the services . I will pay at most $ 100 for this unit . The technology of this thing is not worth $ 400 ... -LRB- for that price is a iphone or a very decent GPS -RRB-
 So , for over $ 300 you 're getting an LCD screen with an interface that does n't do half of what a cheap laptop computer can do . Do n't get me wrong
 My rating concerns the Amazon Kindle department and not the actual item . DO NOT ORDER THIS ITEM IF YOU NEED IT IMMEDIATELY . I purchased this item on July 3 and paid extra for the 2 day delivery guaranteed by July 8 . The item never even left the Kindle department until July 8 , even though Amazon sent me an email on July 5 stating that item had left the facility and was in transit . No one from the Kindle could even provide a reason as to why . No one could even explain why they would send me an email saying the item had been shipped vis UPS on July 5 when it did not actually leave until July 8 . The Kindle itself is a great item , but make sure you have plenty of time before you need it .
 Kindle 1.0 -LRB- = $ 399 -RRB- is too expensive.Please change it to subscription model like cell phone plan.e.g . $ 20/month * 24-month contract commitment = $ 480which includes 10 eBooks to be downloaded.If you change it to subscription plan , my wife may let me get it.Or i may wait until Apple provides something similar ...
 $ 400 for grayscale ? And just 4-level grayscale at that ? I guess this will not handle any books with color images , or even the color book covers ! And not handle any full grayscale photographs . I was back at this resolution in 1984 , with my first Macintosh Plus computer . POOR showing , Amazon . I 'm waiting for the soon-to-be-announced FULL COLOR handheld by APPLE . Even the iPhone blows away this hideous Amazon contraption .
 It has the capability . The keyboard ... heck , it even saves memos . Why not more than a footnote ? I expected something for the price , even if it uses notepad , not word . Honestly , a PDA does more than this . And as much as I dislike Apple , they seriously need to consult a real design group . Many people buy Apple products because they 're pretty . Hence , the same people will not buy this because its freaking hideous .
 I would like to have easy access to books and newspapers . But at $ 350 the commitment is too expensive . Why ca n't we have the product at an affordable price of $ 99 or even $ 49 ? If the Kindle is as good and useful as the reviews say , I think I would make up for the special price by buying a lot of books and papers . Similar to what AT&T did for the iPhone and Microsoft for the Xbox .
 I was excited to receive my Kindle . Being able to browse , download samples and receive purchase immediately is great . I was disappointed to learn that I could n't load any ebooks from my computer , and had to pay for translation services and download my personal documents through Amazon . I may be a klutz , but I found the device too hard to handle . I could n't turn it on without losing the cover , I flipped pages trying to put the cover back and everytime I had to handle it , and I found I could read a page much faster than it would turn a page , which became frustrating . I wish I had a paper copy of the book I downloaded , because now it is gone .
 Having several wireless/cell providers in our area , we never thought to check the `` coverage area '' of the provider of wireless services for the Kindle . We could not download from our home 2 miles from town , nor in town , was it a strong signal . So , before buying check that out .
 Kindle keeps falling out of the leather cover . Why bother with cover ? Not enough room on face of Kindle to hold without accidently touching the Next or Back page button . Have had hand cramps trying to be careful where my fingers were placed . With a paper book I could at least put my thumb between pages to hold the book securely .
 Given that the Kindle , Amazon 's new electronic reader , rolled out just before Christmas , I thought it might have some buzz about it , despite its $ 399 price tag.I have n't seen much -LRB- any -RRB- and as an early adopter , I thought I 'd pass on some feedback.Imagine the iPOD -LRB- or remember when it was -RRB- being sold with limited downloadable songs available . In the early days of iTunes , that was the case , but the iPod also had the capability to let you rip your CDs into the player , making your existing collection portable . Without this feature , the early iPods would have been expensive paperweights.And , speaking of expensive paperweights , I bring you the Kindle . The Kindle relies on the ability to download e-books and claims a library of nearly 100,000 titles . The usability factor gets a zero out of 100,000 . First , though , let me say that the unit is cool enough . I think everything about it technically is fine and the concept of building the wireless into the price of the unit and the downloads is pretty forward-thinking . Amazon , after all , realized that shipping is built into the price of anything you buy at retail stores , so a comparable bottom line price that includes shipping is attractive to online buyers . I think they 've kind of done the same thing with the wireless service in the Kindle . I have no complaints about the device itself.It seems to me that the value of the Kindle is when its mobile . Say , on a business trip you see a new release in the airport for $ 24.99 . You whip out your lightweight Kindle , type in the title , and download it for $ 9.99 , just as advertised . No lugging of the book and you saved money , too . Further , I would think that business readers would be a prime first-mover segment for the Kindle . Let 's face it -- smart phones and gadgets are the business traveler 's manly version of the Coach handbag.After charging my Kindle , I typed in a current release -LRB- an October release from Harvard Business Press -RRB- . Umm , no , not available . I typed in another . Nope . A third , no . A fourth , no again.I thought maybe I was wrong , that these titles were n't yet available . I 'd been stockpiling some titles in anticipation of the Kindle so I could load up for an upcoming trip.I went to Amazon.com and all four titles were available in their store . I typed in the title of an elections-related book , out in 2006 , into the Kindle and got nothing . Again , it was at the Amazon store.So , I went back and re-watched the video on amazon.com and I verify that they have more than 80,000 books , BLOGS , and NEWSPAPERS , and I have to assume right now that that 's 0 books , and 80,000 blogs and newspapers . Or , maybe 1 book and 79,999 blogs and newspapers.The video goes on to say that New York Times Bestsellers and most new releases are $ 9.99 or less . Well , new releases were a strike out , so I go for a book issued in 2004 . Aptly titled , `` Seeing What 's Next , '' it sells for $ 26.36 . GREAT ! That 's only $ 4.61 more than I can buy it with free shipping from Amazon 's website.Jeff Bezos proudly showed off the Kindle in a video on the website . He 's a smart guy and I bet he does a bit of reading . I really have to wonder if he actually used the Kindle before he shot the video . I just ca n't believe he would have beamed like the 2007 version of the iPod-toting Steve Jobs if he knew how useless the device was.I emailed the kindle feeback address at Amazon and got the typical response you would expect ... we are adding more titles daily , tell us specific title recommendations -LRB- which I did in the initial email -RRB- , etc. . All in all , the Kindle , I 'm sure , will go down as a stupid thing for which I spent money . It 's sad that for every Slingbox , you have to kiss a few Kindles , but that 's what has happened.I think the whole experience is , well , bad , but I thought the post was worth relaying for a couple of other reasons . First , I have n't seen much written about the Kindle except in the Wall Street Journal and a couple of other columns and I thought you might want some insight . Second , I think this experience speaks volumes -LRB- pun intended , because there are n't many volumes with the Kindle -RRB- about a tremendous distribution gaffe by a company that kind of invented Internet retail distribution in the 21st century.Amazon seems more intent on distributing the Kindle than someone actually using it . That seems so unlike Amazon . There will be some post-mortens written about the E-Readers -LRB- Amazon 's , Sony 's , and others -RRB- and I 'm sure Amazon 's will go down as a dud . The epitaph may speak to poor technology but , like companies find in the non-Internet world , it really will be because of poor execution.Kindle
 great concept !!! wanted to love it . ca n't stand the black screen every time i change the page .
 Ebooks are the wave of the future . I 'm glad to see Amazon 's reader if only because it will get people used to ebooks . But this product has a few wrong-headed concepts . First , the price is ridiculous . For $ 399 you can get a Treo 680 , load hundreds of ebooks onto a SDHC card , and also use it as a computer , email client , game player , PDA , and MP3 player . PLUS , and this is critical -- the 680 is small enough to hold in one hand comfortably , and to have on you all the time . Portability is a key to an ebook reader IMHO . A 680 is just big enough -- and not too small . You can read it easily , but you can always have it with you . You 're sitting someplace and bored -- pull it out and read a chapter . The last thing you need is another device to pack or carry , however . If you want an ebook reader -- get a multi-purpose device that can you put in your pocket .
 It was great to see this fantastic device Amazon have just made . By most accountsthis device will be an amazing and revolutionary replacement to the book.It will give a person freedom to read whatever they what , wherever they want , and enable them to carry an inexhaustible amount of reading material with them wherever they go.Unfortunately , having read the small print on your rights as an owner of this device I can not buy one . Why ? Because this device will actually restrict my freedom to read , and will compromise my privacy.It boils down to a couple of things.Firstly , when I buy a kindle book , I will not really own the digital copy I have payed for . By this I mean that I will have very little freedom with what I can do with the book . For example , I can not read the file anywhere but on my kindle . I can not transfer it to my wife or children 's kindles . In comparison to a book I have very little freedom over what I can do with the book - in short , I can read it on my own personal kindle and that 's it.Secondly , Amazon has installed software that records what I am reading and when I am reading it and sends this information back to Amazon . I really do n't see why Amazon should know what books I am reading and when . They will know what I have bought anyway , as I have to buy kindle books through them - why should they know that I read book such-and-such for 2 hours at 1 am last night etc. etc. . It starts to feel like something out of George Orwell 's 1984 . I presume that apart from marketing , the reason is to detect if you are abiding by Amazons terms and conditions . If you are not -LRB- for example , if I did figure out a way of sharing the kindle book I bought with my wife on her kindle -RRB- this spy-ware will detect it and Amazon can then cancel your Kindle service -LRB- you will also lose access to all the books you have read -RRB- . I really do not like the idea that Amazon could suddenly remove access to my whole reading collection that I might build up over several years.While I understand that Amazon and book publishers in general need to protect themselves from illegal copying of their books , I feel that the way they have made the Kindle and the way the terms and conditions of this product are written takes away the users rights and also their privacy . Until these things change I will -LRB- sadly -RRB- have to stick to conventional books.What a shame.Here is a quote directly from Amazons terms and conditions for the kindle `` Information Received . The Device Software will provide Amazon with data about your Device and its interaction with the Service -LRB- such as available memory , up-time , log files and signal strength -RRB- and information related to the content on your Device and your use of it -LRB- such as automatic bookmarking of the last page read and content deletions from the Device -RRB- . Annotations , bookmarks , notes , highlights , or similar markings you make in your Device are backed up through the Service . Information we receive is subject to the Amazon.com Privacy Notice . `` I would also recommend visiting the following website relating to the direction the Kindle 's terms and conditions is leading us and how our right to read will be affected in future generations -LRB- and perhaps even this one -RRB- : http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/right-to-read.html
 I was in love with this device , but then I had an accident . I was rerading my Kindle in Starbucks , someone bumped my table , my coffee spilled a little on the table , the liquid wicked up into the Kindle -- the Kindle is now history . How big a spill ? My iPhone was on the table next to it and nothing happened to it . Then I called customer service . Yes , they have repairs -- $ 180.00 plus shipping and handling ! On a device that I had for less than 2 months that cost me $ 400 ! They are out of their minds with this -- this device has a fatal flaw , and they charge half as musch to repair the device . As lthough the enigneers that built it could n't forsee that a Kindle would ever be left open in it 's case on a table , and that it could come in contact with fluid on a table top . Even a better designed case would have prevented this from happening . It may pass the drop test , but unless you never expect to put the Kindle down or do n't expect to tote the device in a backpack with a water bottle , do n't buy this poorly-designed device . There are other devices out there that do n't force you to be married to Amazon.com , and I intend to get one of those as a replacement.Incidentally , according to a friend at Apple , their iPhone is engineered to survive being accidentally left in a pocket and put through a wash cycle , and they survive so it is possible to engineer a reading device that does n't die this easily . I just wish I had my $ 400 back .
 First it 's 400 bucks ... way too much ... But , it has the free internet connection , great ? right ? but you got ta use it to buy from AMAZON and AMAZON only . Wan na load up your own file ? pay up $ 0.10 per pop . why?Frankly , I do n't want the EV-DO connection . I 'll just add the content by connecting to my PC , like I do with iPod . Just let me add my own text , doc , pdf to the device . Just as iTunes , lets me add my own DRM free mp3 files to my device , let me do the same with my doc and pdf.This could have been so much more than what it is ... Wonderful first generation hardware pooly executed at it 's delivery and marketing.Oh . . one more thing ... If you give away digital copy of the kindle book with a print copy , that will really sweeten the book buying from AMAZON over any other places , say ... Barns and Noble . But ... . you guys will never see the point of what consumers see ... so sad . .
 A girlfriend of mine had this item shipped to a friend in the States , brought it back to Canada , and then realized she could n't download any books unless she could pay with a US credit card . -LRB- Oddly enough , they were able to detect that her credit card came from Canada -RRB- So , she sadly had to ship it back to the States , and then her friend had to ship it back to Amazon.I 'm not sure what the logistics are or why you 're not able to use this item in Canada , but Amazon is just shooting themselves in the foot by limiting their customers to just the US.Doesn ' t make a whole lot of sense , does it ?
 This is the way I always thought we would be reading books and newspapers in the 21st century.But -- huge but -- if you 're going to make money from subscriptions and purchases it wo n't work if you also have such a jacked up price for the unit . Either everything is free forever -LRB- yeah right -RRB- and you make $ 400 from the hardware , or you go smart , make the unity $ 49 and then make the money from the software . Which is the way to go.As much as this fulfils a dream of mine , this unit -- I do n't care if I wait until 2020 , but I will not buy one until it becomes affordable .
 This thing needs a back-light !!! You ca n't read in bed without a book light . which is silly considering how much it costs . It also needs a color screen for viewing book cover , illustrations , and web pages . I also found it hard to hold upright without hitting the right-page button . I returned mine and will wait for the second generation Kindle to hopefully correct these simple , but glaring issues .
 With all of the recent reports of the entertainment industry finally starting to `` get '' that DRM is not worth the cost and a general move -LRB- or at least discussion -RRB- towards openness , Amazon 's announcement of drm-infested product in a closed system kinda ticked me off . Well , to be honest , I 'm an anti-drm zealot so I was actually pretty mad . But I 've had a bit of time to cool down and I actually think this is a bad product and service that will beget better products and services in the not too distant future . The device will come down in price . The DRM will be hacked so books can be used on other devices . The device will be improved . People will start to prefer ebooks to physical books and publishers will begin to oblige readers . So , while I wo n't be buying Kindle 1.0 , I will very likely buy 1.5 or a cheap -LRB- er -RRB- knockoff .
 This was a carefully chosen gift for me from my DH , and knowing how much time , effort and cash he put into it , I did my damndest to like the Kindle . It was not to be . I like books too much - being able to hold them , page through them , refer back to maps on the endpapers and details I thought I missed a few pages ago , to pore over illustrations - it just is n't the same with the Kindle , and in the case of maps on endpaper - it 's impossible . Ditto if your illustration runs over onto another page - you 're only able to view one page at a time . I also like to have the option to re-sell , donate , or loan out my books , and with the Kindle , this too is impossible as far as I can see . The cost to download books and magazines is pretty steep - my local library is free.I wondered , too , why there is no backlight feature on the Kindle . I realize that it 's probably to conserve battery power , but it would be very helpful in less than ideal lighting conditions.And , having rec 'd it as a gift , I was unaware of the 30 day return policy and am now stuck with the damn thing , unless I manage to sell it on craigslist .
 I bought the Kindle with such high hopes and to a certain extent , it has delivered . But its performance has been VERY uneven . A few points for you who are considering it :1 . screen should be paper white , but is in fact gray , and brightness is n't adjustable . Hard to see except in bright reading light .2 . Reception on the Whispernet -LRB- Amazon 's propietary wi-fi delivery system -RRB- VERY spotty . I get the NY Times delivered daily -LRB- supposedly -RRB- to the Kindle , and often it does n't come either cause I 'm in a dead spot -LRB- like all of Western Massachusetts -RRB- or for no good reason even when I 'm in NY .3 . It freezes up even when the battery is still over half charged and nothing can be done to reset it . VERY FRUSTRATING.Happy to be an early adopter , and the fact that I travel a lot makes Kindle very convenient . But there are still MANY kinks to iron out .
 I bought a Kindle in March 2008 and it worked reasonably well . However , the battery failed in September 2008 and I have n't been able to get a replacemet battery . Web blogs indicate that this is a widespread problem , but Amazon has n't solved it . No other supplier has any batteries . So , I have an expensive device that does n't work . I view this as a disaster . I marked this product one star only because I could n't mark it zero stars . Do not buy this junk !
 Apparently I live too far out in the country to be able to use the Kindle . I had to drive 13 miles from my home to even get a weak signal . I bought the product so that I could buy books from home , at my leisure , but if I have to get in the car and drive over 13 miles just to download a book , it really is n't worth it . I returned it 2 days after I got it . I was very disappointed because I am an avid reader and thought this product would be perfect for me .
 After watching the Oprah show I was very excited to order the Kindle . I am an avid reader and just knew that this would be money well spent and the perfect item for me . I live in Southeast Idaho and when I received the Kindle I was extremely disappointed to learn that although my T-mobile cell phone gets 5 bars at my home the Kindle gets nothing . I tried when I went into the next town over that has a fairly large population still no signal from the Kindle . I called tech support and complained only to find out that I am not in the `` whispernet '' cell phone tower areas . This is mentioned as he pointed out - in the fine print at the very bottom of the description and only mention that you need to check to see service areas . Sprint works in my area but apparently not on their own towers . How was I to know . Now I am left with a device I really like but have to download from my computer and can only use the reading function . All the fun stuff they mention like Wikipedia ... nope not in my future . I think this should have been mentioned before purchase and I think that it is unfair to pay such an amount for only being able to use a fraction of its purpose .
 I ended up sending my kindle back b/c I was n't aware that all the authors were not part of the kindle and 2 of my favorites were not included . I 'll wait .
 I love it ! My only problem is whenever I touch it , I change the page . It would be helpful to have more space at the top and sides where you can handle it without touching any buttons .
 It looks like a calculator from the 80 's ... Texas Instruments maybe ? Consult Apple -LRB- tm -RRB- about product design .
 Wait a few years : # 1 Too expensive . A cheap laptop with far more capability is only $ 100 more . # 2 Too few of the books are ones I want to read . The situation is similar to cable TV
 The coverage for Kindle is very sketchy . Nothing even close to my area . If you purchase one and then want to use it for traveling , you may be out of luck .
 I am currently trying out the SF Chronicle subscription . I was at Salt Lake City yesterday thinking that I can now read my local paper when I am out of town on business . Salt Lake City -LRB- downtown -RRB- does not have Wireless signal at all . It 's hard for me to believe . I do n't know maybe it 's just yesterday . When I got to the SLC airport at 7pm returning to Oakland , the wireless signal was on and I can access the store , but the Wednesday Chronicle was still not downloaded . When I got home finally , I turn on the wireless , the paper was immediately downloaded . Anyone has been able to download their paper out of town ?
 I prefer the joy of flipping pages of real physical book.sick of digital .
 Cheap . Badly designed . Difficult to use . Compare your item with the quality that is inherent in the IPhone . You tried to save money and it shows .
 I think this is probably a great product . Unfortunately , they chose to have it made in China , even though it is only available for sale in the U.S.
 Amazon will not tell you that they are having inventory issues until after they take your money . I would also recommend using upgrade shipping as Amazon feels the United States Postal Service is perfectly suited to deliver a $ 350.00 electronic device . I would love to rate the performance of the Kindle if Amazon could ever tell me the estimated availability and shipping date . If this is a gift be sure to order a month in advance or they will not hit the date . In addition they give the USPS a five day window beyond the estimated date to find and or try to deliver the item . Very disappointed with the execution after payment especially during this period in our economy - one would think Amazon would have their act together when people are willing to spend $ 350.00 on a product .
 A while ago , I helped my son with a reading presentation for school . We found several surprising statistics :1 . about 60 % of high school graduates never read another book in their lifetime .2 . about 40 % of college graduates never read another book in their lifetime .3 . Most US families have not been in a bookstore in the last 5 years .4 . The average book purchased is never read beyond page 17 . What chance is there that the Kindle will be a commercial success when it ca n't even produce color pictures ? At least magazines have color and might be a good use for a Kindle like device .
 While it is displayed in bold letters as part of the ad and product page , it ca n't be assumed as it is implied
 This is not worth the hassle if needing to be returned . I returned one on the 20th of Aug as it was a win but the 2nd one I had won , making it as a `` GIFT RETURN '' . I went thru the right steps to return it , going thru the Kindle dept and telling them it was a gift return and writing it on the label PROVIDED TO ME by Amazon.com for UPS . Sent it back , it was signed for on 8-26-08 and supposedly the gift cert is issued in 3-5 days . Well , nothing . They have put in a ticket supposedly , but I have gotten nothing but the run around from Amazon.com . I have had every excuse under the sun . Kindle 's must be inspected -LRB- not an issue since it was NEVER opened -RRB- , any excuse you can think of . I even call and asked for the corporate number and was refused it but I found it myself . I called and they said they were transferring me to the Cust Ser Specialist , the highest escalation , in Seattle , I was transferred to the reg cust service dept in WV . I was also guaranteed the website I won it from would not know I returned it and guess what ? It appears they gave them the credit on their cc even though it had been marked as a gift return and everything done correctly on my part . I have been an Amazon.com customer for many , many years and will NEVER buy from them again . I believe the Kindle was a good idea but because of their incompetence , it is not worth the chance of getting a product that can only be handled online . I would definitely not recommend this in case you do have problems . I hope Jeff Bezos realizes he is really hurting his business with the customer service attitudes and being refused the ability to talk to a supervisor or anything and I do mean I was REFUSED the option of talking to a supervisor . This company needs to get their act together because they obviously have lost the great customer service they once had . Is it any wonder that sales had gone down at one point and that people are writing stories all over the net about the very poor customer service now ? I think not . Jeff Bezos should be ashamed of how this has turned out .
 I used a highlighter on the screen to mark my favorite passage in the book , but all it did was muck up the screen . Now lines 3 through 17 are always highlighted . I mean , I like the book , but not enough to highlight the whole thing , am I right ? I tried rinsing off the highlighter marks with some dish soap and a scrubbing sponge , but this just scratched the screen and blurred the highlighted section . My wife suggested using the dishwasher , so I put it on the top rack -LRB- I would n't put a $ 400 piece of equipment on the bottom rack , duh ! -RRB- . I do n't think the Kindle is dishwasher safe . All of my pages are smudged now and the forward and backward keys do n't work . I 've been reading the same passage for a few hours now , and let me tell you , it get 's pretty boring.I tried to connect wirelessly to Wikipedia to find out how to wash the screen but everytime I turn on the Kindle , it just beeps and shows me the same page of the same book . I tried plugging it in to the socket because I thought it had a low battery , but I misplaced the charger . I rigged up a coat hanger and some wires though . It seems to work , because now the Kindle is getting very warm.I hope it works when I get back from the store !
 I have been wanting something like this for a couple of years but I must have a reader that can handle PDFs . This one can not so it is an absolute no go .
 I would assume that the price is so high because Amazon is paying for the evdo service . I honest do n't mind syncing a kindle to computer and I would never pay more than $ 100 for something I would only read on . Great it has no glareand it makes getting the books easy but no thanks .
 Looks terrible and unintuitive , sony 's version are much slicker , but far from perfect as well .
 If you are outside of the US , not only can you not download Kindle products via the wireless network but you are not even allowed to buy them to download via the Amazon website . It 's terrible !!!!!! Do n't even think of bringing it with you on holiday or a business trip .
 I do n't own one and never will at the current price . If Amazon really thought about it they should be selling the unit at a loss , say maybe $ 25 to $ 50 . They would sell a boat load overnight and make their money on the book end . Hey , just my humble opinion .
 The Kindle is an innovative new product that allows the user to purchase , read , and edit text from virtually anywhere . The design is sleek and operation is easy and user friendly . Blah , blah , blah.Not withstanding , out of a supposed 90,000 titles available , there seems to be very little worthwhile content available to download . Out of the first twenty books and periodicals I searched for , I got zero hits . What is available is a myriad of insipid garbage.The bottom line is this
 This was the funniest , AND MOST ACCURATE , quote I 've yet read . What a lame piece of equipment . Pay for blogs ? Um , yeah , right .
 If it was maybe $ 40 I 'd think about it ... but I already got a couple of good book readers right next to my ears . Plus I 'd much rather support used book store than go electronic .
 When I first checked out this item , I thought `` Cool ! '' buy a membership , then they give you the device to view newspapers , magazines , etc. ... $ 400 !!! I have an 80 gig ipod that plays music , movies , TV shows , podcasts and audio books and that costs me $ 400 !! This thing is just a digital reader ! So whats with the hefty price!Amazon better rethink this price fast ! Maybe people will buy it for the `` wow '' factor , but your never going to get the majority of people to buy a glorified PALM pilot !
 I can understand Amazon 's desire to maximixe profits but I ca n't help feeling that they are shooting themselves in the foot . I would be happy to buy a reader as long as I control what I read . Amazon deliberately makes it impossible for you to directly upload books from sources such as Project Gutenberg or to upload PDF documents . Imagine if Apple only allowed you to listen to its downloads from Istore and told you that you could n't listen to your MP3s from your CD collection ? I foresee competing readers in the near future that will eat Kindle 's lunch by allowing an open platform . Shortsighted on Bezos ' part .
 I think Amazon missed completely with this product.I have used my Pocket PC as a reading platform for years . While I would love the bigger screen of the Kindle , I would never trade access to my regular e-mail , access to my existing ebook library , PDA tools etc. etc. for a divergent device like the Kindle.Instead of getting into the -LRB- wrong -RRB- hardware business , Amazon should have gotten together with one of the companies that is already getting ebooks right.This will be a short lived piece of hardware and strand the ebook libraries of those who buy in .
 I am a student and I would find this device most useful for textbooks . I have no real need to search within pleasure-reading material , which is what most of your Kindle titles seem to be so far . Electronic versions of the fiction and non-fiction I read just for fun or for my own enlightenment does n't do me much good . A soft paperback is more comfortable to hold anyway . And I certainly would n't worry about carrying a cheap paperback to the beach like I would carrying a $ 400 Kindle to get wet , sandy and ruined!One of the better uses for this device is TEXTBOOKS . It would be great to be able to search within my textbooks for specific quotes that I can use in my research and thesis papers . Better than thumbing through page after paper page trying to find that great quote I read back at the beginning of the course but now ca n't find again ! So put more textbooks on this device and maybe I 'll get one!In addition to textbooks , the other best usage for this device is as a replacement for magazines and newspapers , which will cut down on paper waste , save trees , reduce carbon consumption , etc. . Yes , you can get today 's paper off the internet , but if you do n't have an iPhone yet to read the internet while in transit -LRB- or if you find it too hard to read that tiny screen -RRB- , the Kindle would allow you that instant download of today 's paper as you ride the train or bus to work or school.If down the road , the Kindle could evolve into a full-blown mini-laptop -LRB- with music & video player like regular laptops -RRB- in addition to being a book download device , then maybe it could replace laptops entirely.A final note
 The kindle is an innovative device and is very useful . The problem with it was Amazon 's design team 's lack of simplicity and style . Basically , the kindle is boring and ugly .
 The screen went out after reading just 1 book on the Kindle . Amazon kindly replaced it with no hassle , although everything I did on it was lost forever like the blocking off important information . The new one arrived , but it was not programmed for me so it has yet to be used almost a month later . Had I known I would lose all my important information due to faulty screens , I would n't have purchased it in the first place . It is nice but beware of screen problems .
 I live in Montana and there is no service for the Kindle here , something I did n't see in the fine print until delivery .
 i think people really need to think before they act when it comes to the amazon kindle . Everything these days has turned into technology and inspite of the fact that technology is great i think once books can be stored inside a `` machine '' thats scarey . People who truely enjoy reading enjoy turning pages , and the smell of book , and the weight of books . Books are the last aspect of leaving the readers imagination to finish and invision the story and with a thin electronic device i feel that takes away from the beauty of reading . Please dont purchase the amazon kindle , go to barnes and noble and buy the real thing
 Kindle is a good idea ... in principle . But think about the charm that comes with reading a book and turning the pages with your bare hands that will be lost by the use of a digital books . Could we even call great reads page turners anymore ? It 's doubtful.In a digital age , books seemed to be the one thing we could hold onto as something forever non-electronic . Think on that .
 Extensive testing of ebooks and kindle-related reading devices were heavily in the negative column by all ages of readers . 90 % of those tested do n't like reading off a screen . The industry will shove these down our throats anyway , and they will trot out the `` cost saver '' arguement for print and material . Do n't hold your breath on cheaper prices because of this . It all gets charged , just like all other downloaded information . Replacing tools with technology is great . Replacing art and experience with it is disaster for any culture . But it will happen , and I feel sorry for future generations living in a world of vicarious aesthetics .
 What 's next . Heralding this extremely costly item as important an invention as the Gutenberg press?We are in the midst of a recession . Amazon sells it 's `` Kindle '' device for nearly FOUR HUNDRED DOLLARS . Does Mr. Bezos understand what is happening in this country?What I see is another useless and overpriced electronic for people who have , or THINK THEY HAVE , lots of disposable income . And if they do n't have the nearly $ 400.00 , why there is always Mastercard , VISA , and American Express . And then they can worry about the cost later.Let 's look at the item itself . It stores only 200 books . As a biblophile , I can tell you that is one bookshelf in my home . Only one of dozens . Even the less literate of readers usually own more than 200 books.It will save trees , some argue . Trees are a replenishable commodity . A book will last for a hundred years or more once produced . Kindle is spare and takes up less room for those who embrace a Zen like lifestyle . True , but it robs a home of the grace and beauty that books give . One is also denied that pleasure during a sleepness night of perusing one 's library for something delicious to read and be lost in . The physicality of the pursuit of one book in hundreds and the joy of finding just that perfect midnight read . Of course Kindle offers a substitute in instaneous access to what you 've stored in the machine . Instaneous gratification . Like junk food.What Kindle does is also limit a reader 's horizon . By that I mean with Kindle most people will only store certain types of books . Gone is the challenge one meets in a bookstore , OR even online at Amazon with their referral system . The challenge to oneself to step outside one 's comfort zone and try a book on a subject one usually would not read.Kindle gives the reader access only to a certain number of books . One misses out on all the tremendous writing , current and past , that do n't make it to Kindle.All in all it is an attractive but essentially useless and expensive toy for the idle rich or those who think they are . While students might find it very useful for who wishes to haul around 40 pounds of textbooks , the rest of the reading public should stay with the tried and true.A real book with covers and pages . An adventure that beckons viscerally.Reading any book with Kindle is like having sex with a doll . Unreal and unsatisfying.Useful for students , a fun accessory for travelers . But like sex , nothing like the real thing.My advice , go buy a REAL BOOK and save your money . Especially these days.And shame on Jeff Bezos for coming up with this thing !
 The Kindel Reader being not available in Canada is a complete and totaly unfair . Please do something about this problem . I have been a loyal customer and this is the first time I have been so disappointed . despite my having to choose a rating of one star I really have to choose `` 0 '' . Brian Manuel
 I 'm not about to carry ANOTHER device around . I already have a MacBook Pro and an iPod ... when Amazon ends production and decides we already have enough devices to carry ... and ports this technology to the notebooks , iPods , iPhone and the slew of copycat devices or God forbid use existing technology like the Zinio Reader ... wake me ... otherwise ... * yawn * And yes ... I have typed on the iPhone . Anyone with 3rd grade or better dexterity can type on it . You learned to type on a QWERTY , use a dial phone , a touch-tone phone , a cell phone ... an iPod ... figure it out . .
 After much anticipation , I was extremely dissapointed . Although I grew up in the computer generation , if this is the future of book reading - leave me out !!
 I 'm trying to figure out what makes this thing better than a tablet PC.It would be great if this thing had a wi-fi enabled web browser , but it does n't . It would be great if this thing had a phone in it , but it does n't . In this day of iPhones and cell phones with integrated MP3 and web capability , this device seems a litte horse after the cart.It would be perfect for my elderly mother who loves to read , but has difficulty with the large print books she needs because of what they weigh . She does n't care about web browsing or email . Problem is , she is in the minority.I would buy this for my mother if it was like $ 250 , not $ 400 .
 What a stupid idea -- How do you lend a book to a friend?How do you touch and hold and electronic book -- Where are the aesthetics?How do you read a book that 's not on the list?Who would want this stupid thing ? Why would Amazon invest in this stupid thing ?
 The very fact that the content associated with this product is all DRM should be enough to make any self-respecting , tech-savvy booklover run away screaming.What were they thinking ?
 How can this outdated tech keep resurfacing every few years . People do not want to read books from a digital screen ! And to top all of this off , the books cost more money than if you just bought it in the store . Can someone please explain to me what the benefits of this is . For the price I would rather buy a phone that has good internet and splurge five bucks whenever I need a new book . FAILURE .
 Amazon please invest in the external design and develop a sleek cool looking product -LRB- of course without compromising functionality -RRB- . This is no ipod . People who liked the looks of the Ford Pinto will definatelly be buying this item . I can tell you , there is n't many of them .
 The whole idea is abominable to me . Do we not realize that by embracing this technology we are , in essence , ridding our lives of the what it feels like to hold , flip through , earmark , and SMELL a real live book ? For centuries our lives , our very cultures , have been marked by the ink and the paper . And now we , in the 21st century , are tossing it all away . Think about what our children 's and grandchildren 's lives witll be like in say , a few decades ? No books ! No paper ! No bookshelves ! No libraries ! Just computers . And what happens when , in a few years , your reading device breaks or wears out ? You lose your books ! Previously , books , real copies and original versions , have lasted for hundreds of years , but it is likely that your wireless download version will not be here a decade from now . Why ? Because digital technolgy wears out ! Think about it . If you buy a book at a bookstore , and you take care of that book , it can last you a lifetime . Even longer . But computers do n't last . They constantly wear out and become obsolete , thus forcing the need to buy new ones . As we begin down this path , eventually even original copies of books will be electronic . There will be no paper copies , no need for them . Everyone needs to read Linda Howard 's book KILLING TIME . It is a futuristic science fiction book about this very issue . And it is extremely inciteful . It ponders the question , what happens when everything becomes computerized and there are no paper documents and real books left ? Simple . Inevitably , history will be lost . History , our present day , may one day be The Dark Ages to our posterity , because digital technology does not last , and paper copies were not made ! All because we began one day deciding it would be so much cooler if we downloaded books on a wireless reading device instead of purchasing the real thing .
 Upfront , I have not purchased this product . When I first saw it I was excited . I 'm a student and have to read hundreds of pages of PDF journal articles each semester . I love books too much to replace them , but I 'm open to the idea of digital books for my studies . Anything has to be better than reading off laptop screens . However , this does n't support PDFs and the wireless network is n't available in my area . In a few generations when they realize the market of students and business people , sign me up . But for now I will continue to read off laptop screens .
 ` nough said . Books evolved with double sided pages for a reason . It creates two panes that fit the general contour of human heads , which have two eyeballs -LRB- usually -RRB- . Ribbon connections are legion in the electronics industry . Cell phones that flip open have an electronic ribbon connection for the top and bottom of the cell phone , for example . Clearly ribbon connections are robust . You should open a binder . On one page is one panel and on the opposite page is the other pane . Connecting them is a small ribbon where the binder of the book would be . Simple.Sharing a book : After ordering a book you should receive a dongle or other control device so that you can share your license with friends . That way there 'd still be only one license around at a time.One gets the feeling that Amazon did n't think this product through very carefully . They thought about digital rights management and a nice screen , then they thought about sales and distribution . But they did n't think about simple book sharing and dual screens .
 I can see the potential for this device for newpapers , magazines , bestsellers but what about the library of books I already own ? If Amazon can come up with a way for me to transfer my book to the Kindle then I will be all over it !!!
 I would totally purchase this item . But it is down right UGLY !!!! I wish the Sony Reader had the features that the Kindle has . Then that would be the ultimate portable reader . The SONY one looks great . Anyways for this price they really should have designed something more trendy looking . And a color screen would be nice . All cell phones have color screens and this should be no different since it has a built in signal etc. . Here 's hoping version 2.0 is a leap in technology ahead .
 In case you ca n't tell I hate this product . It 's old tech for one thing . When -LRB- not if , but when -RRB- Amazon stops supporting this thing users will be left in the cold just like MSN music customers . NOT ergonomic , poor screen res , tiny buttons , etc. . It should have , for example , a flexable screen -LRB- see Phillips Electtronics for an example -RRB- and touch input as well as a decent keyboard . -LRB- along the lines of Brando , that could be unfolded when a key input is needed.For normal use you should n't NEED to fumble with tiny buttons -RRB- In fact it should look and feel like a book , but a book that can be any book as well as doing multi media . Not a hard concept but one that 's beyond Amazon who took the quick , cheep and easy route . This is -LRB- barely -RRB- 80s tech . -LRB- if Amazon 's going to used old tech they could have at least given it a retro/steam punk look -RRB- Do n't buy it , do n't even borrow it . Simply junk.For the price of this boat anchor I can buy quite a number of BOOKS , that do n't break , do n't need batteries and ca n't be taken away from me when the publisher decides to quit supporting them or their aready dated tech finally dies . -LRB- plus I do n't have Amazon et al looking over my shoulder as I read . And If you do n't think Amazon is watching every little download you make OR that they 're not letting others peak over your shoulder ... -RRB- I 've got books over 150 years old in my library . I doubt this plastic toy will last 10 years .
 Why on gods green earth would someone want to buy another screened device just to read books ! Part of the pleasure of reading is turning pages and not getting headaches from staring at a screen . It also seems incredibly over priced !
 This is another item to carry with you -LRB- in case you want to buy this -RRB- . Imagine having a laptop , a phone , ipod and now a kindle . Why cant it be all in one or just use your laptop to do the same . why pay for another device .
 In this day and time , for someone to put out a black and white screened product simply shows the lack of vision of the company behind it.Ah from the responses , reality hurts . Reality is for us all that color technology is the standard . The public wants color and ease of use not by choice any longer but by it simply being something we 've grown used to . Also , to attempt to go backwards is contrary to progress . This item is priced in a range where a laptop computer can be purchased . I would recommend the public do so and get their ebooks from a source without the underpowered unit to buy . Also , if you intend to get any children 's books , magazines , or anything requiring the sort of illustration that accompanies a professionally prepared publication today , you 'll get much more out of it if you or your kids use a color handheld device . With some services going so far as to offer free downloads , you may as well treat yourself to a higher quality product to view them on.Also , by using a device such as a tablet pc or other conveniently sized computer , you gain access to much more than plain boring old text . You can take a break to check your email or maybe even pull up that ebook of your child 's favorite book which does have great color imagery . You also wo n't find yourself toting around another gadget that has extremely limited purpose.A better idea : http://www.tigerdirect.com/applications/SearchTools/item-details.asp?EdpNo=4319891&Sku;=A180-8016One of many better sources for ebooks free : http://www.librarieshawaii.org/pdf/Overdrive_eBooks_handout_2005a.pdfBonus:With that inexpensive laptop , you get so much more than a lousy book reader .
 With all the hype about ordering Kindle for the holidays I ordered early - in November , figuring I 'd give it a shot despite the high price and semi-negative feedback . So , imagine my dismay with a week to go before Christmas - and not only has the thing never shipped - I now get a little cheerful snowflake-clad announcement that it wo n't even arrive until AFTER Christmas ! A MONTH AFTER I ORDERED IT ! Maybe Amazon should n't be hyping their products if they ca n't build enough of them to deliver for the holidays . Maybe they should put their current ads on hiatus until they can at least fill their back orders . I am VERY disappointed . At this cost point , had I known that the product would not reach me by the holidays , I would have simply purchased something else.Shame on you , Amazon !
 I do n't have this product yet but was very interested and ready to buy . Sadly , it 's apparently stuck with Sprint and their EVDO -LRB- therefore CDMA -RRB- network , so it appears it will never work outside of the US . As an international commercial airline pilot , this product would be perfect ! But with this poor choice of networks , it 's apparently tetherd to the US only . Oh well , there goes many sales .
 I 've had a Kindle for a couple of months and really liked it . But the other night , showing something on it to my wife , I pressed my finger on the screen -LRB- I had been using my iPhone and thought pushing the screen would do something . -RRB- and the screen cracked . Just like that.Now I am told that there is no `` repair service '' available and that all that is open to me is a swap for a new Kindle that will cost me an additional $ 180 above what I just paid for the one I have.Meanwhile , the one I have is now useless . I am not happy and no longer recommend this device . It 's fun to use but this lack of warranty/inexpensive repair is disgusting .
 I loved the kindle and what it is capable of doing except that the `` next page '' button kept being hit accidentally by either my fingers or something else . It was very frustrating to keep losing my page and having to look for it . I think the next page button on the right side of the machine covers too large of an area and it is in the way . It also goes all the way to the edge , thus increasing the chance of being hit my mistake . I will buy a Kindle once they have redesigned it so one can hold the machine comfortably without worry of hitting the wrong button my mistake .
 I have always loved the idea of an e-book reader , and I 've been waiting for someone to get it right . When I read that Kindle was announced and had wonderful features like - wireless support - SD card support - PC sync - an online storeI had my credit card ready . But then I realized that it does not support PDFs or other text file formats.What am I going to do with the hundreds of e-books I already own?What if I buy e-books from other vendors and want to read them on this reader?In an age where everyone is moving towards providing an open platform to content creators and consumers , here is a device that will tether me to using its service . And that , for me , is a deal breaker .
 As a professor and researcher , I 'd love to have a product that would allow me to store , carry , read , highlight , and annotate PDF files of peer-reviewed papers . Without PDF , this is entirely useless to me . I have no interest in constantly reformatting PDF to MOBI in order to be able to use it . Please support PDF . Better yet
 I ca n't believe there is a monthly subscription fee -LRB- $ .99 -RRB- for each blog , and such a limited number -LRB- just over 300 -RRB- to choose from . My blog tastes are entirely too esoteric to be satisfied by the Kindle . I 'm just not sure what other device this one satisfactorily replaces . There 's potential here , but it 's WAY too early !
 I am sorry to say that the Kindle was n't all it was advertised to be . I gave it to my husband for his birthday and have already returned it . Why ? The design is such that it is almost impossible to hold in a relaxed position without inadvertingly turning the pages . Then once you turn the page-unless you are very careful it is difficult to hit just `` previous '' page . Also , we had several times when it would just freeze up and had to be reset before we could continue-and of course , had to go back to the beginning of the book and once again find our place . I am also sorry it does n't have a back light . Once improvements are made in the design , I feel it could be a great product . But , for the price and the problems I experienced-I was very dissappointed . Amazon was wonderful in crediting me back after I returned it .
 I have had my Kindle for slightly more than a year . While I found it useful , it recently developed lines on the screen that make it unreadable . It is slightly beyond the one year warranty period . I was disappointed Amazaon would only offer to replace it with a refurbished model for $ 180 . After spending so much money on the Kindle , I expected it to last for more than one year . I discourage any of my friends from buying a Kindle .
 I ordered my kindle back in october . It was fine for a few weeks and now it freezes up constantly . Half the time when i 'm trying to order books it says I have a full wireless signal and it says i 'm not connected . I ca n't even stay online long enough to browse and order books . I would tell you to seriously rethink buying this .
 I have carpal tunnel syndrome . Kindle has to be held in a certain position to avoid pressing the previous page or next page bars -LRB- a design flaw -RRB- . This position within minutes produced the numbness and tingling of carpal tunnel syndrome.I use 2.0 diopter reading glasses . Even on the highest print size , without glasses , the print was fuzzy unless I was in direct sunlight -LRB- outside -RRB- then it was ok.It was too large to fit in my purse or coat pocket and the bookcover does not fully protect it . The cover should be zippered.Otherwise , I really loved it .
 The greatest thing about this product is that it is a mobile library . Most people do n't have a plethora of space to store their books . This device could revolutionize the future of reading.The downsides are that it is extremely expensive and then it costs additional money to add books -LRB- about $ 10 or less a book -RRB- . Secondly , there are only so many books you can get and most of them are more current and mainstream . If you are a fan of books that are older and maybe less popular , you 're out of luck . While the demand remains for this product however , the list of books will grow.In short , I would only recommend this product for people that ca n't keep books with them for space or because they travel a lot . If you already have a large book collection , I would n't go getting rid of it for this product . Besides , what if your power goes out for a week and you ca n't charge it ? What are you going to do , stare at it ?
 I do n't own , nor have ever used the Kindle ; all I have to go off of is the video on Amazon 's web site . But immediately , I had this question
 You know this Kindle really grabbed my attention when I first saw it . I thought this might be something I would want to purchase . That was before I saw that they plan on charging for blogs that I can go read everyday for free through my browser or RSS reader . Amazon , you got greedy . . I would of spent loads of money paying for books and magazines to be downloaded to my Kindle , but instead you had to go for all the cash and charge for something that I can get free . No thanks .
 I paid full price 17 months ago and ebooks were $ 9.99 for the best sellers . Now , the Kindle is cheaper and the ebooks bestsellers are more expensive . I would n't mind paying the higher ebook prices if my Kindle had been $ 189 but I was one of the first to jump on the wagon at $ 350.00 Shame on me . I 'm back at the library . I 'd rather borrow the books than pay $ 12.99 for a bestseller . I 'm a little miffed , obviously . KINDLE SWINDLE they could have given us early purchasers a gift card to lessen the KINDLE SWINDLE damage . That would have been great marketing damage control .
 Purchaces a kendle for xmas - kindle will not hold charge for 8 hours . contacted amazon was told to buy higher priced cover - 10 days later kindle still will not hold charge for 8 hours . Amazon wanted to charge for second Kindle - Now I 'm stuck with poor product - then I learn this morning two other people I know here in Omaha also pruchased a kindle they two have the same problem that their kindle will not hold charge and amazon has will fix problem . This is just absolut crap that we have a company ripping people with this poor product .
 I am not happy that you can not get free books from the public library with a kindle . All of the other readers can get free book .
 I was given one for Christmas and I could n't believe what a cheesy product this is ! For the money , it is of such poor quality that I did n't even have to try it out to know that it was substandard . by comparison , the Nook Color is a far better product
 This is a revised review of the Kindle . Thanks to all the people who commented , particularly those with helpful suggestions . Here is why I changed my mind and went from a 1-star to 5-star rating . I can not seem to make that change above where the stars are located . So , assume it says `` 5 stars '' . First of all , I DID have it wrong . There was a plastic strip inside the cover and it does hold the book in place . The problem was in the instructions on just how to get it to work I still do not like the design of this method , but it does function . And yes , it was finally someone really helpful in customer service who explained in detail how to make the plastic thingie work . -LRB- I believe this is an art and a skill -RRB- . This makes reading a pleasure as the pages mostly stay in place and do not slip . Further , I have developed a habit of frequently book-marking the pages so that if I get lost , I can find the page I was reading without too much difficulty . I devised this strategy while reading a 500 + page book and inadvertently losing my place . It took hours to find it again.I still think Kindle could improve the lighting , and also the method for tracking one 's progress and pages . I look forward to a later version . I have to say I LOVE the Kindle now that it works properly . Have read over 30 books on it so far , and my favorite thing is that when I travel , I can carry a library with me , and not the weight of loads of books . It is convenient and has brought me much joy.I am leaving my original comments below , and do read the comments others posted to it . I am forever baffled why people react so hostilely to negative reviews . I post reviews when products cause me to react . I appreciate those who let others know that there are problems with something so that they do not make a purchasing mistake . However , it seems that others react strongly to a negative review , maligning the writer , superimposing their judgments on why the person has written a negative review -LRB- the reviewer must be a social misfit , hates society etc. -RRB- Give me a break ! Reviewers post negative reviews often to warn others , not to express , at least in my cheery optimistic case , a vendetta against the world.OLD REVIEW POSTED ABOUT 6-7 MONTHS EARLIERI waited 6 weeks to get this device and am deeply disappointed for several reasons . It is so poorly designed that the slightest movement sends the pages scrolling forwards or back , and it is easy to lose one 's place . The back screen on which the print appears is uncomfortable -- you can not change it to make it lighter or darker , so you are stuck with a dark background and the print is not easy to read , especially in artificial light . There are only 6 font sizes , you can not change how dark or light the print itself appears . It hurts my eyes.The Kindle is supposed to sit and be used in a carrying case . It constantly falls out . Nothing grips it . Also , it feels heavier than most paperback books . It is not that light to hold.Customer service is awful . They seem , by and large , untrained , surly , and unsure and have no idea what causes problems . For example . I ordered 2 books and it took 10 hours , 10 HOURS , not seconds , as they promise , before they showed up on my Kindle . When I called to ask why , customer service said they had no idea and had no help or apology . They then hung up on me . Not at all like Amazon 's great customer service in other areas.The Kindle concept is superb , but the execution is poor . Maybe the next generation will eliminate the flaws , but I am going to return this piece of junk .
 I like my new Kindle , really , I do . It 's just that I ca n't use it because there is no WhisperNet access in my whole county ! We have WiFi , cell phones , broadband Internet and cable TV , so it never occurred to me WhisperNet would n't reach up to Mendocino , California . While in San Francisco recently I downloaded a few book samples and spent some time reading the manual and getting used to the Kindle . I like it , but it does n't appear that I can download any books without a 31/2 - hour drive to San Francisco to get access . The description of the wireless access is grossly misleading . I probably would have purchased dozens of books by now if I had WhisperNet access . Too bad .
 After two months , mine freezes every fifteen pages or so , necessitating me to remove the battery and reboot , Got no response to my customer service e-mail , so I guess I am stuck with an e-book that is more trouble than it could ever be worth . Too bad , too , because I was happy with it until it malfunctioned and I got no help from customer service.One month later -LRB- August 2008 -RRB- , still no response from customer service , still freezing up -LRB- when I bother to try to use it ... -RRB-
 I enjoy my Kindle and being able to carry my reading with me in my purse instead of a suitcase . Still , the current execution of the Kindle leaves a lot to be desired.First , the Kindle is an odd shape that is difficult to hold . I am constantly turning the page when I do n't mean to because the next page button runs down the entire length of the right side . The power button and the wireless button are on the back of the unit where you have to remove the Kindle from it 's cover to reach them . The Kindle wo n't stay in it 's cover anyway , but it would be nice to be able to reach all the controls from the front . It would be a much better design to make a flat thin package with the buttons all on the front . They should n't be too big and the device should be designed so that it would stay in it 's cover.If you leave on the wireless feature , it quickly depletes the battery . There is no indicator on the screen to notify you that wireless is on . Since the switch is on the back , I often leave it on without realizing it.The keyboard is extrainous . I would be much better served with a touch screen minus the tiny keys.I had hoped that the Kindle would be multipurpose . As it is , it is a $ 350 electronic book . With the linux operating system , it could be so much more . It could hold my calander , my contacts phone book , email and support simple programs that would make my life easier . Alas , none of this is supported.The processor is underpowered , even for the electronic book alone . It is certainly inadequate to do any serious web browsing . I like the electronic paper screen , but it is slow to refresh . Color would also be nice.My ideal kindle?Take the form factor of an I-pod touch and streatch it the the current screen size . Give it an OLED touch screen and eliminate the tiny keys . Put all the controls except on and off on the screen . Imporve the processor power and open up the menu 's to allow us to add linux applications . Give us web access at an acceptable speed . Charge me a subscription for air time , it would be worth it to have a web pad that could be carried anywhere . Keep Whisper net as this is a great way to deliver books . Get more magazines on board . I would love to get all my magazines by electronic edition . -LRB- Color should help a lot in recruiting magazines -RRB- . You have a real opportunity here . Give us a pad computer at a size that is easy to read and yet small enough to easily carry . You have the makings of a device to replace PDA 's and laptop computers and sell a billion books to us to boot.I await Kindle 2 . I hope it will meet my expectations . Frankly , I 'm more than a little disappointed in Kindle 1 .
 Product works OK , not sensational , but is hard to get transferred to a new owner if you 're giving it as a gift . I bought a unit to give to my wife , but she 's had difficulty getting it into her own name ... . just an irritant , something easily solved if anyone at Amazon was paying attention .
 I think Kindle needs to use different carrier . Sprint is limited by the amt of towers . If you live in the country like I do and am 7mi from being able to get the service it is frustrating . I would think ATT would be a better choice . I was very upset when I could n't get it to work without even having to download book to my computer and sent it back . Also I have not seen anything on your website showing how hard it is to download a book to the computer then load to the Kindle.I do n't even know what it 's called when you download a book to computer . I think you need specific info on your website.Pat Johnson
 I really want to like the Kindle . That little white beast has a lot going right for it , but there are some very worrisome problems that Amazon will need to address before I give up my Sony Reader . These may or may not be deal-breakers for you , but these are points that you need to know before buying into the whole Kindle ecosystem.The biggest problem is the reliance on Amazon 's servers and closed file format . As the Google Video Store , MLB Videos , and even Amazon 's previous ebook offerings have shown , DRM means that this device and all of your purchases could become worthless at any moment . Currently , no other devices or applications can read the Kindle format , so if the reader is discontinued all of your books die with your device . Even if the device lasts forever , you must rely on Amazon to convert your files before you can read them on the Kindle.Unless the Kindle becomes a wild success -LRB- and at $ 400 , I do n't see that happening -RRB- , there is at least a small chance of ending up with a worthless ebook reader or a folder of unusable books.Luckily , all of my problems with the Kindle can easily be addressed by a firmware update -LRB- allowing it to read native rtf , pdf , etc. as the Sony Reader does -RRB- , releasing a convertor for PC , MAC , & Linux and delivering a very good reader application for your computer . I 'd also feel much more comfortable if Amazon pledged to open up the file format should they ever discontinue support for the Kindle.Even with all of the negatives , the epaper technology is AMAZING and must been seen to truly understand . The wireless connectivity is a huge step forward and really makes this device amazing -LRB- though I 'd like to see a cheaper wifi option -RRB- . The computer-free aspect seems perfect for non-techies , older users , and voracious readers who like to travel light . Personally , however , I 'm holding out for a cheaper and more open Kindle 2 .
 I bought kindle due to the advertisement i saw on the site . I 've been looking for something similar for a long time . I read a lot of books . It really does look like you 're reading paper , and it 's very light . My major problem was that I did n't know about the region thing . You can only use an American credit card and the wireless will only work in the US . I have to hassle someone who has an american credit card -LRB- really hard to do -RRB- to get a book and i forgot about the wireless thing.If this thing was supported globally it would 've been excellent
 I think as a concept this is an awesome product . So long as Amazon makes all books available in this format and we do n't end up in itunes like wars with NBC where they pull content.Why are n't I buying one ? Price . 400 bucks is nuts . I 'd have paid a buck more per book . 400 bucks is just too expensive . 100 bucks would be my trigger point .
 I love Kindle but I ca n't use it because Amazon ca n't seem to manage to send me a replacement power supply with charger and ours is no more . All technology is useless if the vendor ca n't supply the most simple replacement part . Be afraid . This is a super-techie talking .
 I was really looking forward to getting my Kindle . I waited by the door like Bart Simpson waiting for his spy camera . How my heart was broken when I found out that the wireless connection did not extend to my home . Make sure you check the coverage map before you purchase your Kindle . Not only could I not connect to the network , but when my Kindle fell asleep it would not `` wake up '' . Disgruntled and heartbroken I returned my Kindle . For the price of this product I would hope they would 've gotten all the kinks out by now .
 The Kindle that I purchased for $ 400.00 is totally useless . The screen was damaged while carrying the kindle in my backpack and , amazingly , Amazon has absolutely no repairs available . They basically told me that there is nothing to do other than throw this one away and buy another one.Maybe I overlooked thinking about possible repairs , but honestly , who would ever think that Amazon would not be able to repair their own items . $ 400.00 -LRB- or new price now is $ 359.00 -RRB- down the drain . Too bad , but I will definitely get $ 400.00 worth of pleasure retelling this story to my friends .
 STRONG DO N'T BUY - if you have any problems with your unit , Amazon will tell you `` there is nothing they can do '' -- no repairs , no replacement parts . High priced unit with no warranty , no help - finding this to be typical of Amazon service of late . DO N'T BUY , DO N'T BUY , DO N'T BUY .
 So , I got really excited about this as soon as I saw it . Well , then right before I ordered it , after I had read all the amazing reviews , I saw there 's no coverage in two states in the US . I live in one of them . COME ON !! At least get some coverage in Montana ! Even Wyoming has coverage ! I would have loved this if there was coverage here . But , there is n't . So now , I hate it .
 Nice idea , and one day I will buy . However , the $ 399 price is way to steep . I will buy when the screen is color -LRB- not for reading the actual material , but for the shopping pages -RRB- and when the price is managable , like $ 50 . I assume they will make plenty of profit from downloads and purchases . I am absolutely positive my purchase of reading materials will skyrocket with a product like this . They will make more money off of me than they do now . There will be price drops . Maybe in a couple of years I 'll get one . Or maybe not .
 I too watched Bezos on Charlie Rose . At one point he said the target group he most wanted to capture - avid readers - were the most critical and resistant . As all too often with Rose when a crucial comment arises it was passed over immediately and nothing more was said . Too bad . He also stated that he wanted to make the book disappear as that , he claims , is what happens when one reads a good book , and made some spurious analogies to the digitization of music and film . He does n't seem to have read a well-published book if he thinks they `` disappear '' as you read them . The experience is there in your hands , from the jacket to the binding to the texture and shade of paper . How all that fits with the typeface and enhances the author 's words makes the book a vibrant artifact of craft and art . This he wants to replace with an ugly sliver of plastic ? I have a wall of books in my apartment . They are as warm and reassuring as the art on my walls . What Bezos , in his entrepreneurial haste , does not understand is that the object itself , not just the words within , is of great worth as well.And we are to pay $ 400 for this device ? What if we happen to forget it on the bus or it is lifted from us ? If a book I can easily buy another , or take another down from my shelf . With Kindle I 'm out 400 smackers and there goes my library as well . What if it gets rained on , dropped in the bathtub , spilled upon ? What if the dog chews on it or a child takes a hammer to it ? And what of our friends who wish to borrow a book ? Must they own a device as well and we then bluetooth a copy across to them ? Or is a loan out of the question for we have a license for only one copy that ca n't be duplicated ? And what a paltry gift a digitized book would make . What is there to unwrap and admire?And what of the author ? When someone asks what I have written , or when I turn to my shelf , in those doubtful moments wondering why I did n't go to law school instead , what will be there ? An empty shelf ? A solitary slice of plastic ? And with digitized books selling for $ 9.95 or less , how are the majority of writers , those in the great middle in sales , to eke out a living ? Almost all major publishers are owned by a handful of tight-fisted conglomerates . Contracts already include `` all future technology . '' The longest section of contracts these days is that covering author royalties - every reason imaginable , no matter how paltry , to cut your royalties in half or even more . With the future Bezos imagines we 'll be making .25 or less for every copy sold . Thank you very much , Mr. Bezos.As someone who is not only an avid reader , but as someone who 's been in the book business from selling , writing , and publishing most of my adult life I hope this thing falls flat on its face .
 1 . It is too expensive -LRB- like the iPhone when it was first introduced -RRB- . I 'm waiting for a discount for first buyers to be announced shortly . Being pretty much just a container for content to be sold by Amazon , it should be priced more like an entry-level iPod , that is , for about $ 99 , especially since it is fairly primitive technology -LRB- by todays standards -RRB-
 So everyone raves about this Kindle , even Oprah says `` you must own this '' , well , they obviously are not talking to anyone outside of the continental USA , even though half of their viewers , and amazon 's users , are just that . You would think anything available in the USA would work in Canada right ? Wrong . Not only do you have to go through crazy channels just to get a Kindle here , once you get it , nothing works , it is a very expensive paperweight . Who would ever think that a download of a book could n't be downloaded outside of a geographical border ??? If you are outside of the USA , DO NOT BUY THIS . Go with the Sony eBook reader instead , more affordable , works just as well , and is accessible anywhere in north america at the least.Not recommended .
 What a disappointment ! I bought a Kindle as a surprise birthday present for my wife . The surprise was on me . The Kindle books , available in 90 seconds via wireless , are not available if you are outside the US . We live in Canada . The website for ordering has State/province , but no provinces are listed . It has Zip/Postal code , but wo n't accept postal code format . So she has a lovely , useless bit of hardware and software , full of promises but no delivery .
 Amazon , While your product may work correctly for some , I have not been able to download the two books I have purchased directly to the Kindle . At different times of the day I have attempted to do so but I received the error message of `` unable to connect , please try later . '' I have been able to get service bars so the claim of downloading as soon as you turn your Kindle on is not correct for me . I live in Cedar Rapids , IA so that may be an issue . I have not had the time to go out on my account and download to my computer and then transfer to the Kindle -LRB- what a pain -RRB- . Is it possible that I can return the Kindle for a full refund including the two books I ordered?Thank you , Jan Chambers
 I purchased the Kindle several months ago . At first it was great -- I was reading more -LRB- perhaps based off the novelty of the item -RRB- , I was n't having to carry around all of my books , it was convenient , etc. . In fact , I loved it . The design is a little bulky but NOT horrible ... anyone of moderate intelligence can figure it out.But then the first Kindle broke . Something happened with the screen ... it went `` black , '' so to speak . When I called the Amazon reps they were very helpful and seemed to imply that has happened on more than a few occasions . They ship a new Kindle and I send out my defective.The new Kindle arrives and joy is restored . Temporarily , because a few days later the same screen problem reappears on a different model . Once again I call Amazon and request a replacement -- once again , the representative was very , very helpful and had a new model sent out immediately.Unfortunately , the second replacement Kindle also quickly developed the same problems and I returned the item for a full refund . It 's not as though I was rock climbing with my Kindle or using it to smash objects ... there 's really no reason for the e-ink to `` leak . `` What can I say ? Amazon was fantastic and the Kindle itself is wonderful -LRB- when it works -RRB- . Are three defective products a simple fluke , or is it indicative of something larger ?
 I am a student and bought this so I could study for exams without hauling books . After only two chapters of the first book I tried to study , the Kindle blocked me from any more highlighting . Since I ca n't flip through pages on this thing when exams come , the highlighting/clipping function is crucial . It 's misrepresentation and false advertising to promote this product as if you could do `` everything '' with it that you would do with a book . After spending twenty dollars on a book I ca n't use or highlight in , I have to spend another twenty to buy the hardcopy so I can highlight as much as I want . You better believe , I wo n't be buying it from Amazon.Amazon , no more false advertising . Please let students know that they ca n't use this device for studying !
 We saved up so we could get a Kindle for our son for his High School Graduation . He LOVED IT !!!! He is always reading and this was the perfect gift . He took it to college and was thrilled when he could get some of his reading material on the Kindle instead of having to buy it from the bookstore . One morning he was reaching over his bed to get something off the floor , and the Kindle was on his bed . He kelt on it and cracked the screen . He had only had it a couple months , and so we checked into the warranty on it . We found out that there is NO WAY TO FIX IT . They told us to hang on to it and if there was ever a way to fix it we could send it in . He is so drepressed aobut it and I am just mad . Considering how many Kindles Amazon has sold you would think they would be able to fix them or at least have some sort of replacement warranty available .
 If I buy a e-book I must have the possibility to own it life long , its endurability must not be limited to the life span of this Kindle reader . You can lose it , it can be stolen , it can be damaged and then you loss a lot of books stored in it , since you can not make a back up of it . And I can not share the book with my friend . Inj fact you borrow the book . Better borrow a book from the library for far less money .
 I love my Kindle . I love the ease of getting books downloaded . I love the samples of books I can receive . I love the fact I can download several books and travel with only one ... the Kindle ... On the negative side ? Ca n't really think about much . I would like to see more vegetarian or vegan cookbooks available but that is just my own need as I am a vegan . The Kindle did freeze up once on me but I was immediately helped by tech services and reset it and it was up and running . I think it truly is amazing . I do not have any of the complaints that I have , previously , read about from Kindle users like the flash of light when one turns the pages , or hitting the page buttons accidentally when reading All of that is a blip in the road compared to the ease of reading and storing many books . I also love the fact that after I am done reading a book , I can dowload it back to Amazon and they store it FOR ME ... until I want to retrieve it again . Most of my friends are in awe of this device and most can not believe that downloading books is a free service . I do wish the battery had a little longer life but I do browse the storefront alot and I know that uses more battery . All and all , I recommend it to everyone I see . I even demo'ed to it my doctor when I was in last time .
 I have yet to down load my audio book from Audible.com . I was able to download to my computer -LRB- Mac -RRB- but not to my Kendle !! I do have a book on my Kendle but I would also like to have audio books on my Kendle .
 We hurried and bought two after watching the `` Opra '' show . She made it look so so easy and wonderful . We even rushed the order and were excited to receive them . Both being avid readers we thought this was ideal . We could n't upload anybooks without using the computer , which was a major pain . To top it off the first five books I wanted to download were NOT available , the same with my husband . It 's a great idea but needs work.Back to buying books !
 I 've had the Kindle for six months , and have traveled with it . At best , it is adequate . I hope the next iteration will address issues such as
 You created this incredible leap in technology , which will change the way we read , but you gave it the limited coverage of one declining cell phone company , which has lost the coverage race . I was ready to buy two for my wife and I , until I found it only works in major metropolitan areas , not in our little bit of heaven , we call eastern Washington state.Signed , So Disappointed
 Very disappointed . Ca n't get phone service to the Kindle where I live in South Mississippi . Yes , we get service in the big towns but I live 30 miles from the nearest service . We can download a book on the internet from home but we must drive at least 30 miles to have it download on the Kindle . I would n't have bought one if I had known this.Jerry CooperColumbia , Ms
 Yet another dedicated ebook reader , yet another failure to understand what is wrong with the current ebook market so it 'll probably go nowhere .1 . It 's NOT the screen quality that 's the problem with ebooks . People use regular LED screens to read on every day , millions of them on smart phones , MP3 players , laptops and desktops . They 're not perfect but they 're good enough . While the eink screens used by Sony and now Amazon 's readers are very impressive for text they currently have severe limitations - text only , no colour , slow response . Thus they ca n't be used for a truly multipurpose device -LRB- that might justify spending hundreds of dollars -RRB- .2 . It 's the limited choice of titles , price , multiple and incompatible DRM schemes and file formats used by each vendor/ebook reader that are the major problems with current ebooks . And the mania for expensive yet limited function dedicated ebook readers like Kindle . Instead of properly supporting the devices most people * already * have
 Once upon a time there was an electronic reader named the RocketEbook . It was hand-sized , not too heavy , with an easy-on-the-eyes screen -LRB- back - light , no glare -RRB- on which one could read even in the dark . Also , and this was what made it really spiffy , one could easily download all sorts of free books off the internet from sites like the Gutenberg Project , to name only one of the numerous free online libraries available . Then one day , RCA bought the RocketEbook and transformed it from a vastly useful reading tool into one that could only be used with purchased ebooks . The RocketEbook died.Moral of the story
 Terrible design ; almost anywhere you touch the device the page turns . A backlight would be very helpful . Hopefully the next generation will improve . I need to find out about the return policy .
 There are good things about the Kindle but many negative issues . First , the pictures , drawings , etc. are not good . There is not backlight . Please ... . this should be a requirement in this device . To add yet another item you must purchase is ridiculous . Too expensive for what it is . I do n't like the `` location '' rather than page reference . Just another difference that is n't needed . All-in-all it is an okay device but will never replace the book . My advice , buy the book .
 Print is too small . I have macular degeneration and it 's hard to read . I tried to delete the order but was unsuccessful .
 From the product specs , this expensive piece of plastic seems like a major waste . The device looks like something from 1990 . At this point in time , I would expect a color display with a touch screen . . oh , wait , that 's Apple . You 're paying $ 399 for a device that only does one thing and not very well at that.Amazon missed the boat on this product launch . The concept is great and Amazon could have set Kindle up to do for the printed word what the iPod did for music . Unfortunately , consumers have come to expect more from their media devices and it looks like the Kindle falls short . I 'll wait for version 3 ... if the service lasts that long .
 Simply put , $ -LSB- ... -RSB- is far too expensive for the e-book equivalent of a cable TV set-top box . Both technological `` boxes '' control what you view , and even try to make money charging you for content that is already free to you -LRB- in the case of cable , you are charged for broadcast TV , and the Swindle offers to transfer your previously owned textual content to itself for a fee -RRB- . Imagine , then , if you were charged $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for the purchase -LRB- rather than a much cheaper deposit for the borrowing of -RRB- your set-top box ! Imagine if you would have to buy a new one when the technology went pear-shaped ! And then , think what your reaction would be if the cable companies tried to charge you close to the DVD purchase price of the shows you watched , and furthermore , tried to blame all the abovementioned costs on the bandwidth charges they themselves have to pay to deliver your content to you . I do n't think that it will take long for people to see the Amazon Kindle for what it is
 I ordered the Kindle once I saw it - ordered on November 20th - Amazon said it was shipped on the 21st via DHL with two-day shipping for delivery on November 26th . After speaking with DHL , they told me a label was printed , but they had never received the product to attach the label to . So there was no information on the DHL site as to progress ... scans , out-for-delivery , etc. - Called Amazon and they were apologetic , but told me to wait until November 27th to check on delivery being late . Said Okay . Now I see that my Kindle may not be shipped until mid-December due to high demand . I know that it is the Holiday Season and that demand is high . I just do n't like being told information and given expectations that are incorrect . I suppose that the three books I have ordered have been charged to my credit card along with the Kindle . Be forewarned and maybe you wo n't be as disappointed as I have been . Amazon has always amazed me with the speed of their shipments . Now that they are in the hardware business ... things may have changed . Happy Holidays !
 Hi , It is very intriguing and since I travel it could the perfect device . Can I transfer and view PDF documents on this - this will let me have a copy of all the technical documentation ? The highlight only says Word and imagesThanksNick
 I am cautious of buying this thing as there have been many sidebars on it . Are they or are they not coming out with a new version . I do n't want to buy it and the next day the IMPROVED version comes out . The Kindle folks while nice , just say get on the waiting list . Any thoughts ? thanks ... jim
 Someone should break it gently to the directors of Amazon that there is a whole world beyond the United States . People in the US may or may not be buying Kindle . People in Europe are buying the Sony e-book because it is available and Kindle is n't . By the time they finally get around to rolling it out , they will probably have already lost the battle .
 Impossible to hold without flipping pages . Also , missing backlight funtion for reading in the dark .
 After all the effort to create the Kindle , WHY IS THERE NO BACKLIGHT ON THE SCREEN SO YOU CAN READ WITHOUT AMBIENT LIGHT ???????
 I have been using Sony 's e-reader for a few weeks now and am enjoying the technology . I was interesested to see the Kindle but see some large drawbacks so far . Was hoping it would improve on Sony 's product . The problem with the Kindle is : It does n't seem to support free text , docs or pdf supportwithout emailing yourself a text file for 10 cents!I see this as Sony 's big chance to take the market if they would do a revision on their software and website to nativly support and convert pdf and perhaps digital comics files into a readable solution without 3rd party customer conversion . Free Guetenburg texts look great on the Sony Reader and can be transfered with the supplied usb cable . Glad to see ebooks are starting to catch on , now if the format can be standardized and priced correctly !
 Kindle is a case study in how not to make an ebook reader.Here are the problems :1 . Kindle has DRM backed up by abusive contract terms - `` You may not sell , rent , lease , distribute , broadcast , sublicense or otherwise assign any rights to the Digital Content or any portion of it to any third party , and you may not remove any proprietary notices or labels on the Digital Content . In addition , you may not , and you will not encourage , assist or authorize any other person to , bypass , modify , defeat or circumvent security features that protect the Digital Content . `` 2 . Kindle violates your privacy - `` The Device Software will provide Amazon with data about your Device and its interaction with the Service -LRB- such as available memory , up-time , log files and signal strength -RRB- and information related to the content on your Device and your use of it -LRB- such as automatic bookmarking of the last page read and content deletions from the Device -RRB- . Annotations , bookmarks , notes , highlights , or similar markings you make in your Device are backed up through the Service . `` 3 . If you use Kindle in a way Amazon does not allow , like circumventing DRM to exercise Fair Use rights , you will lose your books and the software to read them - `` Your rights under this Agreement will automatically terminate without notice from Amazon if you fail to comply with any term of this Agreement . In case of such termination , you must cease all use of the Software and Amazon may immediately revoke your access to the Service or to Digital Content without notice to you and without refund of any fees . `` 4 . Kindle charges you to access free content . - Blog subscriptions cost $ 2 a month . However , you can browse directly to the blog using the `` Basic Web '' browser ? . So they are charging $ 2 to use RSS .5 . Kindle does not support 99 % of major formats - NO PDF , NO DOC , NO RTF , NO JPEG , Although it will convert some of these for $ . 10 each through a slow email process.I am not sure I could design a book reader this bad if I tried . The best suggestion I have read for people who are thinking about buying a Kindle is from Kevin Marks : `` If you have $ 400 to spend on a small gadget to read outdoors on , buy yourself an OLPC and give one away to a child elsewhere too . ''
 I think the Ceo On Oprah really mislead the audience.Why would he havenot said US only ??
 Purchased the kindle and used for 28 days and returned it . Already own a Sony ereader and like it much better . The page forward and back buttons on the kindle are too easily activated and are a nuisance . Would be interested in buying a kindle at a later date after they redesign the buttons . Also if you want the kindle to read newspapers or magazines - the format is horrible .
 Very disappointed in the customer service aspect . Ordered it over a week ago and it was noted that the device was `` in stock '' when ordered . Here I am a week later and still no Kindle . I should have stayed with my local Borders .
 This product , in my opinion , is absolutely AMAZING ! Theres no need to quote numbers of how many newspapers are wasted per day and the damage on the environment that does , but this product is the thing that could cut those numbers greatly . Not to mention the access to papers that you may typically not be able to receive . But in retrospect , it isnt going to make much of an impact with a price tag like that . People that read the papers arent usually going to be the people who can pay $ 400 and then the extra cost of the subscription . If this were marketed for somewhere around $ 150 or $ 200 I could imagine purchasing one myself , just for the ability it has to receive papers . The $ 400 might even be fine if it came with a few newspapers I could select to get for free for a while but otherwise , with my pay at $ 12 an hour , this device is out of my reasonable price range.As I have only seem demos and reviews/stats/facts I cant really say much in the way of the software or book downloading , just that if this thing was only capable of getting books and not the newspaper , the way it is now I would probably wait another two or three years before even thinking about getting one .
 technogeeks have been peddling this sort of thing for ever and never , ever get it . people use technology to help them do things they ca n't otherwise do . cell phones are the perfect example -- penetration has been so quick and so complete -LRB- 250 million active in the US alone -RRB- because when you 're walking down the street and suddenly need to call someone , a cell phone helps . this thing DOES N'T DO A THING you ca n't already do -- mainly , read a book ! duh ? I can take a book anywhere and it 's going to be a lot more reliable than anything with batteries . Oh , and I ca n't give it to people to borrow . and I ca n't give it to my grandson , or grandfather . the only person who ever conceives of something like this and thinks it 'll sell , and the only person who would by it is the type who did n't go to his high school prom . I actually tried something like this -LRB- a predecessors/competitor -RRB- just for kicks , and it was like using a battery powered straw . sure , it might get the milkshake out of the cup , but why on earth would anyone want a battery powered straw ? they would n't . yeah , you build make one . but that does n't mean you should . nor would anyone buy it , or this.alas . 100 % guarantee , this things flops , completely , even if it gets to the cover of Newsweek .
 $ 400 for this slab of strange looking white plastic is way too much !! It looks like a plastic calculator produced in 1982 . I have seen giant calculators in the dollar store that look better than this thing.The book shopping experience is pretty good -LRB- selection & ease of purchase -RRB- however the hardware is a mess and needs major work . It is impossible to handle the thing without continually losing your place because of those nasty , huge next page buttons.I have also experienced frequent freezing up of the device . Software bugs are aplenty . Pushing reset has gotten me back in business . Many others are not so lucky . See the videos of bricked Kindles on YouTube . They make you send it back and wait weeks to get a replacement as they do not even have any in stock to overnight you.Then you have to pay for each and every DRM locked book , magazine , or newspaper . Then they charge you for each document or photo you want to actually load wirelessly onto the device . Scary !! The Terms & Conditions of Use also state that they will charge you for any Internet access that you make from the device other than buying their DRM stuff . Scary !! Come on Amazon !! Think twice before you throw money at this thing . Wait for version 2.0 !
 I returned my Kindle . What they do n't tell you is that in order for the downloads to work you have to be in an area where Sprint has EVDO service otherwise you need to purchase books on line , download to the computer , and then transfer to the Kindle . I 'm fairly computer proficient , but loading the book I purchased never did work . Also , per their tech support , many on the features such as newspapers , email , etc. will only work in the Sprint EVDO areas and can not be accessed any other way . Sprint does n't service our area although we have great EVDO service from Alltel and AT&T locally . The closest Sprint EVDO service per tech support is 125 miles away . I 'll continue to read the old fashioned media until someone comes out with a system that will operate on a wider choice of networks . This was not worth the price .
 I purchased two Kindles , one for myself and one for my husband.And guess what ? The coverage map -LRB- when I entered my zip code -RRB- indicated that there was wireless coverage where I live . It turns out that there is no coverage IN MY WHOLE STATE !!! Sprint coverage , at best , is extremely spotty except in high population areas.Major bummer.And , to add insult to injury , I ca n't download the free samples of books to my computer , only directly to the Kindle.Please Amazon/Kindle , fix these problems !
 why would anyone buy this ? you ca n't see pictures or graphs . it wo n't hold a charge more than a day .
 Or did I ? My brother thinks he bought me a Kindle , but Amazon did n't seem to want to ship it to me . I am a HUGE fan of Amazon -LSB- used to work there , in fact -RSB- but this time it has left me cold . I will return the stupid Kindle the moment I receive it -- if I ever do .
 The 4-level greyscale screen is a killer in my opinion . I can get color pictures & graphs in USA Today , etc. , which makes digesting the news easier . Even the NYT uses color occassionally . This seems like a step backwards .
 I 've had a Kindle on order for more than a week with no information other than I would be notified when the product has shipped . I 'm beginning to wonder if Amazon is waiting to get enough orders before they start producing the product . My recommendation is not to order a Kindle until they have an inventory in Stock . The Sony Reader is readily available as an alternate choice . I will give Amazon one more week to before I cancel my order.So far - not very happy .
 I wish I could find better things to say . Not enough for the bucks . $ 400 Too much for a dedicated device and too restrictive . Anything this utlitarian should have support for other files types as a universal reader . There 's a reason why paper is still around - I imagine that when the software gets much better , the file type support improves , screen/weight improve and the price comes way down then it will sell to those who want vs want to try it . Save your money ! You 'll be able to try on eBay other wholesale lots when the price is nicked by at least 50 % .
 Two Massive problems with the Kindle Approach :1 . Battery . The Battery life is already incredibly inferior to the book -LRB- infinate -RRB- and the battery , along with the rest of it , will be deteriotated in a couple years .2 . Price . How dumb can Amazon be ? The way to overcome peoples nestolgia for books and the limited battery and electonic life would be to make it cheap . A $ 200 dollar inital price and $ 3 books would have been enough to spark a revolution , but instead the starting price is $ 400 and the books are as expensive as store doubt . So you spend $ 400 dollars on a device that is less convenient , ca n't bring books at a cheaper price , and will be unusable in 3 years ? I do n't understand .
 I have not purchased this product , however , I did purchase another brand and returned it the same day.I read books on my Palm . You need a backlight to prevent eyestrain or simply to read in a dark room.I am hoping that all makers of this type of product will `` see the light '' and start making them with the backlight .
 this product is about the size of a book . why not just bring the book ? are you going somewhere where you have no access to books for a length of time in which you would read 200 books ? and whatever happened to the library ? i love to read and actively build a library of books that i read again and lend to friends . and i just like to have them as a record of my literary travels . i like the printed page . what you know about a book lent from a friend that is dogearred and molested is that this book has been loved . it 's the best kind of recommendation . my favorite books in my collection are held together by rubberbands . i support the imagination of this idea , but other than a situation in which i have a book sized area in which to pack 200 books , i ca n't imagine the point .
 I ordered this on 12/12 and was not given any indication at the time that the order would n't arrive in time for Christmas . It 's now too late to buy a different gift -LRB- i fly out on Sunday -RRB- , and I was never informed of this delay . I am only finding out now by going to the website to check out the status of my shipment . All in all a horrendous way to treat a customer spending several hundred dollars !!!!
 First , I investigated the Sony version , but did n't like what seemed like very limited content for it.Then I found this one -- and as a fan of Amazon , I 'm loving the idea of having access to more content.But this object is simply too ugly to own.I 'd cut it some slack on functionality since it 's a first generation gizmo . But who designed this thing ? I 've seen clock radios from the 1970 's with more style . Is this thing supposed to look retro?Hire a product designer who understands aesthetics and the value of the `` feel '' of a thing . Ipods are sensual . This thing is brittle .
 I have one simple question . If it is possible to digitise printed books and sell them electronically , why must it be locked to a proprietary reader like Kindle ? Why ca n't I download these books into my Laptop . I would be perfectly content reading on a computer screen . Steve Jobs take note please .
 This thing is a joke . it looks like it came from the 80s and the picture sucks . black and white ? COME ON !!! its 2007 and it cost 400 bucks ! I was angry after i used this for a day . I HATE IT ! What a complete JOKE !
 It does n't seem like a coincidence to me that the device 's name is Kindle , a word which has its origins in the norse word for `` fire '' , for like the firemen of Ray Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 , it seems this device is intended to eradicate the books we know and love.I am not a luddite by any means , but the idea of replacing the printed word with a digital tablet horrifies me . I know my attachment to bound books is entirely sentimental , but even with its brilliant-sounding screen technology , this device can not replicate the touch and smell of the real thing - sensations that are every bit as integral to the enjoyment of reading as the stories themselves.I 'll reserve judgement about the technology until I get my hands on the working device , but I do n't see myself buying the Kindle any time soon .
 Call me old fashioned , but I like REAL BOOKS - not `` Beam me up Gone With The Wind , Scottie . '' Some things just should n't be high tech . Having every moron in the universe able to email me is bad enough . I fart in your general direction !
 Great product idea - Sony 's Reader is similar . Until the prices of these things comes down to earth , I ca n't imagine many people buying them . Come on Jeff - think of all the books you can sell getting these machines into distribution .
 I like to write in the margine . It would be nice to type in the margin . Even better , to access all my notes from a menu .
 I have ebooks and audiobooks that are completely useless because they are locked to my old laptop with DRM . They got me ; do n't let them get you.Don ' t buy anything with DRM!What are you going to do with your ebooks 5-10 years from now when Kindle is long gone ?
 I 've been looking at Kindle for awhile , but I wo n't purchase it until at least two specific upgrades are added . 1 -RRB- The screen should be touch interactive to allow for a pointer device to highlight words/passages . This would be similar to note-taking that you could store either within another file on the Kindle , or at least refer back to through a bookmark . 2 -RRB- This device could truly be revolutionary if there were either an internal dictionary or web-linked dictionary -LRB- e.g. via m-w . com -RRB- that would allow you to double click the world to grab its definition.Any other users think these would be good additions ? Bezos - are you listening ?
 Most important fact
 I hate the kindle so much that sometime i want to throw it against the wall and watch catch on fire . Then , I would laugh . I would laugh very loud .
 To start , I admit , I do n't own a kindle . I have a friend who has one , so I 've been able to tinker with it a bit.In spite of this , I 've felt compelled to issue a negative review anyway . Not on the basis of the technology -- that part is wonderful and has the potential to save incredible amounts of paper if adopted.My complaint is this -- this is just another part of a corporate scheme to get you to buy the same thing you already bought years ago , OVER AND OVER AND OVER again.Think about it . You purchased your favorite movies on VHS years ago . Then you went out and bought them on DVD not so long ago . And you 'll buy them again on Blu-Ray or HD-DVD . You bought Mario 3 for your Nintendo the day it was released . Now you 'll buy it again on the Wii 's virtual console . You purchased that Doors album , then you bought it again on cassette so you could play it in your car , then you got it on CD , but that scratched , so then you had to buy it on iTunes.And along comes the Kindle ... a spectacular demonstration of corporate greed . Where 's the guarantee from Amazon that 5 years from now when you buy Kindle 2.0 that you 'll be able to transfer all of the books you 've purchased to your new device ? THAT 'S RIGHT ... NO SUCH GUARANTEE EXISTS . Because Amazon has no intention of letting you do such a thing and they know it . Once again the consumer is shaken down for more money for intellectual property WE 'VE ALREADY PURCHASED BEFORE.Not to mention that the storage capacity is pathetic . Especially for an item that costs this much . We live in the 21st century , Amazon . I can conceivably listen to my iPod for over a month straight without hearing the same song twice , but I can only hold 200 books on a paperback-sized electronic device ? And it costs THAT much money ? Totally pathetic.Give me a guarantee that I can transfer my books to a newer device -LRB- even if it is n't a newer version of kindle -RRB- and increase the storage capacity by 100 times and I might consider it , Mr. Bezos .
 The next `` Segway '' ... This will become `` the revolution that was n't '' . $ 399 ??? That price is just plain silly ; all studies indicate that the consumer electronics price point is < $ 200 , if you want the public to actually buy it . Seing as most books are ~ $ 20 , you would have to buy 20 books before this thing even paid for itself . This will become a gizmo curiosity for people who like to spend thier disposable income on ridiculous goofy gadgets -LRB- much like the segaway scooter -RRB- .
 I have ordered and paid for a download that did not transfer . When I talked to the tech support they had no other help than requesting I be patient . Twelve hours later there is still no download . I feel like I was defrauded out of $ 400.00 . Do n't buy this item without knowing that it is totally unreliable .
 I am an avid book and magazine reader . I love the idea of a good e-book reader , and look forward to getting one . But here 's what I feel are MUST HAVES before even considering a purchase -LRB- some of these were stated in other reviews -- I 'm not the only one who feels this way -RRB- : -- A rental service . There absolutely must be a rental service . If Napster and Yahoo can do it with music , then Amazon can do it with books . I will not invest in a $ 300 product -LRB- or even a $ 200 product -RRB- unless I can rent books , magazines and newspapers . I 'd gladly pay a $ 14.95 or $ 19.95 a month fee for unlimited downloads . But otherwise , no way . I read way too much . I could buy 20-25 hardcovers or 40 + paperbacks for the price of a Kindle . Or , for the price of $ 0 , I can check out books from my library . -- I 'm in complete agreement with Outlook and Adobe PDF compatibility . -- Colors would be nice -- The flaws people are mentioning -LRB- bad placement of buttons , bad carrying case , etc. -RRB- must be fixed . -- Is there a highlighter feature ? Or an `` Control-F '' feature for keyword searching within a document ? -- I heard lots about the easy-to-read screen with no glare . But I did n't catch if there was a backlight for reading in the dark . -LRB- Can someone answer that ? -RRB- -- I 'm not so concerned about the MP3 capabilities . I would like an RSS reader on it , though -LRB- for the blogs that I like to read each day -RRB- . It 's an amazing product . Do n't get me wrong , I 'm not trying to be a Negative Nelly . But I 'm so frustrated with technology these days . Last year I spent $ 250 on an MP3 player that is ergonomically frustrating , very buggy and does n't seem to be worth the money . Same thing happened with my laptop -- it 's only 15 months old , and already it feels like it 's so slow , clunky and antiquated.I think I 'll wait a year or two for the upgrade version to come out .
 I mean , why would anyone pay $ 400 for this when they could buy a laptop computer ?
 Kindle : I order a Kindle in late November for a Christmas gift . We knew it may not make it for Christmas because of the back log of orders . I wish they would say what year . We know now that the Kindle was not delivered correctly and returned in January . Amazon would like to keep my money for four weeks and than send a check . They know they have the non-delivered product sitting in warehouse from late January . It is now Feb 20 why the delay ? I think they want me to reorder , do they want me to pay even if they still have my money ? I will think twice before buying again with this lack of service . emails unanswered . calls to people that are not in the loop.I can get a book over the internet , but not any service or even an answer . SERVICE 0 stars I have not seen the product to rate it .
 I had the chance to try a Kendle and did not like it . I read 3-5 paperbacks a week and this is two heavy , and the forward and back buttons are to close to the edges and kept changing the page if I moved a finger . Nice try Amazon but after I tried it I did not buy it .
 I 'm a traveler and would LOVE a product like this . But . Everything is DRM protected , so I wo n't buy it . Period . It could be the prettiest device on the planet -LRB- it 's definitely not -RRB- , it could have the world 's most intuitive UI , it could be given away free , but I still wo n't buy it . When will content providers realize that DRM is an automatic ` no sale ' for a lot , if not most , of us ? Steve Jobs has figured this out , Bezos needs to as well .
 I have been long waiting for a light and cheap ebook reader . But after reviewing the product specs of kindle , it is really disapointing . First , I was stunned by its 80 's like design . Second , more importantly , it only supports documents from one specific website . NO PDF support or you have to email the PDF to Kindle to convert . Even SONY did not go that far . SONY only require you to convert your MP3 to AC3 using their software . Can you image sending every mp3 to SONY 's website to convert and then get back ? Jeff should fire the person who came up this really really stupid idea . It just show how desperate a company becomes when they want to sell content and the player at the same time .
 I 'm interested in a device like this . I 'll be honest I have n't tried ` Twigs & Paper ' , but I can see problems already.Price of course is a problem . The unit is expensive . Next charging for blogs and too much for newspapers is n't a winner either . Last books should be cheaper since they eliminate a massive cost of the book industry . IN other words I do n't believe they are cheap enough in this form.Sprint wireless is a nice idea , but at what cost ? How much does it effect price ? I 'm talking price of unit and content . And how much does it add to weight and size ? Imo it is a feature that is not needed . I mean I can store 200 books on this thing . Books take most people days to read . I do n't think I need instant gratifcational -LRB- yeah I made that up I think -RRB- access to books . Neat idea for newspapers , but I 'm close by a computer 98 % of the year like 98 % of Americans who read are . I can download content and transfer it from there . -LRB- afaik one of the decisions Apple got right in hindsight -LRB- according to observers -RRB- about the iPod was tethering it to the pc for organizational/purchasing purposes . No one wanted to fiddle around on a tiny device to type in names and do searches.Last , but not least the thing is downright fugly !!!!!!!!!!!! Has Bezos seen today 's electronics ? Has he seen the iPod ? iPhone ? iMacs ? And various cellphones like the Rzr ? This thing looks hideous and ancient . Do yourself a favor and can -LRB- get rid of -RRB- the keyboard asap !!!!!! And use some materials that feel good in the hand.The Bookeen product looks much better , it 's thinner , flatter with a better battery life and has a much better focus on what a device like this should do today !!!! ... and that is - display books.Anyway these are all problems with this device before I even get my hands on one . None of these problems will go away .
 Almost anyone who uses a computer frequently for work and is serious about getting work done efficiently uses PDF extensively . PDF has become the de facto standard , its use is becoming more common , and there is nothing on the horizon to replace it.To design Kindle to be incompatible with Kindle is a show-stopper . Until Kindle is able to support PDF so that users can seemlessly use the product in conjunction with their established working procedures with PDF , it will be all but useless.Although Amazon has reasons to exclude PDF from Kindle , some of which are nearly impossible to overcome - such as document copyright security - perhaps , sometime , the designers of Kindle will recognize the urgency of the need to overcome the PDF issue nonetheless , and find a way.Until then , Kindle is merely a gimmick , with only limited serious application.Dan N
 1 - Wanting to find a reasonable amount of information about the new Kindle , I foolishly opened the Amazon page about it on my dialup connection and commenced to wait and watch for 10 -LRB- ! -RRB- minutes while just the printed stuff finally all loaded . -LRB- I stopped the loading of the partly-loaded video and images . -RRB- Memo to Amazon
 For a company that I have loved solong as Amazon to put out sucha blatantly commercial and INCONVENIENTto the ordinary user product asKINDLE is a shame.I have thousands of files to readon my hard drive - why have to gothrough processes and pay to read themon your product ?
 We must consider this an homage to The Apple Newton , or else a parody . It seems to be geared toward those who like reading but dislike books?Find very little practical value in such an item particularly at the cost . And additional expenses are required per new book ? Something seems amiss.The Newton did everything the Kindle does almost two full decades ago & now resells at one tenth the price . Also the Newton bridged the other gap the Kindle seems to imply ; the so called internet . Why not just use a pay publisher 's site with a PDA/laptop , why an entirely new gadget?Most will find that electronics hurt their eyes more than books . No conveniece to the format as such.This product is predicated on the faulty idea that both the book and the internet are fads which have passed their prime . Must disagree . While this might find a niche , we find little use for such a gadget .
 I have not used a kindle , but after buying thosands of dollars worth of books , I am insulted that I am being asked to buy this from amazon . I have bought several hundred books , most of which I have highly annotated.Give me one or show me the benefit of laying out $ 400 when I will continue to buy books .
 First off , if the thing had been designed as a book is -LRB- openable and with two opposing pages -RRB- , I would be more interested in it . That said , I have to wonder
 I 'm sorry , but $ 400 is to much to pay to have `` the latest thing '' . I 'm not a Kindle owner and probably wo n't be . Not at that price , then have to pay for the book too ? Not that much , granted , but , no matter how I slice it , $ 400 is TOO MUCH MONEY !
 Have had three of these to date . My third one just died . I treat them with care . On two , the screen has gone out ; one the hard drive died . I am at a year and 4 months . Since my original kindle was ordered over a year ago , I just had to pay $ 190 for a replacement . I have no faith this will ever be a durable device .
 When you buy a product you really feel that the company will stand behind it and make you feel good about buying it . When that product turns out to be defective by design you feel bad but you can always return it . Sure you can return it and get charged for being part of the R&D department for Amazon . I think it adds injury to insult to charge a loyal customer for returning a defective product . The charge is $ 79.99 , not a small fee . The Kindle is expensive to start with and then to have to pay to return a product that should not have been released until they worked out their issues that really sucks . I really enjoyed the kindle , sure their were some changes I would have made but it worked . Now would I try to buy another one after they worked out their bugs . HELL NO !!!!!
 I love to read and I thought , `` How Green is this ? '' I was so excited . I loved Amazon.com . I had been with them since their inception as a bookstore . But four hundred dollars was a lot of money for me . And I never buy the first version of anything . So I waited.Then Oprah did a show on the Kindle in October 2008 . She talked about all of the features and function and offered fifty dollars off if you bought it that weekend . My birthday was coming up and so , I took the plunge.My Kindle arrived at the beginning of the next week , which was the last week in Oct. I pulled it out of the box and poured over it like it was heaven sent . It was going to be the object that went everywhere with me , that I trusted to hold my most favorite reading materials . I was so ready for it to change my life.But then I began to use it . Reality seeped in and she was n't dressed for a party .1 . First of all
 It 's a cool product , but sadly too expensive if compared to competitive products . Amazons ' advantage is that they have a great consumer base and even a better marketing platform , so I 'm convinced the Kindle will be a great success . Let 's hope they use this success to create a more reasonable price : -RRB-
 Our world is not Black and White , then why Kindle is available in Black and White version ? Hope Amazon releases a color version of Kindle .
 I 've been a fan of ebooks since they started coming out . I have multiple ereaders on my PDA and keep quite a library in my pocket.I 've read all the negative and positive comments . All that aside , I just ca n't see paying $ 400 for this thing , especially since it locks me into Amazon .
 Well , $ 400 plus fees for books for something i can get for free at the library and download on my ipod . Hmmmmmmmmmmm . And listen to.Big question
 Let 's face it not everyone really reads . If amazon has the idea of populating the globe with this device it needs to do more and for that price . Before I get tortured I do n't presently own a kindle though I have seen it advertised when I buy books and other products in amazon . I fully read it 's specs and the video praises by those commentators . I think it 's the beginning of something great . I think the technology has potential to become something enormously important in the way computer technology progress . Backlighting has to somewhat go in computers . I am a digital artist and ca n't stay looking at computers for hours cause it strains my eyes though I found ways around it . Drawing on paper . Real paper again.Okay so you might know where I 'n going with this . I want to draw on it . I want to write on it . I want it touch screen . I 'm one of those apple sticker in the back of the car guys . I think apple will see this and somewhat down the line incorporate it 's great features and turn it into one of their products so I don 's see this going away , but like I said it needs to be more . Great start though . You made a believer out of me . Makes me want to read more , but I 'm a pictures with words guy .
 theyve got to be kidding , you can get a complete pda or something that runs windows mobile for cheaper . why would anyone pay that price for a simple ebook reader with afew extra features when you can get a complete os and be able to do way more for cheaper . ill wait a year when it hits the bargin bin for 99 bucks . as i think its not worth more then 150 .
 I agree with the folks who said they 'd like a device to replace laptops , not to replace paperback books which are smaller , lighter and last longer than the batteries in a Kindle . I like gadgets as much as anyone but this one is just so , well , boxy and clunky-looking . It surprises me that most decision-makers still do n't ` get ' the appeal of Apple design which is minimalist and clean , and appeals to the majority of consumers . This poor Kindle thing is just plain ugly . -LRB- How sad and dated it would look if placed next to , say , an i-Phone . -RRB- On the up side , all the complaints should be very helpful to the next generation of this thing , if there is one .
 I love my kindle - or I did , until my wife dropped it . Dropped , as in slipped out of a 5 ' tall woman 's hand unto a thick carpet ... . and it broke . Well , no biggy , right , I 've only had it a few months , still under warranty - WRONG ! - I 'm not sure what ` ordinary use ' is supposed to be , but do n't ever knock that baby off the coffee table . It has many abilities a paper back does n't but a paper-back wo n't cost you $ 400 and then DIE . I 've dropped PDAs and cell phones -LRB- maybe I 'm clumsy ? -RRB- but they tolerate normal human flaws . Amazon can down load the log from your Kindle , btw ... perhaps they 'll target slow readers?At any rate , until they offer replacement insurance or spell out that it is too bad so sad , caveat emptor , or maybe caveat lector , I think I 'll buy paper .
 First , the book is not a good one . After the interesting initial anecdote , the brain accident , the book becomes a cliche . Personally , I deleted the book after reading 20 % . Second , it is strange to find sooooo many 5 stars reviews ... ! Third , the price is right.Fourth , I selected a Jack Reacher novel at 10 times the price and I 'm satisfied.By the way , the name Juliano is not italian . Giuliano is .
 Ordered this for my husband , an avid book , buyer , reader . He could not download books onto it . He ended up calling the company , and was told to go to `` higher ground '' so the signal could reach him . After driving for miles , no go . Called the company back and was told he could `` hook it to your computer '' and get them downloaded that was . That 's not how it was advertised -- it said you could download the wirelessly . What a joke . I send it back . Keep in mind the price then was over $ 4oo. , I believe , and perhaps improvements have been made , but they said `` download books wirelessly from anywhere '' .
 The concept is great however , it is very hard to hold without hitting next page or previous page . More thought should be put into the construction .
 Buttons placed so that it is too easy to accidently turn pages ... My screen has gone black , and no response from Amazon tech service ... Dest not work in Alaska nor Wyoming ... Just carry a book onto the plane -- at least they can not make you turn it off .
 If you travel a lot and are only looking for bestsellers then this product might be for you . Searching for major titles that are n't recent bestsellers -LRB- Ayn Rand 's Atlas Shrugged , The Razor 's Edge ... -RRB- I found 10 out of 10 not available for kindle . When browsing by subject I found the selection horrible . Less than ten titles on running ! Hopefully this device wo n't affect the publishing world at all . I would hate to find my reading limited to the choices here !
 I am an avid reader . I was beside myself when I heard about the Kindle . I got one for Christmas and yes , it is amazing and easy to use . THE BIG PROBLEM became apparent when I realized that not everything is available in Kindle format - like the new Grisham or Evanovich for example . I thought I was going to save a ton of money -LRB- and space -RRB- because I was n't going to be buying all those new releases . I was totally ignorant with my assumption that I could read any and everything on my Kindle . And try to get older books for your Kindle - ca n't be done .
 Let 's think about this ... 1 . It 's Ugly -LRB- black and white -RRB- 2 . You ca n't resell a book when done3 . You ca n't buy used books4 . Poor contrast and not good at audio books5 . Buttons ? Perhaps they did n't see the iPhone6 . EXPENSIVE ... It 'll take you 400 books just to start saving money with it .
 I guess there are too many things going on in the world for anyone to notice what a really stupid idea this is : It needs batteries and runs electronically . That means it can -LRB- and will and some point -RRB- crash . Now you 'll never know if he gets the girl in the end.Books never crash , and never need re-charging . You ca n't underline the Kindle and write in the margins.Damn thing costs $ 400 . It 's still easier to flip pages in a book and find the passage you need to re-read . It matters less how many books you get through . What matters is how many books get through to you.Books smell . They smell like books . This is important.You ca n't stick your gas bill and to-do list in the back of a Kindle.You can drop a book , and it might break the spine , but the book will still be readable .
 I have the Kindle and an older Sony E-book . I 'm still hoping for the e-book revolution , but gray type on a gray background is simply not as comfortable as reading a book printed in true black ink on true white paper.Kindle 's better than Sony for getting content but much worse to use . What idiot put a next page lever on every edge that one would naturally use to carry the device ? As you can see in Amazon 's picture of a hand holding the device , readers can only hold Kindle by a small bar under the screen and above the keys . Anything else causes an unexpected outcome.Who thought that charging a monthly fee for AvantGo style news content would be a plus ? Kindle offers the New York Times but the newsstand.com formatting is totally absent.And the screen is tiny . Moreover it does n't need to be since the Iliad offers a much larger screen using the same technology with no technical problems.Do you enjoy going back years later to books you read while in school or beyond to recall what was there ? Forget about it with Kindle . The books you buy to read will be gone when this crude first effort by Amazon is replaced by its successor . You 'll then be buying all your books over again just as those of us with the Sony E-book are now having to buy our books again for the Kindle.Do you want to lend a book you 've enjoyed to a friend to read ? Forget about it . You wo n't be lending your Kindle books to anyone unless you 're ready to give up your use of the device.Result
 Got the kindle , nice and all , yes , BUT I cant use it ! Why ? Because I do n't have a USA registered credit card , and the system does n't accept outside the USA billing addresses , although Amazon does , and although I have purchased the kindle with a non US credit card . I even called customer service and Kindle Support , got the answer
 I gave my father a Kindle today . He powered it up . He read the introductory screen . He read that the battery charge indicator on the bottom of the device should be lit . He turned the device over to check , accidentally pressing several buttons on the front in doing so . When he turned the device over , the screen was in a curious state that he could not decipher because instructions on its use had disappeared . The machine is now completely unusable . Never has a piece of equipment rendered itself inoperable in such a short time .
 With great anticipation my wife and I ordered our sparkly Kindle , the thought of being able to take a shelf of books on vacation was enthralling . But oh , so what a let down . I guess we should have started worrying when we actually looked at our wish lists and what was available to download . Of over 150 books on our wish-list fewer then ten seemed to actually be available . Same story with new releases -LRB- prime front of store science fiction , all strangely absent -RRB- . OK , but maybe it will make up for it with the experience.Sorry , not the case . the packaging looks cute from the outside -LRB- clamshell , vaguely book like -RRB- but the start up user experience -LRB- those so important first few minutes -RRB- is a disaster . Physically unpreposessing -LRB- cheap white plastic -RRB- , awkward in the hands , one of the worst efforts at a keyboard to come along for a long time . The screen itself a good example of a version 1.0 technology , contrast not an issue but the persisting image when using menu functions is distracting , and the black screen wipe between pages is jarring.But the worst of it is functionality . So slow to do anything at all -LRB- to open a menu , to change a page -RRB- , and as to getting on to register , use wireless , or even load a book beyond the manual . . sorry it never even worked for us . I could struggle on I guess , but maybe spoiled by Apple products I expected more . I 'll take two recent examples of manufacturers doing a much better job of setting up an equally complex device however -- any recent SIM based cell phone -- I simply plug my SIM in and there we are -LRB- is n't this what Amazon promise when they deliver the device pre-registered -RRB- . Or another example -- set up on a Logitech Harmony universal remote -- do all the hard work on a simple web/PC application and then synch , voila.Amazon tried to do too much in making this a stand alone device -- seamless setup and interface with a PC -LRB- a la iPod -RRB- would have been a much better starting place , with the wireless as an add on . As it is its already on the way back and I 'll be in no hurry to move away from an extensive paper library any time soon . Pity
 I ordered a Kindle because my friends said it was great . When the first one arrived , I tried in vain to get it to connect wirelessly . After every one of my attempts failed , I called customer support and they walked me through everything I could possibly try but it still would n't connect . I sent it back and in five days received a new one . That was today . The new one has a faulty tracking wheel . All you have to do is touch it lightly with your thumb and it goes crazy . It is impossible to navigate anywhere - it goes where it wants to and is completely uncontrollable . I called customer support and the guy was barely apologetic and just told me to send this one back and he 'd send another one . I asked if it was possible to get one that had been checked out and he said no . To me , this is barely customer service . I 'll try it one more time but I have to say I am not even a tiny bit encouraged by this experience .
 I am a member of a book club in my town and thought the Kindle would be a great addition to my library . After telling the other members about getting a Kindle they could n't wait to see how it worked for me . Well , sorry , it has been a total disaster . My main issue is connection , right out of the box after charging , the Kindle would not connect to their wireless service . Only breifly would it occasionly connect and then with four out of five bars showing on it , s connection indicator it would give me a note that says , your Kindle will not connect at this time please try again later . It has now been four days and still the same connection problems . I called customer service and after making me go through a series of technical areas in the Kindle and gathering a variety connection settings buried deep within the device , I was only told that they are are aware of the connection problems and would submit my information to the design team and they would let me know . Add that to the already known issue of the page turning bars on either side of the Kindle which will turn a page at the slightest touch and the fact that you almost have to hold it in those positions makes the Kindle an annoying and ill conceived machine . No one in the book club will be getting one for sure , Kindle lost alot of readers after my report . Hope this review helps some of you to decide , to me the Kindle is a DUD .
 Kindle
 I did n't think I would be able to read a regular book again , I absolutely loved my Kindle - until a slight amount of pressure caused the screen to fracture . Now I have a non-readable Kindle that is loaded with books -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- that I am anxious to read.Customer service originally said it would be replaced free and I should recieve it soon . After it did n't show up I called and was told it would cost me $ 180 for the replacement and that should arrive between Feb 17 and Mar 2 . The email I got told me to save the damaged Kindle and send it back in the package from the replacement . Then it says if the damaged Kindle is n't returned within 30 days of reciept of the email I will be charged full price for the replacement.I 'm not sure if I should return the broken one before I recieve the replacement , if it is going to be free as originally stated and written on the email first sent to me , $ 180 dollars when it 's finally sent , or if I 'll pay full price if I do n't send back the broken one within 30 days in packaging I 'm not scheduled to recieve for a month or two.For the first two weeks I would have rated the Kindle 5 Stars + + + , I am down to 2 stars -- , and if customer service does n't figure out what I am supposed to do and pay my rating will drop to a negative 5 Stars.I understand that there is a demand for the Kindle , but the original customers and biggest cheerleaders for the product should recieve some kind of priority , not a run-around and extended delay in receiving a replacement .
 The basic concept of the Kindle is great . I love being able to have several books @ one time in the device -LRB- I read several series of authors ' books concurrently -RRB- and getting them quickly without connecting to a computer is a big plus.Where the Kindle -LRB- and most of the competition -RRB- fails is in book navigation . When your fine motor skills are impaired , even a large tab like the Kindle is hard to control . This is the one thing I like about the MacAir . Gestures on a large pad -LRB- or the screen a la the iPhone -RRB- make it a lot easier to move within an item . My hope is the next generation of the Kindle has some sort of feature like this .
 To get the Kindle to really catch on in the public sphere , it should have been made open-format . Being able to read as many formats as possible would ensure that current hoarders of e-Books would hop online and drop down the $ 400 price . Being locked down to one format will make this a curio.The possibilities that the Kindle would hold as an open-format device would be mind-boggling . Law Students downloading their massive libraries to one searchable device . University students setting the Kindle up at their lab stations or opening it in literature class . But alas , forcing publishers to deal directly with Bezos & Co for the Kindle format is going to short circuit the Kindle before it gets off the ground.The price is also about $ 300 too high . An introductory price $ 99 would probably push a large number of people to buy as a Christmas present for the family bookworm . With the US economy starting to tank , and the world market starting to sink along with it , people neither need nor want another overpriced gadget .
 I know I 'll get a volley of angry Kindle-fanboy -LRB- & girl -RRB- comments saying I should get a life , go somewhere else , or just die.But in reality , I think this product just is n't valuable when you consider the alternatives . If you have a decent smartphone today , you can already read eBooks , and chances are you charge you cell phone daily , so battery is n't much of an issue . Take the iPhone for instance - like many of it 's smartphone siblings , you can read books , convert your own books -LRB- for free , not 10 cents or some email system for free -RRB- . You can read the NY Times and other newspapers and blogs for FREE -LRB- not 13 $ a month for newspapers or 1.99 $ for blogs like Kindle charges -RRB- . Moreover , you are probably getting a product that not only looks better , cooler , is lighter , and can do more - you 're saving yourself money , hassle , time , packing space for travelers ... the list is endless.The future is NOT Kindle , people , it 's smartphones - and people are buying them up , in part thanks to the iPhone 's coolness that previous smartphones never had.Save your 399 $ on the Kindle and save subscription fees . Blogs are free to read , people . So are many newspapers .
 I have to read a lot of documents for my work . When I can download them to this device from my computer , I 'll buy this product .
 Most of my professional reading consists of PDFs . If only Kindle supported them . The thought of being able to read PDFs without hauling my laptop around is wonderful . Alas , disappointment !
 What can I say that others have n't already ? I do n't like the screen -LRB- 4 grays , come on ! -RRB- , I do n't like the keyboard -LRB- which is a waste of space most of the time if you use this as it is intended , as a book reader -RRB- , I do n't like the little rollerball cursor , I just do n't like much about Kindle . I 'm a gadget nut , and I 've been waiting for a portable media reader that could take the market by storm . Unfortunately , this is n't it .
 I am sorry to say that i sent my kindle back mosty due to the frustration of constantly touching a wrong key on the side . The keys for locating different pages , chapters , etc. , are placed in such a way that it is difficult to avoid hitting them by mistake.I am looking forward to the new version of Kindle which I am sure will correct this problem.mizterij
 I was disappointed by my purchase of the Kindle . This unit would be ideal for anyone who reads many types of books and would like to be able to travel with their books in one small unit.The unit falls out of the case and you have to be careful so that you do not drop it . There were recommendations on the website after I purchased it , to use velcro , etc.There is no light source so you can not read in a poorly-lit area . There were recommendations on the website to purchase a light and clip it to the side of the carry case . If I pay over $ 300 for electronics , I feel that these two things should not have been an issue.My largest disappointment was that the screen is not in color and there is no backlighting . I would utilize the unit for craft books which is the type of business that I have and I am always purchasing `` how to '' books from Amazon that show pictures and instructions . The craft books that were available were only `` the history of the crafts '' and `` fictional novels about the crafts '' . I did not realize that I would not be able to have access to ALL the books that Amazon sells only a few that have been converted to Kindle format.If Amazon is able to modify the above items , I am more than willing to take another serious look at the product .
 The software appears to be buggy . Frequent lockups that require me to remove the back and reboot using paper clip.Also , need to shrink size of right side buttons . To many inadvertent page turns . Also missing a lot of classics . eg No Pearl S. Buck
 The Kindle is always connected to Sprint 's EV-DO -LRB- Evolution-Data Optimized -RRB- network unless it 's outside the coverage area , in which case it switches to Sprint 's slower 1x system .
 after buying the kindle I was looking forward to not carry 6 books with me for my 3 weeks trip to asia . but the kindle did not turn on after charging it at my hotel . i called on my dime -LRB- no collect service -RRB- from japan to be told `` customer service is open m-f from 8 am to 8 pm pacific . time '' . after trying few times later was told to return the kindle for a new one . needless to say a great disappointment , relying on this gadget to its job .
 I received my Kindle as a Christmas gift and have had frustration with it since then . Despite that I live in a strong whispernet area , I can not transfer items because of lack of connectivity , even when all the bars are full.A book I purchased literally disappeared and even the support tech had no idea what is going on with my unit . And now I have to wait up to a week to have technical support contact me.I asked for this device because I am a voracious reader and thought it would be great to just have a book to read in a snap instead of driving to the book store when I could find the time . So far , I am very disappointed and frustrated and am wanting my husbands money back .
 I was extremely disappointed to find out that after purchasing 2 Kindles , -LRB- one for a gift which I gave -RRB- after watching the Oprah show , to find out that we are not able to use them in Canada . I have returned them , after requesting the gift back , on November27/08 and am now awaiting a credit . Would dearly love to have the ability to use it in Canada !
 While there is some good technology in the kindle , unfortunately Amazon have sought fit to keep some control of the device after you purchase it . This means that they can even remotely delete books from the device while it is sitting in your home . This is exactly what happened with the e-book versions of 1984 and Animal Farm . As well as this , Amazon promotes the sale of books in proprietary file format to use on this device . For these reasons , the device is ` defective by design ' . I personally refuse to buy products that seek to control the use of the device by the purchaser .
 Unfortunately , the Kindle I purchased is not working at all . It will not download anything from the internet either with a cable or wireless . It is of no use whatsoever .
 Since purchasing the Kindle I have had nothing but headaches . I was told that I could purchase Kindlebooks online and upload them to my Kindle , but I have since found out that is not possible and so my Kindle is virtually useless to me . I will be returning it in the next few days .
 First , the positive
 BUYER BEWARE - The Kindle does NOT have wireless access in all states ! Make sure you check the map!We purchased this as a Christmas gift for my brother who travels alot around Wyoming and Montana . He ca n't carry a lot of books and does n't have a laptop on these trips.We purchased it from a Montana address and nothing alerted us to the fact that device does NOT work in Montana nor Wyoming -LRB- many other states -RRB- using Wispernet ! Evidently , after he got it home to set it up he called Amazon because he was n't getting any bars showing service . She told him that he has to attach the device to a computer , download the books and then he can take it with him . Then she promptly asked if there was anything else she could do for him.We paid the full price for this device -LRB- the same price people on the West and East coasts pay -RRB- and yet the device does NOT have full functionality in the state that we live in ! We do NOT get the free wikipedia access , we can not directly download books/newspapers etc to the device ! Amazon did NOT alert us to the fact that we are paying for a device that will only have partial functionality !!! They should have an alert that pops up warning the buyer that if they live in one of the states that does NOT have Wispernet the device will not fully work . It should not be something we have to go hunt down to find!It is really unfortunate that we paid as much for this device as we did and my brother is NOT happy with it ! I think he is considering returning the device and that means his Christmas present was a bust ! I believe this device has a lot of false advertising on Amazon 's part because here is what they say in the product overview : ` Unlike WiFi , Kindle utilizes the same high-speed data network -LRB- EVDO -RRB- as advanced cell phones -- so you never have to locate a hotspot . ` Notice there is NO asterisk pointing you to the map to let you know just how many places have NO coverage whatsoever !!! You do n't have to locate a hotspot you just have to locate a STATE where you do get coverage !!!
 Unless the Kindle gets much faster and more PDF friendly the iPhone -LRB- and similar devices -RRB- will kill the Kindle for reference books.I bought a Kindle to use for a growing collection of PDF reference books , and returned it after exhaustively trying to make it do the job.Inflexible formatting , and slow as molasses page redraws are killers.The first problem is that the Kindle does n't like fixed format . This makes my programming code reference material truly unusable . The only alternative is to use freeware tools to convert the PDF 's to an eBook of images , but you loose hyperlinks and your eyesight must be good enough to squint at the now pico sized text . Imagine textbook pages shrunk to a paperback ... I tried a couple of the same textbooks in native Kindle format from Amazon , but they too were hopeless . The formatting was horrendous , but worse was the navigation speed.The etch-a-sketch style screen takes about 2 seconds to refresh between page turns . That did n't sound like much to me before buying it , but imagine flicking through a normal reference book , from page to page , reference to page , or index to page . Slow as molasses . Enough to make me want to throw the device at a wall after just 10 minutes of use.Anyway , true to form as an early adopter I have an iPhone , and Nokia 810 . Although both are hamstrung with much smaller screens , but both truely blow the Kindle out of the water for reference material.The ** caveat ** here is that for novels the Kindle is superb . It 's fluid and perfectly suited to lounging in a chair and relaxing into a good story . Not worth $ 400 to me though.Hope this saves someone who 's looking for a portable reference library all the trouble I went though .
 I asked my husband for a Kindle for my birthday -- at this price it was a splurge . I 'm not an early adopter , but I 'm an avid reader , and the thought of always having books with me was enticing!But I was so disappointed I returned it . First of all , there 's no option to backlight the screen , so it 's just as hard to read in dim light as a regular book -- for this price , a backlight feature should be included . Second , the page turn buttons are enormous , and it 's maddeningly easy to flip pages in error , and hard to get back to your place , as it 's not always clear how many pages you went forward or back . Next , the case fits poorly -- I just could n't keep the thing in the case -- one of the `` corners '' that 's supposed to hold the device in the case was crooked . And the so-called `` clip '' on the back just does n't work . The on-off switch is on the back , so you have to take the device out of the case or try to slip your finger underneath to turn it on or off . And finally , the device as a whole has a sort of flimsy , plastic feel to it -- very different from an IPod.There are more subtle problems , too , with using a reader . I realized after so many years , that I read in chunks , not line by line , and although the screen is large , it has a lot less text on it than the two-page spread of a book . It 's also very difficult to go back to something -- yes , you can `` mark '' pages -- but one does n't always know that something is significant until later on . With the screen , you lack the `` image '' of the page where you might have read something you want to go back to later . The text is numbered in chunks , not pages , which is oddly disorienting -- it 's hard to figure out where you are in the book.As I read my one and only Kindle book , I found myself longing for the Apple design teams to get their hands on a Kindle and fix it . I 'm no Apple fanatic by a long shot , but using a Kindle made me appreciate my IPod classic more than I do already . Amazon has a long way to go with this one , as well as some psychological barriers to overcome . The computer and music player are new technologies , so people `` got used '' to how to use them afresh . Books have been around for several hundred years , and we all have reading skills and habits that may be hard to change . Back to the drawing board !
 The Kindle reader is okay -LRB- though I prefer iPad -RRB- , but there is a MAJOR problem with the e-books Amazon is putting out there . One recent download was clearly scanned in from hardcopy using a cheap optical scanner . The optical character recognition process was very poor and the error correction program even worse
 One week after the warranty expired , so did the Kindle . This unit was not exposed to heat , moisture or rough handling . I turned it on one day and the entire screen was inked . I called customer service and they said they would not replace or repair it , but I could buy a refurbished one . So , I was out the $ 399 plus all of the books , magazines , etc. that I had purchased . It was an expensive year of reading . If they advertised this unit as prospectively a one-year-unit , they would not sell any . I would NEVER gamble again on a Kindle . I can buy a lot of books for the $ spent on a Kindle , and they wo n't up and vanish .
 Contrast this : When someone buys a book , they are also buying the right to resell that book , to loan it out , or to even give it away if they want . Everyone understands this.Jeff Bezos , Open letter to Author 's Guild , 2002With this : You may not sell , rent , lease , distribute , broadcast , sublicense or otherwise assign any rights to the Digital Content or any portion of it to any third party , and you may not remove any proprietary notices or labels on the Digital Content . In addition , you may not , and you will not encourage , assist or authorize any other person to , bypass , modify , defeat or circumvent security features that protect the Digital Content.Amazon , Kindle Terms of Service , 2007You can * buy * a book , or you can * rent * some bits using a new wireless bit-displayer called Kindle.I 'm going to go read a book , now .
 Just for those considering buying a refurbished Kindle 1 , I 'd be wary of purchasing one since Amazon 's technical support , or lack thereof is quite disappointing . I enthusiastically bought my Kindle when it was initially announced in 2007 but recently , the screen went completely dead and nothing I do on this end could revive it . When I called into Amazon to look into options for repairing the Kindle 1.0 , I was essentially told there are no options . I can choose to put down another $ 180 for a refurbished Kindle 1.0 but that was it in terms of helping repair my Kindle since I was out of warranty . Even if I wanted to pay to repair my Kindle , I was told that option was n't available . The customer service guy was nice but essentially told me I was SOL . I 'm really disappointed and this gives me pause about thinking to buy a new one if it will fail this soon and I lose all my purchased books . Buyer beware .
 I really ca n't believe they wasted 3 years making this and not one person said to them hey it should be in color . If people are going to subscribe to magazines surely they will want to see the photos associated with it in color as they would had they bought the magazine in the first place . Before anyone goes on about size and weight , Technology is in a place now where it could be the same size and weight because its color . Sorry Amazon I think you really made a mistake here and it goes to show that such things are best left to the big companies to do .
 When the price of the Kindle drops to $ 50 it might be worth considerations . What 's that you say ? You pass on your books to friends when your finished ? Not eBooks !
 Not sure why digital copies cost as much if not more than actual paper products . If a book costs $ 16 , its digital copies should cost less than one quarter of the cost taken production costs into consideration . This greed will only turn customers away from this technology . Apple worked hard against greedy record companies to impose a cheeper alternative to CD 's by selling each song for $ 1 . And is continually working harder to keep it that way despite greedy record companies push to change that . Some IDIOTS WILL NEVER LEARN . WILL AMAZON GET IT?DON ' T BUY THIS because it will cost you more than having an actual book which you can share and resell if you choose to . I 'd love to save trees , but until someone gets it right like apple did with music , I 'll pass on this black and white brick .
 Why on earth would I pay $ 400 for a hideous thing like that plus $ 10 per book when I can buy used books or go to the library for far less?Plus , I would probably break it in no time from splashing it with water , dropping it , falling asleep with it , etc.There is a reason books have been around for so long .
 I heard Jeff Bezos on Charlie Rose last night and his enthusiasm is great . If you love all tech stuff , this may be for you . You can love to read without loving books . Bezos said the important thing about reading is that you get lost in the reading and forget the book . Well ... sort of . Certainly , I disappear in stories . But I love the book . I want the 2 ` pages ' in my hand -LRB- s -RRB- . When I have to stop reading , I want the feel of the book in my hand , even if it is 1000 pages . I want to look at the closed book and see how far the bookmark has moved . When I get a book , I look it over carefully . Then I savor opening it for the first time . I remove the jacket and look at the binding . Yes , I read the copyright page . And I love it when there 's a paragraph , usually at the end about the font that was used . There 's a whole tactile-visual experience before I start reading . I can live without an author picture and , for fiction books , without any personal info about the author other than other books written . I love the pages . In 1979 , I found a sale book . It introduced me to Sigurd F. Olson , whose books are now in abundance at amazon . I did n't know who he was . The jacket photo was beautiful . But what sold me was the paper . It 's a beautiful , textured paper that 's absolutely perfect for his essays . -LRB- That book was WILDERNESS DAYS . -RRB- And what a person to meet ! That I 'm not an outdoor/camping person was and is irrelevant . His writing is glorious . But if all I had was a Kindle , I 'd never know any of that . I think all this has a lot to do with why ebooks are n't tremendously popular . My guess is that , in the end , the Kindle will be a success . Generations of children wo n't grow up knowing anything else , unless their parents or grandparents loved books and showed them the total joy of a real book . I do love trees and the Kindle is certainly kind to them . When I read a bad book , I tell it it should apologize to the trees it has killed . I also like picking up a pencil and making my notes in the margins . In fiction , it may just be a small arrow to highlight a beautifully written sentence or paragraph . In non-fiction books , I usually carry on a running dialog with what 's written . I 'm more glad than ever that I have my own library . And more than ever , I wish it was much , much larger . When I started using the Wish List at amazon , I felt guilty when I had 35 books on it . Now , I have to edit it occasionally because the number is more like 200 . May Kindle wait until I die , before it is a blow away success . With my family 's history , that may be another 40 years ! Sorry , Jeff .
 A Kindle in every pot ? I think not . This product is innovative but too expensive for the average reader .
 I am anxiously awaiting Kindle 2.0 and I 'll tell you why - ergonomics . I really , really wanted to like the Kindle . The concept of having your entire library in a small , searchable electronics device that did n't melt your eyes like staring at a computer screen does really appealed to me . I 'm an avid reader of novels , computer books , and lots of other things . An electronic reader with an E-Ink screen made sense . The Sony E-Reader looked good , but lacks the content that Amazon 's Kindle offers . I think that almost everything about the Kindle is great , but - the ergonomics are terrible!How are you supposed to HOLD this thing in your hands ? I spent the last 24 hours reading books , newspaper , and magazines on it . The keyboard surprisingly stays out of the way ; I never accidentally hit a key when I was using it . BUT - those large Previous/Next keys on the side make it impossible to hold easily . You basically have two choices - hold it by the bottom/middle or hold it very gently by the sides , so as not to activate the buttons . I hold my books by the sides when I read them because it 's very comfortable and natural to do so . You ca n't do this on a Kindle because you 'll accidentally switch pages if you do . The design is terrible ! It was very frustrating to use because I had to pick it up a special way so as not to activate the page turning buttons - I could n't just pick it up like a book because I might lose my page by hitting the Previous or Next button.I ca n't emphasize this enough ... those large side buttons are the reason I 'm returning my Kindle . It 's very frustrating to use because you press the keys on accident all the time and it makes it not very comfortable to hold . Amazon , if you 're reading this , please take some of the following ideas to your drawing board for version 2.0:1 . Put comfortable hand grips on the sides - I want to be able to hold my book easily ! I 'm not exactly sure why there 's a rubber grip on the back of the book but not the sides - my fingers are n't designed to hold a flat surface like the back of the book ! 2 . Move the Previous/Next buttons somewhere else that is still easily accessible . It 's not easy to operate a Kindle with one hand and it definitely should be . Also , my fingers want to grip the sides of the screen but since the buttons are there , I ca n't . This was annoying to the point that I returned mine .3 . Why is n't there a backlight or built-in light ? Books have been around for hundreds of years and Amazon 's goal is to replace them with the presumably better Kindle E-Reader ... so why does n't it have a light so I can read it in the dark ? 4 . Why is there a physical Wireless On/Off switch ? I forgot to turn it off and it drained my battery . It should be a software switch that activates when it needs to access the Internet , unless you 're on an airplane or something in which case you can put it into Airplane Mode .5 . Why is it white ? Mine was dirty less than an hour after I got it . A darker color would be appreciated ! 6 . Why is the Kindle oriented vertically ? When I read , I read in widescreen , i.e. two pages open in my novel . When I tilted the Kindle and held it horizontally , it was MUCH more comfortable to hold . The Sony E-Reader has this feature and I think it 's great .7 . I want good document conversion software for PDF , DOC , TXT , etc. . I have a ton of material on my computer that I 'd highly prefer reading on an E-reader , but it gets kind of mangled when I import it . If I could read my own content with good formatting as well as books , that 'd be awesome .8 . Why do I have to pay nearly full price for an electronic book when I 'm not paying for ink , paper , or distribution costs ? I know the free EVDO wireless is costing Amazon money , but if you sold your books at 50 % off people would be all over this thing , despite it 's high price tag .9 . Please offer a service to trade in paper books for their electronic versions . I have bookshelves upon bookshelves of books I 've purchased , but I do n't want to buy them again just so that I can have a digital copy of them - I 've already paid for them ! 10 . PLEASE put a store button on the Kindle ! I do n't want to have to go into a sub-menu just to access the Kindle store - I want to hit a button and be taken directly in!Other than those gripes , the Kindle is a fantastic piece of gadgetry . I hope that Amazon gets their entire library converted soon because it would be great to have access to any content I want , whenever I want it . Amazon , please listen to your users because you have the potential to make the Kindle great with just a few hardware modifications .
 I feel like being deprived of the rights to access normal books . Some books I would love to have are only in Kindle edition now . e-books can be good for information storage . But how many times have we printed hard copies to read ? The Kindle device reminds me of the Vista system from Microsoft . Both of them force us to pay for a worse life . That 's not what modern technology are supposed to do but only shows greed of mankind .
 I live in NW Montana ... NO coverage unless I go about 50 miles into Idaho . I know I can download to my computer , but our DSL company has also decided to `` limit '' our download . So ... no instant newspaper , blog , or magazine . It would be a book Reader , only . Pretty expensive for that.I was sooooooooooo excited when I heard about the Kindle . We have such limited access to things , here in the middle of nowhere , I thought this might be the perfect answer.Will coverage improve ?
 Dear Mr. Bezos , With all your resources , money and time this is the ebook reader you thought would change the face of printed media ? And you have the nerve to call it `` Kindle '' as if any one will benefit more from this then you and your shareholders . Do you understand that this could have been a devise that changed the world as much as the personal computer ? Do you not have enough money or can you not see past yourself to the problems that do not effect the mega rich ? You are out of touch sir.At first glance I believed Kindle to be something truly great and thanks to your `` 1-click ordering '' I bought one on sight , my thinking being that at least I was going to be there during the first steps of something that could change -LRB- for the better -RRB- the way my children view information . With that said , I have to ask , why all the proprietary garbage and DRM ? Where you afraid that the people buying this would use it for something other then shopping ? Like maybe learning ? Did you think about the people living outside the United States when you developed the Kindles wireless capabilities or was wi-fi not controlled enough for your taste ? Just by trying to sell this you have insulted our collective intelligence and taught us all a valuable lesson , that thanks to your refund policy will not be a costly one.You should be ashamed of yourself for having the chance to bring free , mobile information access -LRB- regardless of computer know-how -RRB- to the masses so that people as a whole , regardless of technical knowledge or background could finally move past their station and that we as a society could move past our place and on to the next step . Whatever that may be . Instead you thought only of the dollar signs . How much is enough Mr. Bezo or was your first and only thought , quarterly returns?You sir , where in a unique position to help change the world for the better . Why question , Mr. Bezos is why did n't you?Respectfully yours , D.W.
 When Gutenberg invented the Printing Press , he did something truly wonderful for civilization . Kindle is not this . Kindle is bad for several reasons . First of all , it will soon become obsolete to pocket computers , which the New York Times reported are in development by Google . And at that point , these wonderful books will be on digital screens , right next to pornography and MySpace . This is leading to the diluting of information in general , and anyone who denies it is naive . What has happened to the value of holding a book in your hands ? Of spilling it coffee on it , of cracking the cover , of writing snarky comments at the author ? All of this is erased for a clean digital screen which admits no pencil smears , no dogearing pages , no pulling the book down after 30 years and smelling the old book smell . Putting my favorite books on a computer screen is terrifying and , for knowledge , tenuous . What a wretched invention .
 ... like most of these devices -LRB- Sony , RocketBook , Palm , WinCE , etc. -RRB- DRM pretty much kills the deal . -LRB- 1 -RRB- What guarantees access 5 , 10 years down the road with books licensed to specific devices ? -LRB- 2 -RRB- Why would a user invest the initial high cost of a device that is limited to one source of digital content -LRB- Amazon -RRB- . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Why should a user have to pay Amazon to convert documents so they can be read on the Amazon Kindle ? -LRB- 4 -RRB- Why does n't the Amazon Kindle aloow use with multiple formats like MobiReader , MS Reader -LRB- lit -RRB- , Adobe Secure PDF ? -LRB- 5 -RRB- A library offers a wide selection of reading materials generally unlimited by the physical boundaries of a building -LRB- i.e. , interlibrary loans -RRB- . Will Amazon provide unlimited access or will they determine what you can read?All in all , Amazon Kindle and its predecessors are a step forward ; however , these steps a miniscule with limited readaing resources , lack of color and extremely limited gray scale displays and severe limitations on presentations -LRB- how do you read a text book with pictures of varying sizes on the page and in a large textbook format -RRB- Keep Trying !
 I am glad that so many beta testers have chimed in but there is a problem with this device and forgive me for judging Kindle by its cover but that is the problem here . As many electronics manufacturers - including Apple - have proven over time ... its all about the interface if you want to sell a hand held device . It looks like the interface , button layout , keyboard , etc. were an after thought . Great looking screen - lousy interface and case design . Please do a total redesign of the case - remember that the iPod sold because people wanted other people to see them with the iPod because the iPod looked cool - why do you think that the iPod ads showed a white iPod and headphone wires on a black silhouette ? Try imagining the Kindle on a black silhouette of a person and you get the idea .
 This was a good effort by Amazon , but their lack of experience in hardware design shows through very clearly.Major flaws include :1 . The buttons are misplaced and extremely easy to hit by accident causing your page to flip unexpectedly . Inexplicably , the NEXT PAGE button on the left side is only 1/3 the size of the PREV PAGE button , when in fact you want to go to the next page 99.9 % of the time . On the right side , the NEXT PAGE button is properly sized , but it consumes nearly the entire right side of the device , all the way to the underside of the unit , making it annoyingly easy to accidentally bump and click . This is something I am certain Amazon will fix in their next version , so you should wait .2 . Page turns are slow . I clocked nearly 2 full seconds . This makes the accidental click even more annoying since it takes you a while to page back to where you 're supposed to be . I have seen prototype e-ink displays where the page turn is far faster than this , meaning
 from this monstrosity . There is no better feeling than buying a new book , holding its smooth surface in your hands , running your thumb along the pages , watching your bookmark make its way toward the end , sticking it on your shelf with other great classics worthy of shelf-space and care , and then taking a step back and saying , `` I have read these books and I love them . '' Page after page after page - some leave ink on your thumb and some do n't , some have a strong smell of cardboard and some have almost no smell , some are so well designed that they could be framed on your wall and some are cheap and plain , some are slick and some are rough - ah ! the beauty of a book.Well , public , you asked for it and you got it
 Why make the content and this device so expensive ?!! If you wanted this thing to take off , make it a sell through price , get us all onboard and hooked , and offer a lot cheaper content . Heck , paperbacks are less than $ 10.00 still right ? I truly think Amazon and the creators of this elitist only-for-the-rich product have lost their marbles . I love gadgets but this is one I have no trouble passing by . I agree with others who suggested this item should have retailed for $ 50.00 maximum and the books at $ 5 ... then amazon would have a success .
 I personally do not think that there is that large of a market for this , maybe 20 + years down the line when all the techie kids have grown up , if they even still read books.there is still a huge market for paper books . people who read books do not want to watch a screen , they want to turn pages in a book and throw it around and have something physical to touch.this is too expensive to be marketable , at an $ 80 price you will get more buyers , but I can buy more then a years worth of used paperbacks for the same price of $ 300 -LRB- witch would get me NO books on this electronic device -RRB- sorry , I have just seen many companies try this unsuccessfully , and using the amazon name will do nothing , it is a issue with the device itself and people WANTING to use this.It would be like trying to build a bicycle that is full of electronics , it has no real application and is marketed to the wrong crowd , it serves no purpose besides fulfilling the needs of a tech-head who DOES have the money to spend .
 I do n't know the answers . Here are some questions . Does the Kindle handle color ? Video ? Illustration ? If so , what are the limitations and methods available ? As far as I can see , there has been no comment on any of these matters . These are omissions of profound import.JIMBOps . You might add communications other than with Amazon .
 This product look like what I used 20 years ago.and the interface is so stupid and how can it compare with iPod?Amazon should spend time to make the shopping experience and website better.Not to selling some ugly , and bad interface product .
 What a stupid product to spend money on ... All you have to do is simple pick up the damn book and read it . Why spend $ 400 ?? If you 'll buy this , you 'll pretty much buy anything !
 I do n't have this product , and I 'm not planning to have it . US$ 400 is an astronomical amount for just reading . You can do the same with a legacy palm m500 or any other cheap device . Well , actually I can do more without propietary formats and a high base of applications to choose . I know perfectly why e-books are not the default media for new books and it 's because all of this expensive gadgets designed only for reading books , instead of using existing products . What if I have an smart phone and I 'm traveling for a couple of weeks , should I bring my smart phone plus my bulky book reader in my hand bag or should I purchase my e-books in a format that can be read by my smart phone ?
 Make sure you 're willing to loose any content you purchase from Amazon digitally.I had the same experience with purchasing eBooks from Amazon as many others . I actually prefer to read and store my books on my laptop . To me the experience is easily as good as a physical book and travel is much easier . HOWEVER , I lost 2-3 hundred dollars of books when my computer crashed . I had to do a re-install -LRB- same OS , software , hardware etc. -RRB- . Although my DRM protected imusic and other protected software came back on-line fine , my eBooks from Amazon -LRB- using Adobe format -RRB- did not . I contacted both Adobe and Amazon but neither was helpful at all . Amazon went so far as to tell me that the 30 day window was up - there was n't a 30 day window on the Digital Library when I purchased books in the first place . Until companies figure out how to balance DRM with a paying user actually being able to use the content they purchased , there are going to be a lot of issues .
 It 's quite sad to spend such amount of money to get a product which is still owned by its manufacturer . I prefer to have books without DRM in . odt or . txt , . latex or even . pdf file-format . I still use a Palm 501 , but I 'm its only owner : -RRB-
 Books have been around for a long time . Do n't add DRM to the already-functional `` book '' model . There 's no reason for me to buy such products , as long as the companies who sell me the products and the content continue to cripple them with unwanted features like DRM.The technical literature is filled with horror stories related to DRM and the perpetual control asserted by the schmucks who sell the equivalent of temporary , revocable licenses , instead of the actual right to use what you bought , in reasonable ways .
 I ordered this product because it seemed like the perfect gift for my hustand who read constantly . I actually bought two . I received the Kindels but was never able to download a book . I called the help lines and was given all kinds of reasons as to why . You are not in the continental U.S. -LRB- Virgin Islands -RRB- . You need to set up an account . I had one and gave them the number with my credit card and all . Still would not work . I was then told to buy a gift card and put in my account . I did that but it still did not work . Then I was told to go to some store and buy a prepaid card and charge to that . I did not even see an option for that . Understand , there were plenty of bars and had no problem downloading the partial books to see if he liked them . I have to send them both back as I can not use them . Very disappointing and your tech people should be better trained . Zona Corbin
 I looked up the price for the last couple new paperbacks I purchased . Several are more expensive on the Kindle than they are in the bookstore . The logic there escapes me.Frankly , it 's because of greed that things like this fail . There 's no reason why data-only content should exceed hardcopy pricing . It should n't be anywhere close . You ca n't transfer it , you ca n't loan it to a friend , you ca n't sell it back later , and the costs of production are nonexistent.I spend a couple hundred dollars a month on books alone . Price is n't usually something I pay close attention to . However , the pricing on this is insulting . While I do n't mind paying a premium for convenience , with online shopping and cheap express shipping , this does n't come close to making sense.Paying these prices would make me feel gullible and stupid . Until the price-gouging stops , I 'll stick with traditional books . At least those wo n't be outdated or useless and can be lent out to friends . Hopefully some day media companies will catch on to the real world and offer affordable reasonable products via online delivery . But all the hype and Amazon marketing in the world would n't get me to buy this .
 I have read a lot of the reviews and thought I 'd add my two cents.I appreciate the feature of not having it connected to a computer , it means I can buy another book when I 'm away from home if I need something else to read . I 'm willing to live with the fact that I 'll have to buy books specifically for the Kindle . I would primarily use it when I travel as a way to not have to pack multiple books or make a decision before I leave what kind of mood I 'm going to be in during my trip.However , the biggest drawback I see -LRB- and the one that will keep me from purchasing this until until it 's resolved -RRB- is that a paper back book I can read on an airplane from the time I board until the time I land . A kindle has to be put away from the time the doors close until 10,000 feet , and then again when we land . If Amazon can clear this device with the FAA -LRB- even if `` Airplane mode '' must disable the wireless while airborn -RRB- then I have a real reason to purchase this device .
 hat a another great Ebook device that is way overpriced . The only way people en mass will move to ebooks is when they are affordable and practically priced . There is little about this or any Ebook to justify the high price .
 Be careful before you buy this . Make sure to read the many negative reviews written by people who have no reason to be biased against the Kindle . Amazon has a short window for you to return the Kindle for full price .
 When I buy a book I want to hold and keep it on my shelf when I am done . The model for this machine should be books as a service . That means charge a monthly fee for the downloading of books . Also open it up to the educational market . Let students `` rent '' their textbooks and let teachers send materials to the whole class . Too much of the cost of a book is in the printing , storing -LRB- inventory -RRB- and shipping of books . If these costs do n't exist for an e-book let the consumer pay much less for an e-book . $ 10 is too much for a book .
 Not much more that I can add with the number of bad reviews!Today , I looked at this item and it was interesting . After reading the reviews I found out that you can not download text format , including RTF , TXT , or HTML . What is the use ? You are charged for every blog and download . Then , as I read , one buyer could not take it out of his house ... WHAT ... why in the world would I buy it if I can not take it outside of the house ? The purpose of it is for me to use on when I travel . Besides the pricey $ 399.99 for this device , it not in color , come on ! When they were designing this , no one said , hey ... for this price we should make it color . If I am going to spend my money on it and it downloads through WiFi , which is good , I want to see COLOR!I did take comment from some of the others and looking into a Sony and was very pleased with the reviews . I can add more memory . You can not do that with this!Oh ! Before I end it let me just say , the thing is UGLY !!!! That one reason why I had to give it 1 Star . I wish I could give it NO stars for the way it looks . I would not be caught with it . I am waiting for my Sony to get here .
 This is a poor attempt at a reader . - Very expensive - limited titles - waste of money - buy sony if you want qualityI am very disappointed with Amazon on this disaster of a product . You would be better served donating $ 399 to a charity than buying this piece of garbage .
 If you are into handheld video games , go for a Gameboy , DS or a PSP .
 Have yet to open the box - the customer service was so horrendous it destroyed any excitement I would have otherwise felt .
 I purchased my Kindle in April 2008 and loved it . It had it 's little foibles , and my husband complained when we received our credit card bill every month , but for an avid reader like me , it was great . Fast forward a year and a half ... After sitting in my bedroom drawer for a couple of weeks , I pulled it out . The screen was blank , so I charged it . When I then went to read , the silver scroll bar on the side was n't there . I did a couple of hard resets to no avail , and then called customer service . Apparently , they have no ideas other than the hard reset.Even though I bought it at full-price -LRB- I believe it was still $ 499 when I bought it -RRB- , and I 've spent quite a bit on books -LRB- $ 555 from Jan 1 to Sep 1 of this year alone -RRB- , the only option they gave me was to spend an additional $ 99 to exchange mine for a refurbished one . So , right now I have probably $ 2k invested in a 1.5 year old doorstop . I did a web search on Kindle reviews , and found very quickly that there are a number of customers in this same boat . I would just recommend that buyers are aware that to continue to access your purchases -LRB- i.e. , books and magazines -RRB- you have to be ready to replace your device at regular intervals .
 I received a kindle as a 40th present 18 months ago and thoroughly enjoyed the gimmick of having a device that was supposed to hold up to 3000 books . I think mine got to about 45 books -LRB- a few which I have not read -RRB- and then it packed up and is no longer useable . I tried contacting the amazon help team in the uk and the usa -LRB- both were extremely helful -RRB- but they could n't resolve the problem . I spent 3 hours trying to resolve the issues and got nowhere . The staff are very well trained and extremely helpful and under no circumstance does my complaint extend to any member of the help teams in either countries . But I now have a device which is totally useless but cost me 150 pounds sterling or $ 300 Australian . Nor do not have a book to show for it . I would n't recommend the kindle to anyone as it does not live up to it 's reputation . If I knew it would last this long then I would have bought a cheap ebook and accepted the chances that it would pack up pretty quickly and accepted the loss . There are other ereaders out there and I would recommend to anyone to check these out first before they even consider the kindle .
 I am so dissappointed with my Kindle Fire . Annoying problems include :1 . Short battery life - while my original Kindle would hold a charge for a couple of weeks , the Fire needs a charge daily .2 . When opening to any screen , whether books or video , etc. it takes you not to your own items but to the Amazon library . I want to see my stuff unless I specifically want to shop .3 . When playing a video , it ca n't tell which direction is up and about half the time plays the video upside down - I have to turn the device the proper direction because it ca n't figure it out .4 . Some videos do n't play -- even though they are downloaded -- unless it detects wifi . Why would I bother to actually download them if I was going to always have wifi available ?? 5 . Lousy selection of TV showsThere are more little issues but these pretty much interfer with my ability to experience unbridled joy with my new Kindle . There is always some wierd little thing with which to contend . I want my old Kindle and I want to give this one back !
 Extremely disappointed with the Amazon Kindle . I bought it because I was under the impression that it would be useful and efficient for my university work . However , half of the time the files do not send to the kindle and when they do they are not fully there . It is also slow and unresposive . I would not recommend paying anywhere near 150 for this product . Thoroughly disappointed and irritated .
 The kindle is one of my favorite gadgets to use . I love how easy and convenient it is to download books and have them instantly available on the kindle and kindle library . It is a great concept except for the fact that the first kindle I purchased lasted for two glorious weeks then froze , rendering it completely useless . After I received my replacement kindle I downloaded some school textbooks and a couple novels . In the middle of the novel , -LRB- one that is impossible to put down -RRB- , my brand new kindle FROZE . Again . I was devastated that one of the best books I have ever read was ripped from my grasp yet again , not to mention my extremely expensive textbooks were not available to me during class . I wish I had a device that was worth the $ 139.00 I spent on it !!! If I ca n't use the device due to technical difficulty , I guess it does n't really matter how ingenious a concept it is ... . Wish I spent the money on some old fashion paper books instead .
 I received my Kindle in the mail and it will not sync my notes and highlights with my other device -LRB- iphone -RRB- . I called customer service and they could not figure out why it was n't syncing either . Another issue that I came across is that it will not charge . Another issue is that the skype app is supposed to be preloaded on my model and it was not . I wish I had never ordered a kindle all it did was frustrate me . I will say that the customer service representatives have all been friendly and professional while dealing with this issue .
 I got my 3G kindle for mother 's day in 2011 - it was great - I love reading on it , the ease of use , etc was wonderful . It crapped out in January 2012 - 9 months later - lines and bars on the screen etc , The customer service then was great - replaced it right away - no problem . I have had this second device 363 days and it just crapped out too - same problem , lines and bars on the screen . I was told it is no longer under warranty and that I just have ` bad luck '' . I could replace it with a discounted refurbished kindle for $ 79 - why would I ? My track record is that this device is not good for very long ... The 2 service reps just apologized nicely and could n't offer anything better or any assurances that a new device would be better . This is terrible customer service > BTW we have a Mac , Mac laptop , IPad , etc - devoted Apple people = but not for the kindle . They really need to improve the manufacture of these devices.Roberta
 This consumer owns a first generation Kindle just out of warranty period . The product 's screen is wearing out . The cursor moves upon and down the left margin and defines the initial word on every line then jumps about the page when a menu selection is attempted . Higlights appear suddenly and screen lighting fades in and out . After numerous attempts to correct the problem with customer service support , I 've been informed that there is NO FIX.That being said , I asked for compensation toward a new product and was told by Jim , 694813 , that I would be compensated $ 20 toward a reconditioned Kindle Touch or 3G Wi-Fi . Initial investment of $ 320 . I have had the product for three years and bought $ 700 in books.I would not purchase any Kindle product or any e-book from Amazon . I am no longer an Amazon customer.This situation reeks of corporate greed .
 I recieved a Kindle as a gift in December 2011 . As of January of 2012 I have 120 archived items . I loved it ! Christmas 2012 I recieved a Kindle Paperwhite and have read 2 books since and there is no comparison to my original . The only good thing is the light . I do n't like the fact that you ca n't see the page you are on , changing pages is awkward and takes several tries every time , but if you even tough the screen my mistake it changes . The fancy bookcovers instead of the list of items is not an improvement and the other book covers that are I suppose to make me buy other books are not welcome . I am very very disappointed with this new device and will most likely go back to my old one . I would not recommend the Paperwhite to anyone and I was a big fan of my original .
 This product is extremely over priced.I 've used it for reading 5 books before I bought an Ipod touch ... Let 's take a moment to compare what you can buy with that amount of money ... You could purchase a brand new Ipod touch . With that you could listen to music , audio books , watch movies/tv shows as well as view web pages and get up to date news/weather , but you want to read E books , you need an E book player right ? Well guess what ... The Ipod touch does that as well and works great !!! Oh , btw , it has wifi too and the only time you really have to plug it into a computer is when your charging it . That is unless your using a wall socket or cig lighter to charge ... For the money I would get the product thats prooven to make people happy as well as meet all needs and beyond . Hope this review helps ...
 Terrible product , I can not believe there is a line for this ... I think they just say sold out to make it more popular . I ordered this product and about a month later I got it . I was so excited to try it out . . and it worked great for about 3 hours ... then it got stuck , it wont navigate away from the page that I was on . I tried to reset , take the battery out . . everything . Even the guys on the phone werent able to figure out the issue.I think the eINK technology has not integrated well with the amazon product . The customer service guys said this was a common problem and they would send me a new one . That turns off my interest in eBooks for the time being.This is a great product if it works ... unfortunately for me , it was a terrible experience .
 I was quite excited about the Kindle - and still am - but returned mine while waiting for a few things to be fixed -LRB- I hope -RRB- in the next release . So much is great - the wireless downloads of books , the electronic ink , the way you can dogear or bookmark - all the hard stuff really . However , Amazon needs to fix the page forward button so it does n't require careful placing of your hands while reading to keep from advancing the page . That makes reading less than enjoyable . The power switch needs to be on the front not the back . Seems like a small thing but because of the page buttons , you tend to hit them everytime you go to turn off the Kindle . With only one `` side of the page '' , Amazon gives you a leather folio in which to put the Kindle while reading and transporting - but the Kindle does n't stay in snugly so it does n't really work . Need to fix that or better yet make it open up onto two pages with screens . OK - cost is probably prohibitve but maybe some day ? Once addressed , I would definitely by another - mostly for travel . I would still read paper books at home .
 It is neat but was hard for me to hold since barely touching either side turns the page . Even with the cover on . I had to return . Too expensive and page turner in the way .
 I would really like to buy a Kindle as I often travel and I 'm tired of lugging around books and a computer to read my business pdf documents . A Kindle would reduce that to one light-weight reader . BUT the Kindle wo n't read pdf files without having to send them in via email to be converted . Businesses do n't like this because it violates confidentiality - what kind of business would want their unencrypted business plans and financial reports going through email to be encrypted and then back as equally unencrypted pdf documents ? I 'm a management consultant dealing with corporate compliance and all of my clients have strict policies about confidentiality with many of them having encryption software required on portable computers . Amazon is really missing the mark on this and since the Kindle is based on LINUX , it should be fixable . After all , it would increase sales and I 'm sure Amazon would like that .
 This is a good idea , but the price is way too high and the selection of book titles is too limited . I seldom buy best sellers . If the price were lower and all of Amazon 's book inventory were available on this device , I would consider it .
 If sold at $ 100 , I could definitely be interested in this product . But when you sell it at $ 400 , then people are going to compare it with iPhone technology . At $ 400 I would expect the following : A sleeker , easier to use design -LRB- it looks 5 yrs old -RRB- Touch screen -LRB- keypad takes up 30 % of device -RRB- Color -LRB- why eliminate more books -RRB- Multi document support -LRB- at least PDF / Word -RRB- Books on tape capability10 book creditI could go on but you get the idea . It 's a cool concept , especially when traveling and I like the wireless network at no fee . Hopefully down the road they -LRB- or Apple -RRB- will get it right .
 When I received my Kindle the very first thing I did was go to the Kindle Books section to see which books I would like to download . After selecting a topic -LRB- Mystery -RRB- my first search criteria was author . I wanted to see the available list of books by author . Well , I could n't . I called customer service and explained my problem hoping the representative could tell me how to go about looking up selections by author . But alas I was told that was not an option within the browse function . I find it hard to believe that I 'm the first person who tried to browse by author . After all , every bookstore I 've ever browsed through , after being sectioned by topic , is then alphabetized by author . I think browsing by author would be a lot more useful than browsing by price . Whether the price is highest to lowest , or lowest to highest . I hope in the near future the selection of author will be added to the browse function .
 This is the coolest peice of technology - when it works . I have had my device a month and it freezes periodically for days ... its very unreliable and very frustrating . I would wait until the next generation comes out , its got to get better .
 The appeal of the Kindle for doing to books what the iPod did to music is what got me to the point of finally plonking down my money to get one . It arrived and I was excited , had my `` new electronics '' game face on and opened the box . Almost immediately I ran headlong into the major flaw -LRB- flaw -RRB- of this particular model.If you have n't seen it , the complete left and right edges are long buttons . Now , stop reading , go get a paperback book and see how you pick it up . If you 're like me , you grab it by the long edges , not with a thumb and forefinger at the bottom of the book . If your `` natural '' grasp is like mine , and you make ANY contact with the side edges , this device WILL bother you.But what , you ask , about holding it like you 're reading a book , with your thumb at the bottom of the binding and your hand opened behind the book to cradle it . Yes , this method of holding the book works , until you need to adjust or move in any way shape or form . Picture holding the device that way , with your thumb at the bottom -- now picture grabbing it with your other hand so you can press a button . Where do you grab it?Why is this all so significant ? Because these long buttons are all single-click . When you push one , you turn a page or navigate away from where you were . You will never be able to `` monkey grab '' it by the edge -- ever . You will always be required to `` daintily '' lift it like a crustless tea sandwich from the bottom and hold it up in front of you as if you were some cartoon librarian.Sadly , this goes even more for putting it down . There you are , holding it in the prescribed position , and you move to answer the phone -- please grab the unit with your free hand by the TOP of the screen , so as to avoid the edge-buttons . If you fail to do so , you WILL turn the page forward or backwards . Now me , I like to snap a book shut and throw it in my bag -- not carefully package the device back into its safe position in order to maintain my place in the book.When I got this , as a technician , I tried finding configuration values that could change the click , make it less sensitive -LRB- it is as sensitive as a space-bar ... the buttons flip very easily and are easy to hit -RRB- ; unfortunately , there are no such `` de-sensitizing '' settings.So , as a tech , I called support . The nice thing is that this model 's adoption scope is still small enough that they have n't outsourced support to people who do n't personally know the unit . I spoke with someone who was very nice , and he immediately knew about the button problem , said it was the number one complaint , and that they were planning to fix it in version 2.0 of the device.I suggested making the button double-click . He was kind of surprised by that idea . Thought it was amazing that nobody had thought of it . Said he 'd suggest it , etc. . So now I wait . If the buttons were given the option to be double-click , the `` accidental click '' problem would be gone , period . The page turning would be fully functional , and the devices that are in the field could be optimized.Personally , if I see the buttons go double-click , I 'll buy one again -- but as it stands , I sent mine back .
 I do n't own a Kindle . But I 'm a tech nerd and a voracious consumer of books . A few concerns about the Kindle that I have : - - no touch screen/wacom tablet ? The breakthrough feature of the iPhone was it 's interactivity . The Kindle looks like a menu/clicker driven device . Nowadays , that seems like a cumbersome interface . - - on-screen annotations or notes ? I do n't see this mentioned in the promo material . -LRB- Of course , it could be that notes are added via keypad and physical buttons . -RRB- The instability of electronic text is one of its greatest features - - ability to modify , markup , annotate , highlight etc. . This seems like a pretty simple presentation technology - - not a major shift in bookreading . -LRB- iRex 's Iliad is a nifty device that sports some of these features . -RRB- - - no images ? If anything , the internet has promoted a new visual culture where text and image work in close proximity to communicate meaning . Can you really `` read '' a newspaper without photos or layout ? And , what is a magazine without graphics and page display ? These kinds of texts use the pagespace of text and image to construct meaning and afford ways of reading . - - interoperability . That 's a big , hairy word - - but what it basically means is that the Kindle does n't appear to be able to handle the many kinds of text formats that we work with all day and night - - . pdf , . html , . doc , . rtf - - to name a few . Why go halfway ? If you 're going to change the technology of the book - - change it to expand its ability to handle the whole new world of textuality , to exploit the new document environments that we swim through . - - the codex book is a great technology - - not only for its efficiency but for its social aspects . I.e. I 've just re-read Don De Lillo 's White Noise for the third or fourth time , and each time I pass it on to a friend . Friends loan me books all the time . Looks like I would n't be able to share books with friends or colleagues with the Kindle . - - pricing . The device is way overpriced . I can get an iPhone now for almost half the price of a Kindle - - granted they are two different devices and assemblages - - but when I think about my `` technology '' or `` gadget '' budget - - which device am I going to spring for ? - - access structure . Someone else pointed out how cheap it is to digitize a book . And , free online versions of newspapers , blogs , and other texts are already available . Look at it this way
 Ok so some people are getting caught up on the same things I did and found very few useful things on the Kindle Discussion boards . Let me address a few things ... Pros1 . If you already have a sleuth of eBooks then how do you get them to the Kindle ? Albeit there are instructions in the Kindle user guide and discussion boards , I found that I still could not get this to work . I emailed my PDF to my account@free.kindle.com and sure enough it came back within minutes to my hotmail account with the supposed files but when I put them on the Kindle it all looked like garbage . Just a bunch of dots at the bottom of my Kindle screen . I noticed that my files were named filename.pdf and were returned from Amazon as filename.pdf.azw . I tried removing the . pdf and just leaving the . azw in the filename and it still did not work . Lo and behold I 've discovered MobiPocket Creator . It converts your PDF documents into eBooks . It 's final results are . PRC files in which a Kindle and any other eBook reader can read . You 'll have to google this one . It 's pretty easy to do .2 . I am a software developer so the books I need are usually 1000 pages or more and they are all technical . Imagine trying to lug around a shelf of books all day long . The Kindle store indeed has technical books as well!Now here comes the cons ... 1 . I could n't organize my content . I was so proud that I bought a Kindle that I showed everyone my Kindle . But everytime I did I found that my esoterical books were showing and there were some people I did n't want to know that I was reading those kinds of books who saw them on my Kindle . They never asked about it but I quickly tried to figure out how to get it so it would hide such content . There is a Content Manager on the Kindle but it 's only for moving content between the Kindle and the memory card . The book titles still showed up in the listing . Regardless of how much I connect the Kindle to my PC and organize its folders , the Kindle still just searches the folders and lists any files it finds .2 . If I could n't find what I needed then I thought I could get an account on Safari books online and download the books from there to the Kindle . But I found that Safari books online has it fair share of problems too . Like it 's more expensive for each book than Amazon . -LRB- Do n't let the tokens concept fool you . You may as well pay the $ 40 for the printed version since it takes 20 tokens to buy a book which costs $ 40 to buy the 20 tokens . -RRB- Once you download a book you ca n't just do with it as you please . It has license management crap attached to it that prevents me from converting it to a Kindle ebook using the aforementioned freeware .3 . Which leads me to con 3 but for some people it 's a pro . Amazon works daily , I believe , to try to get more books available on the Kindle . This may involve getting publishers and distributors to agree to something that may hurt their profits or require them to digitize every book which may add extra expenses , not to mention all the legal stuff that goes into it . But it 's a slow process and it seems like they are adding only hundreds of books each day and they seem to be more in the categories that I do n't care for like mystery and scary novels . I have 271 esoterical and miscellaneous books of which only 33 are available in the Kindle store . I have over 100 technical books of which 0 are available in the Kindle store .4 . In addition to con 3 , I 've already paid $ 522 for books that would cost me $ 269 to put onto my Kindle . This is more a gripe with publishers than Kindle . And it 's more of a problem with all companies who are trying to offer books in an electronic format . I think it 's unfair that I have to spend more money to get the same books I already have into a digital format . Yes this may cost publishers and distributors more money , but it 's still unfair to those who have already purchased printed versions . Now I know it 's unreasonable to expect publishers and distributors to look into the future and know what format books will be offered in , but it 's also unfair to not offer those who have purchased old formats - at a higher cost than the new formatted version - a free upgrade to the new format .5 . Also the Kindle discussion board here on amazon.com is somewhat useless if you ca n't do a search on it . Time is money for some people and they do n't want to spend time sifting through hundreds of threads and thousands of posts trying to find answers to their questions .
 Kindle
 I received my Kindle as a Christmas present . I live in the San Francisco area . It took me 4 tries to shop and download my first book - all sitting at the same desk , all whilst the device showed 5 bars and a full battery . The device would alternately freeze in the middle of an operation , or suddenly claim that it could not connect right now , suggesting that I try again later . I then took it with me into my office in San Francisco where I experienced the same erratic Whispernet performance . I could live with the connection problems -LRB- that are evidently bandwidth issues not signal strength issues -RRB- , but I have to reset the device almost everytime I try to use whispernet for anything . I suggest that the next model have a hole drilled in the back cover to facilitate resetting the device without the need to remove the back cover . I am a software engineering director with 30 years of experience and I find this device , that I wanted so much to love , to be an embarrassment to my profession . My guess is that the device works well where there are only a few whispernet users , but they neglected to design or test the software for real-world conditions .
 Now that I have used the K for a month I must say tht the K itself is a wonderful reading device . It 's just getting to it that makes it a big problem . The leather cover and `` corner '' edges are so kindergarten-like , you 'd think it was designed by people who never were expected to hold the unit . The K actually falls out of the cover.I had to glue a piece of velcro on the inside back of the unit to keep it in the case/cover . Otherwise it would be in my lap on the first page.Next , I can not believe the the on/off switch and the internet switch are both located on the rear of the unit . How does one get to it without once again causing the K to fall out of the case/cover ? I suggest that some type of hole be puched into the rear cover so that a finger can actually switch the unit on-off without that bothersome case.The most problematical issue is the `` next page '' bars and their terrible location . One can not be expected to hold/read the K without accidently hitting the next page bar and causing the book to advance beyond where you actually are reading . Certainly , a next page button could have been designed on top of the K making it far easier to hold without constantly hitting the bar.All in all the design gets a -5 score and the K as a reading devise is really good ... but it 's a very frustrating experience trying to use it easily . I expected Amazon.com to have higher quality products and I am disappointed in the lack of engineering thought given to the K.
 Very simple . There is NO PLACE TO HOLD the thing without accidently changing pages . I have had this for long enough to read 17 novels , so it is not a matter of `` getting used to it '' , it 's ergonomics are horrible . Travelling overseas renders the wireless aspect useless .
 I ca n't afford to drop a $ 400 dollar book . If I drop a paper book it does n't break . If I -LRB- worse case -RRB- drop it in a puddle I can dry it out.If it were $ 100 dollars I would buy 4 -LRB- one for each of the readers in my house -RRB- . Books are about content . A reading device needs to follow that logic . To become universal , any reader needs to deliver content without detracting from the experience -- $ 400 detracts from the experience and is out of reach . Also , $ 400 and buys an awful lot of regular books .
 ASUS Eee PC 4G Notebook PC -LRB- 7 '' , 512 MB RAM -RRB- , Pearl WhiteSame price and so much better
 So , I 've now owned the Kindle reader for about 6 hours & have nothing but problems with it !! Customer service is a JOKE ! No one is even there I swear ! The product 's Wi-Fi is aweful ! It ca n't pick up service where my laptop & cell phone are strong signals !! And yes , the wi-fi connectivity is ON . I ca n't register the product on-line or thru the device , so pretty much it 's a $ 400 worthless paper-weight !! I HATE this thing !! And was way excited to get it too !!
 This looks like a good product , but the way that I 'd use it , it 's not complete yet.If it had color capability , that would be good , but that 's not critical . See below.The thing I 'd use it for is to store and organize the hundreds of scientific papers that I work with -LRB- I 'm a physicist . -RRB- They are all available as . pdf files , and not jpgs , gifs , or word documents . If this device could store and manage . pdf files , I 'd get one in a heartbeat , even for $ 100 more . But the headaches of reformatting papers is a killer - I 'm still worried about having to e-mail them to the device . If it could tap into the internet -LRB- like it does for wikipedia , -RRB- and get . pdfs , it would be a killer device , and almost every working scientist would have one within 2 years.Regards , Martin
 The e-ink display on the Kindle flashes black when you are changing pages and takes about a second to ` turn ' the page . This forces you out of the imaginary realm of what you are reading into the real world.When you actually sit down and try to read on the Kindle -LRB- or Sony eBook -RRB- - you are constantly shoved out of your imagination by the lag and the full-screen black flash.Many have commented on the limitations of formatting and content . I have a simpler complaint - I ca n't get lost in a book in this format . The Black Flash kills the continuity .
 I cut and pasted a previous review since I have had the exact same experience . `` Then that first Kindle broke . Then the replacement broke . Then the replacement of the replacement broke . In each case , there was no physical damage . The screen simply froze with an afterimage that obscured the display of any new text . Telephone support was prompt to answer my call and did not sound surprised when they heard about the problem . But they had no solution , other than replacing the device . I have run out of patience. :
 I found that there were many other complaints that looked just like mine . After a little more than a year , the Kindle froze . This should not happen to a product that cost $ 185 , as mine did . At the least , Kindle should replace this defective product . With all the advertising they do , surely they can afford to ensure customer good will .
 I received a Kindle touch for Christmas -LRB- 2011 -RRB- and I must say I have been extremely disappointed . Not in the Kindle itself which is easy to read and to navigate , but rather in the entire business model Amazon has built . I was led to believe by the marketing materials -LRB- I know , my own fault -RRB- that you could lend books to other Kindle owners and that you could borrow books from local libraries . All of this is true but on a VERY , VERY limited scale . My local library has waiting lists of 50 or more people for the more popular titles . In addition , many books are not available to be lent to other Kindle owners . And others may only be lent once and then never again . So forget the ideas of buying a book on Kindle and then sharing it with your friends or family - it 's just not going to happen . I know the publishers control much of this , but really , they 're missing the whole point . I 'm not going to pay $ 15 for a book I ca n't pass around , when I can pay $ 18 for the real book and share it with 5 or 10 other people .
 I paid for the hardware . I pay to download the book I want to read . But I do n't own the device . Pop up ads -LRB- spam -RRB- every time I turn it on . Amazon you suck .
 I just purchased a Kindle for my 72 year old wife that uses the library often only to find one can not download library books ... she will be VERY disapointed !! Suspect I will need to return the `` book '' without even trying it !!
 I recieved my Kindle as a gift . The formatting I have seen in their version of the book I 'm reading and a few samples is deplorable -LRB- spelling , grammar , no paragraph indicators , etc. -RRB- . It 's like reading Facebook -- only it 's not Facebook
 I 've owned my Kindle for two years and stopped using it six months ago . - Book Pricing
 I was extremely excited when I first saw Amazon 's news about new e-reader . As a matter of fact , I immediately thought it would be a great Christmas gift for me . I am an avid book reader , and world traveler . I also read plenty of research -LRB- part of my job -RRB- , so the concept of that device seemed to me revolutionary . I 've considered before Sony eBook reader , but the hassle of downloads from proprietary website and limited selection of eBooks prevented me from buying the product . Kindle seemed to me like a great solution for a new way of reading books and research on the go.Unfortunately , there are several things which I do n't like about this new device . It 's only black and white -LRB- no problem with books -RRB- , so subscription to magazines and reading some of my research with graphs and charts does n't make sense . It does not support . PDF files without cumbersome conversion -LRB- 95 % of my research is written in that format -RRB- . The wireless works only on EVDO -LRB- CDMA -RRB- network -LRB- I travel abroad once every 6 weeks for extended period of time -RRB- so wireless communication does n't work abroad . The list of Kindle books is impressive but still limited . When I went through my own list of books I wanted to read over the next 12 months , only 10 % of it was in Kindle format -LRB- I imagine over time there would be more conversions -RRB- . When I buy a book , I usually share it at least with my family members -LRB- wife , brother , niece -RRB- , who have a very similar taste in book reading like me , and my understanding is that even if one of them owned Kindle , I would not be able to transfer my books to their devices . There is also a risk with your Kindle library . Yes , I understand Amazon will be backing-up your library , but if something happens to your device , you need to buy a new one , if you want to utilize the library.And the last problem -LRB- but not the least -RRB- I see is the look and feel of Kindle device itself . It is thin and light but looks more like and old type plastic -LRB- PVC covered -RRB- calculator than sleek and modern or revolutionary device . The screen seems large enough but a large portion of the device is taken by ` ugly ' looking QWERTY . I am the iPhone owner , and if one compares just the look , the feel and ergonomics of both devices , one immediately discards the Kinlde device to the garbage . And it 's not that I want Amazon to imitate Apple , but please , try to make your device more hip and fun -LRB- allow for different colors -RRB- , and come up with different skins or leather book covers , or something to create device , which is not only useful but also nice to hold in your hand . So , Amazon , I will not buy Kindle now , but wait until you update/redesign your product and make more users friendly and less limited in terms of hardware and software choices . And by the way , I do n't have a huge problem with price , but it will be nice if Kindle is at least $ 100 cheaper and eBooks are at the price level of paperbacks
 Kindle locked up . I hit the reset button on the back and it would work for about 5 minutes then lock up again . after several times it would not come back on again . Also I would lose my place in the book . Even removing the battery would not unlock it . I have returned it for credit .
 This product is even worse than Sony eReader , which was pretty bad to begin with .1 . No PDF support2 . Need to pay Sprint for file transfer ,3 . no Wi-Fi ,4 . Screen is too small ,5 . no back light option ,6 . unnecessary buttons ,7 . ugly8 . $ 400 ??? You got ta be kidding me !
 Newly added
 After 5k + reviews I doubt I will get read by anyone but here it goes . Bought it Love it then wondered where my service was . Living in rural Iowa there is no Sprint service within 50 miles ! Yeah no way to register or get books etc. . And there is nothing in the documentation that explains the miserable Sprint network is their provider for Whispernet . I would have returned it in a flash but I thought I just had to get a better signal . Then I checked Amazon/Support . Supprise !! You are not Wireless .
 This was a gift to me - I gave it back to the giver for them to return it because , you guessed it , the wireless service used by this device does n't cover the area where I live.So regardless of features , available books , privacy issues , coolness - look at the map before you order this . Look at the map closely . Remember that this particular wireless service is well known for lack of coverage away from cities and Interstate highways . Yes , I could drive about twenty miles and sit by the exit from the nearest Interstate and read . But I wo n't do that .
 Great concept , way too expensive . I 'm a geek and a bookworm , so this appeals to me greatly , but who can afford that kind of price for a single use gadget ? Good start Amazon , now bring it down to reality .
 did not ever recieve - the seller sent a letter with a sob story - eventually got refund .
 Had mine for a couple of months . It was great until it broke . It was under a magazine and I set something on top of it -LRB- not very heavy -RRB- and the screen apparently broke on the inside as it no longer works . The one star is only because of how fragile it is . It 's been more than 30 days so I doubt I 'd get any help from Amazon .
 I was suckered into buying 2 kindles after watching Oprah rave about them . Come to find out after receiving mine , there is no Sprint wireless in my area ! Major bummer . Ca n't get newspaper or magazine automatic downloads . I must go to Amazon to purchase a book , download it to my computer , then download it to my kindle . About a 5 step process , not so easy . Need to get another wireless service as Sprint is not found in about 50 % of the USA . Come on Jeff Bezos at Amazon and Sprint ! Get another wireless company or expand your service area.Also , price is way too much ! I would n't pay this much again.I will keep it and give it some time , but definitely not my favorite thing ...
 As an avid reader and user of technology , it PAINS me to write that something so promising -LRB- and needed -RRB- as the Kindle has come as such a big disappointment ... enough that it worries me this is a reflection of things to come from Amazon.While usually a trailblazer of innovative consumer-centered design , the Kindle looks more like what you would expect from a big telecom - designed more for them than for you.My big issues ? Poor design and connectivity and the stunningly low-bar someone set for what could otherwise be a revolutionary product.Rather than follow in the footsteps of the iPod , iPhone or Blackberry -LRB- or even Amazon itself -RRB- , the makers have created an unsexy device that does n't even fit well into the human hand . It has a myriad of buttons more poorly placed than my old high school clock radio . Navigation is non-intuitive and page turns , book loads and searches are slow . Unfortunately the poor features and functions outweigh cool ones like the very readable screen technology.On a side note , it is amazing that someone associated with Amazon let the web based features even make the initial white boarding session . The first Kindle is a testimony that they have gotten away from what they know best.The connectivity issues are enough to turn me away . Not only have they made a poor choice in choosing cellular , but they have partnered with Sprint , which does n't provide connectivity in 80 % of our world . Looking at their coverage map is like looking at a U.S. map before the Lewis and Clark expedition . If you are outside a major city , your Kindle is extinguished.Why not let consumers do what we do with every other wireless device and connect via WiFi ? At the very least this would ensure connectivity at the two places I would guess people read the most
 Might be interesting if they bother to provide coverage in my rural area of northern Virginia . I give it no stars .
 I do not own the Kindle and will not buy it because it is not an audio-book as well . I will wait till they combine an audio-book and an e-book ; this way I can read at home , or listen in the car . I also think that school books would be best served as a combo ; if students both read and listened at the same time , it should help them .
 You 're much better off getting a palm device that can read all open formats like txt , pdf , etc. . It 'll also be backlit and be able to do games , PIM , and much more . This device should be priced at $ 50 because you 'll be paying for content left and right with this thing .
 Design is n't perfect , especially for the price . Very cool product , but its bugs are irritating . Believe me , if you plan to read 10 pages a day -- which is n't much -- within a week you 'll wish you 'd waited for VERSION 2.0 . Funky buttons . Weird , sporadic back flashing . The buttons are n't right . Wait . Wait . WAIT . Amazon got a solid double on this one , but wo n't get a run scored until the next batter .
 I would buy one at 100 . But it is Much too restrictive . Limits you to only buying books from amazon . Imagine if you could only play songs on an ipod purchased from the itunes music store ... that would suck .
 Another failed try ! Let 's see , if we want to replace paper books and save the Amazon rainforest ; the technology is here
 I have been reading ebooks for years on various Palm products , where there are numerous sources for obtaining reading material . As well , I also have the utility of a Palm Pilot . Currently I read books which I download FREE from the public library . It is amazing that anyone would want to pay this kind of money for a dedicated system , which has only one source for material .
 The most likely reason Kindle does n't support PDF is that Adobe does n't support Kindle . What are the chances Amazon did n't go to Adobe and try to get them to sign on ? Zip . Zero . Adobe may have looked at the proprietary nature of the Kindle , concluded it was going to flop and decided they did n't want their name associated with a product failure of this magnitude.I could be wrong obviously but PDF is the 800 pound gorilla of document formats . Obviously Amazon tried for it - and they failed.Another likely possibility is that Adobe has already made agreements with another large company to develop an eBook reader . Think Google , for instance ? Who else out there is large enough to make Adobe spurn Amazon?Would Google be interested in a GPS enabled wireless device capable of displaying HTML and PDF files ? It 's a rhetorical question.My guess is that six months from now we 'll see other superior entries - ones not quite so proprietary and fully able to render PDF .
 That much is obvious . Apple brings in artists to do their product designs , it 's why they always end up in MoMa 's industrial design gallery . This ... looks like the pure-mathematics engineers designed it . I 'm sorry , but it 's terribly ugly and unappealing , it looks like part of a fax machine made in the 1990 's . It does not entice you to pick it up like an iPod Touch does.As to functionality , $ 400 is WAY over the mark for a device that nickel-and-dimes the consumer for all of its content . For that business model , they should have gone with the inkjet printer paradigm ... the printer 's $ 79 , but they keep selling you ink.And as to the e-ink and all ... can you tell me exactly what this device can do that a ten-year-old Palm or nearly twenty year old Apple Newton ca n't do ? Text files in nice fonts , check . Backlight ... does n't have it ? And it 's proprietary.Sorry , but I think Bezos missed the mark here . Steve Jobs wo n't be losing any sleep .
 I have always been interested in reading periodicals and downloaded web articles on a portable device . I have progressed through a Palm , various notebooks , a treo , a Blackberry , and now on the Sony Reader and the Kindle . The main reason for using an ebook reader is the eink is significantly easier to read than any other digital screen . This is one area where the Kindle falls significantly short . The 2nd generation Sony Reader has an uncannily sharp screen . When you look at it it almost looks like the letters are little black stickers stuck on an off-white screen . When I first started the Kindle I immediately wanted to turn up the contrast -LRB- not possible -RRB- . The letters are not quite black and the screen is not quite white so there is considerably more strain in reading the Kindle than the Sony Reader.The second reason to use an ereader is that the battery life is so long that is not really an issue , eink screens do not use power except to turn the page so they last about a week . The Sony and Kindle are equivalent if you turn off the largely-unnecessary wireless on the Kindle.The Kindle is larger and heavier than the Sony Reader although not noticeably . The real problem lies in the Kindle design ; every edge of the device is surrounded with long easily pressed buttons so that there is ultimately only one way to hold it -LRB- both thumbs by the front logo -RRB- any other way to relieve stress by shifting positions while reading generally results in a button press . The Sony is smaller , lacks the obtrusive keyboard and has small convenient buttons that allow you multiple ways of holding the device.Getting media on both systems is identical although the Kindle does n't seem to have any convenient way to organize files , resulting in a long list of titles that must be sorted through . The Sony has a far superior and more intuitive interface . The Kindle also has a strange secondary lcd which you must click multiple time to take any action in the user interface . I suppose they did this because the screen redraws are slow with eink . Sony 's solution with multiple buttons down one side is more intuitive.The Kindle offers no way to rename or edit the file info of files on the system to improve organization . The Sony software and third party software does this nicely on the Sony Reader . As a result , Gutenberg books and some content from Fictionwise gets labeled with strange unchangable confusing labels . I currently subscribe to three drm-free magazines from Fictionwise . I also subscribe to two newspapers from Amazon . The Amazon papers are expensive and fairly incomplete versions of the respective papers and I ca n't load them on any other device or my computer . The Fictionwise magazines may be loaded on any device or read on the computer . They are also complete versions.The Sony device provides a far superior reading experience in terms of comfort , weight , product design , and easy of reading . The Kindle seems of far less build quality and no effort seems to have gone into the design or user interface . Where Amazon did seem to put all its effort is into the store/business model . It is far easier to purchase material for the Kindle and Amazon has a far greater selection , but the single restrictive format means that you will never really own your books , you are just renting them for the life of the Kindle business or until a better device comes out . Of course then you will need to repurchase all your books . This is n't so painful when referring to one-off periodicals such as newspapers , which most people do n't archive . Unacceptable for books.The Sony covers many more formats than the Kindle although they have to be generated to the specific screen size of the device . You can convert formats to the Kindle using Amazon 's staggeringly inconvenient email conversion , which has yet to convert a document correctly.All total I prefer the Sony , I read material from Fictionwise , Gutenberg Manybook , and the web . The screen is better . I have not bought books from the Sony store and do n't recommend buying them from the Amazon store . Perhaps when the quality of the hardware improves to the level of the Sony and the business model changes to allow conversion and the right of resale -LRB- which Amazon previously said was critical for books -RRB- then I will be able to rate the Kindle more highly than two stars . Right now it feels like a rushed-to-market attempt to impose a close drm system rather than a carefully designed means to provide convenient content to the customer .
 With a price tag like that , it 's like spending $ 400 dollars for the book cover and having to pay extra for the printed material inside . If you really want this to be a success , significantly cut the price . I paid $ 70 for my PDA and I get Mobipocket for free . Books are still about the same price . Plus there are tons of books free on the internet.I just read Mark Twain 's Around the World in 80 days on my PDA and I did n't have to pay for it .
 THere is know way at all to organize my readinings ! It is acomplete waste of money and i had to sell it on ebay . please do not buy this product
 There are some good ideas here -LRB- the dictionary , web surfing etc. -RRB- but the lack of pdf . support is a killer , and the overall concept of linking the device to a proprietary book format will doom this device . The iPod and iTunes model was successful because iPod supported the mp3 format , not just the iTunes proprietary format . The analogy here is pdf.In order for the electronic reader market to get going , you have to give people the ability to easily put their own content on it -LRB- charging for putting Word files on it is ridiculous -RRB- . People will pay for proprietary formatted best-sellers etc. from Amazon if the format has ease-of-use features that pdf does n't -LRB- indexing etc -RRB- , but people wo n't widely adopt a device that does n't allow them to put on their own content , particularly when the selection of proprietary content is poor . Unless you read just best sellers and the most popular blogs , you are out of luck.I thought Bezos was all about the idea that the long tail is a huge part of the market . If your reader does n't let people access it easily , it is doomed.Unfortunately , the Sony reader suffers similar and other problems . Its pdf support is poor , it does n't have web capabilities , and it does n't even have a dictionary . When will someone get this right ?!! The iliad seems the closest ...
 Great product , great idea ... but $ 400 ! You have to be kidding . For that price , most people will pass , or buy an Ipod and like 30 books ! Whoever priced this thing had no business degree . If they were smart , they would take a loss on it , price it at $ 150 and grow some market share . Make the maoney off the downloads , not the hardware . Poor poor decision . I think they will learn and drop price once the initial sales are lackluster .
 I love kindle , but not in its current version . My use of kindle is 50 % book/magzine reading , 50 % web/blog reading.My first complain about current version of kindle is the browser
 I would love to praise the Kindle , because it is a great idea and I love Jeff Bezos . But it just does n't work at several levels . The first 3 books I tried to buy -LRB- and they were common titles -RRB- were not available . Paperback size is not a good format for reading a newspaper . Mostly , it is hard to avoid hitting the wrong buttons and losing the page you are on . I think one might get used to holding the Kindle so as not to do this , but it was a pain . Also , we went on a trip and there were several places where we did n't have wireless reception , so I did n't get my newspaper and was unable to connect to the store . It 's a great idea , but needs much more refinement . Also , the book cover was very cheaply made . Not good for a $ 400 item . Sorry , it 's still at beta level !
 I just got this as a gift from the parents . Cool idea , I 'm sure everyone has thought of this at one point or another.That being said , I 'll never use this . My parents spent $ 400 on it , and then they want you to pay $ 10 for each book you read ? This thing is entirely too costly . I tried sending a word doc to my kindle and it even tried charging me for that ! This thing nickels and dimes you every which way it can . I understand $ 10 is a good price for a book , but not after you just spent $ 400 buying the device to read it .
 I have just received the Kindle as a gift , and I could say a lot about what I like about the Kindle - which is quite a bit - but until they actually have a decent book list , they are doomed to failure . Many of the major authors of the 20th century are not represented at all - Faulkner , Bellows , Steinbeck , to name just a few . No Tolkien , in another genre . The book list is padded with junk no one will ever read - hence this is a `` Potemkin Village '' of an e-book device . They gloss over this fatal flaw but it will do them in soon if it is not fixed . I strongly recommend that you search the book list on line before buying .
 I am a speech therapist , 48 years old , living in a rural area in Arizona . The nearest decent bookstore is in Tucson , 4 hours away . When I heard about Kindle , I was ecstatic -- I love to read , so the ability to instantly buy and read books was a marvelous idea . I read all the blurbs , then bought the device.Reader , I sent the device back one hour after opening the box , bitterly disappointed . I am not disparaging the device itself , but rather the fact that service is not available in my area . In fact , the closest area that has service is Tucson . I thought I had read everything , but buried in all the fine print was the service availability map . Pity I did n't see it first.To the people who wrote the advertisement for this device , please PLEASE state in the beginning paragraph that service is not available in all areas and put the map link there , please ? And developers -- service in the rural areas would be very much appreciated ! It looked like a great product .
 If your Kindle is lost or stolen -LRB- as mine was -RRB- you can deregister it , so that the thief -LRB- or lucky finder -RRB- can not make purchases that you have to pay for . HOWEVER , Amazon WILL NOT mark it as lost or stolen . So the thief -LRB- or lucky finder -RRB- can register it and use it as though they paid for it.The reason I was given is the the purchaser may want to sell it . That is asinine reasoning . To sell it , all I have to do is deregister it . The purchaser can then register it . Only someone who hates the seller would break the law and sell something then report it stolen . If Amazon allowed for a binary bit in their database for Kindle 's lost or stolen , they would be helping to protect their customers . It seems obvious that is too much for them to do . Perhaps they think it will increase sales ? I do n't know . I DO know that I wo n't be shelling out another $ 360 for one .
 I would like to preface this review by saying that I love this machine - I have only had it for 36 hours , but am in love . It is fantastically small , light and very user friendly BUT ... Clearly , I gave it two stars for a reason.Here 's the deal ... I had read several other reviews about the horrible joke for the case that comes with the Kindle -LRB- you know , the one with a tiny .5 mm lip that 's supposed to hold it together -RRB- , I had ordered myself a `` real '' case that would actually HOLD it 's contents securely -LRB- shocking , I know -RRB- . Since I have n't received the case yet , though , I 've been using the one that came with the Kindle.Last night , about 26 hours after receiving my Kindle , IT FELL OUT OF THE CASE 1.5 FEET to the floor . The screen is now damaged - completely black and unusable . I contacted Kindle support , and of course , this type of damage is not covered by the 1 year warranty . They do n't even have a repair system in place , and my only option is to purchase a new one at a discounted price . Given it 's extreme fragility , and the money that I 've already put into it , I 'm taking my time to think about this.I have several friends that have the Sony Digital Reader for over a year , and they 've never had any issues with theirs , they even stay in their cases ! Keep this in mind when you decide to purchase . I 'm certainly reconsidering my choices right now .
 Just an update . It 's been six months since I have touched the Kindle . It 's a $ 400 paper weight . ----------------- My wife bought this for me for Christmas . I guess we were one of the `` lucky '' ones as it was delivered on Christmas eve day.I like to read , although I do n't seem to have enough time these days , but the Kindle just does n't work for me . The ergonomics are terrible , as several reviewers have noted . I see they tried to give it the form factor of a folded open book . But , it 's not a book ! They easily could have done much better if they got away from that paradigm . The refresh on the digital ink is too slow for a cursor so they had to add the funny reflective scroll bar that is hard to see in low light . I was also disappointed with the user interface . It 's clunky at best . I suspect they were again severely limited by the digital ink capabilities . The touted web interface is a joke . Trying to access my simple web email interface was long and drawn out . Forget an even slightly complicated web site.I have a hard time getting lost in a book with this thing . I just find it too uncomfortable in the case or out . I also wish that you could read the books on a PC , much like an audio book or an MP3 . Having my entire purchased library only available on one screen is just too limiting . The only way I can share a book is by giving my entire library to someone , or by buying another kindle ! The subscription services seem decent , but I have a hard time finding time to read my local paper and could not even come close to justifying this thing on what little time I have to read other news sources . Plus you miss out on most of the photos , graphics and layout . That is not always a minor point.It was a nice gift , but when I found out it cost $ 400 I about fainted . Considering they have a monopoly on the wireless content and will make a ton of money from the purchases , this thing should sell for $ 100 or less . At least sell it for $ 400 and give a $ 300 credit towards purchases.I suppose if you are a fiction or best seller fanatic and/or travel a lot , then this would be marginally worth it . In it 's current form it seems mostly a novelty product where people pay a premium to have `` instant content '' as more of a gimmick . $ 400 will buy a lot of paperbacks . My favorite seller is the half priced used book store . They even have many of the best sellers a couple of weeks after they are released.If they improve the ergonomics and the cost it might be justifiable for it 's limits . As for me , if it was n't a gift from a loved one , it would already be on eBay .
 I am one month out of my year warranty and last night my kindle froze . Nothing woud work despite my attempts to reset and reboot . When I contacted amazon for help they basically said that this kindle is out of warranty so despite the fact that the product seems to be defective I woud need to pay a $ 65.00 fee plus shipping and handling . A brand new kindle costs $ 79.00 ... According to the man that helped me this is a common problem and they have not yet resolved it . I understand that a warranty is a warranty I just expected more from this product as well as from this company . I loved my kindle so much but I am concerned that this a common problem and I do n't want to make the same mistake twice . Does anyone have any advice or has anyone had better luck with reading devices from other companies ?
 I bought a kindle over a year ago and it broke within the first 8 months . Researching i discovered that the kindle had a popular screen defect . It was replaced with a second kindle but that one also broke 5 months later with the same problem . With my warranty now being up i was only offered a small discount off of another and didnt have the option of purchasing any kind of extended warranty . I would suggest the Nook to anyone looking for an e-reader !
 I purchased a Kindle that broke just days after the warranty expired . I turned it on one day after it had been sitting on a shelf in a protective case and the screen was no longer functioning . I called customer support , and they told me they could n't fix it and OFFERED TO SELL ME A NEW ONE . When I pointed out that there was no way I would buy a new one after this one broke so quickly , they assured me that this one probably would n't be defective . Seriously ??? If it 's defective , give a new one for free or fix my old one . I 'm sad to say that I purchased so many Kindle books that will go to waste now , but there is no way I am giving this company more business .
 Customers need to be aware that the kindle is incompatible with library ebook system . I am very disappointed as our location library list many devices that are compatible but Kindle is not .
 Upon arriving in ND , zip code 58495 I decided to get another Kindal to use during my extended stay . Imagine my frustration upon receiving my 2nd Kindal that this area had almost no access to service ! Had to drive 150 miles to even connect this device . Needless to say , anything in archives can not be accessed from my present location .
 Be very very careful about ordering this product from Amazon . The company ships out this product - expensive as it is - with a LIVE link to your account -LRB- i.e. , credit card on your Amazon one click account -RRB- via the US postal service WITHOUT requiring a delivery signature or authentication in order to activate the live link to your credit card account with Amazon ! Apparently the rocket scientists went to work for NASA , not Amazon - how else could you possibly explain the incredible stupidity of a company virtually sending out access to their customers ' credit card accounts without any control ! My Kindle was apparently delivered 4 dqys BEFORE Amazon 's `` delivery estimate '' - so it was purely by chance that I discovered that my Kindle had indeed been delivered to SOMEONE else ! On the `` Manage your kindle '' page , I saw that 3 books I pre-ordered which should have been downloaded automatically when I activated the unit were indeed showing that they had been successfully delivered TO SOMEONE ELSE , i.e. , to whomever received my Kindle . Amazon has been incredibly unhelpful - they wo n't even process a complaint and refund for me until 3 days AFTR the estimated delivery date - which in this case happens to be 4 days AFTER the kindle was actually delivered -LRB- which the USPS web site confirms -RRB- to someone else . How irresponsible !
 I tried to buy a popular book -LRB- Elements of Style -RRB- and it was not available . Next I tried to buy a popular author -LRB- Neal Asher -RRB- and he was not available . I tried to buy a newspaper and it froze up so badly I had to remove the battery to get it to reboot.The above is my fist 5 minutes of experience with the Kindle.Jim
 After seeing the Kindle on the Oprah show , I immediately ordered it . It arrived quickly and with no shipping charge , but ... the wireless network needed for the Kindle is not available in Alaska . So , I had to send my wonderful toy back.I now know that the wireless information is located in the online product description -LRB- if you keep scrolling down -RRB- . Would n't it would be better service if Amazon would warn Alaska buyers before sending the product?Couldn ' t an optional wireless internet feature be added ?
 I must say I enjoy my Sony 505 much better than the Kindle . The books are cheaper and with the new ` light ' I can read anytime anywhere . I use my sony just for books and have no need for the newspaper or blogs as I have a computer at home and a laptop for that . I wish I would not have waisted -LRB- my opinion -RRB- the money on this . I find the Sony and its new cover w/light a much better product for the money . I am an avid reader and find that the fonts do not tire the eyes . I would recommend the Sony for folks who need the book for books only . If you want an all-in-one well ... for what its worth , save your money until they get a 2nd or even a 3rd generation .
 I thought this was a good product that I would enjoy taking on trips . After ten days -LRB- on May 2 -RRB- , my Kindle died . Wo n't turn on , wo n't charge . I sent Amazon an e-mail and just got a form response . Not a good experience for a $ 399 item . -LRB- Added on May 5th
 Although I love the Kindle , browsing for books to buy is tedious bordering on impossible . Leafing though thousands of pages , with 6 books per page , soon discourages me . Then there are the six or eight repeats of the same title to go through . I like older books , especially older mysteries , but there is no way to browse . If it were possible to skip to location '' *** '' , as we can do when locating a page in a book , that would improve browsing .
 We had this Kindle for 1 year and two weeks . At that point it died completely , and Amazon would not honor the warranty because it was two weeks over . A product that costs $ 350 and lasts only one year is not something I would buy again , or recommend to anyone .
 Beware , Amazon charges more for some books on Kindle than it does to buy the hard copy . How does this make sense ? A fully digital version of this book that will be read on a device you paid for is substantially more expensive than a hard copy that requires trees to be cut down and turned into paper , printing , binding , and shipping ? Is this price fixing in digital publishing ?
 I specifically chose the kindle because of its large font size option . This was for someone who was unable to read normal print size . While the larger print size worked , the small size of the controls and keyword made the kindle unusable .
 There is something seriously wrong with 1 -RRB- the device and 2 -RRB- customer service . I 've sent two kindles back in the last three months ... each time for the same reason ... I have to reboot the device to read ... its absolutely frustrating now that I have my 3rd and it is not working . I 've asked customer service if there is a problem users in densely populated areas are having and they have no answer other than `` we 'd be glad to send you a new device '' . I was told by one customer service person that there is a 3 % defect rate ... I ca n't believe it given my experience . I love the concept , size , screen but if in the end it does n't work I 'm done ... this is a YUGO . Do n't buy it .
 They do n't tell you that you can only download books from Amazon . It will not work with any other source such as the public library . I am returning mine , big disappointment .
 the Kindle itself is not user friendly . The books on Kindle has lot of mistakes.I am not happy with the books or the kindle .
 I loved my Kindle . I loved being able to get a new book in seconds without leaving the house . I loved no more piles of finished paperbacks . I was satisfied that in time the lower price of Kindle books would pay back the cost of the Kindle . Then this morning when I stepped out of bed responding to a 5AM cry by my 2 year old , I felt my foot come down on the Kindle . When I opened the cover to see the damage it was serious - the screen was broken and the Kindle no longer usable . I figured I was in for some serious costs , but was surprised to find Amazon 's policy is firm - my only option is to buy a replacement . There are no repair options . There is no consideration given to the fact that when I bought my Kindle part of the cost was to pay for a lifetime wireless service for the device that could be transfered to a replacement . In fact , they are n't willing to do so much as go beyond repeating over and over their policy - it 's frustrating as heck , and if this is the `` help '' I get then there 's no way I can buy a replacement or recommend the Kindle to anyone else . Get an E-Book from a company that values keeping its customers .
 I really wanted to like the Kindle . And in fact , until an hour ago , I did . I was able to overlook most of the issues that other people have with it -LRB- such as the DRM , or the design , or the pricing -RRB- . I 'm convinced that Amazon is on to something , and soon we will all read books this way . In fact , in the time I 've had it , I 've undergone something of a reading renaissance . Its just so easy to discover new books , and they 're so easy to buy.But today , as I sit here on a plane to Brazil , having just spent something like $ 30 on books and magazines , I 've decided that I 'm done . Once I get back from my trip , I am packing it up and shipping it back.Why ? No not because the buttons are too easy to press or the case is lame . Although the case is lame . Rather , because the Kindle has horrible power management . It 's terrible , and for the second consecutive time , it 's totally out of batteries just when I want to use it . I 'm staring at 9 more hours on a plane , and I am stuck carrying around a useless brick and have nothing to read . I find it hard to imagine a worse user experience.The first time was soon after I first got the device . I had been carrying it around for a few days and did n't realize then that the batteries drain , even in sleep mode . To keep it from killing the batteries , you have to switch off the wireless and power on the back , which I did n't do . I picked it up to use it after 3-4 days or so , and it would n't start up . It was a brick . At the time I thought , no problem ! I 'll just plug it into a USB port . It has a mini usb port on the bottom , and the charging light even lights up when you plug it into USB . No dice . Apparently , even though they are able to charge all sorts of devices , including Blackberries , MP3 players and coffee mug heaters using USB , there is no way to power the Kindle using USB . Well that 's not entirely true . According to Amazon customer support , if you plug a kindle into a usb port for 24 hours , it MIGHT charge . Well , that 's a terrible solution , but oh well . Its a first gen device , and now I know.Cut to today . In preparation for a trip I am taking , I charged up the Kindle , and made sure to turn off the power and wireless switches on the back . While sitting in the airport , I spent an hour or so downloading some books , magazines , etc. . While I was doing this , we were called for boarding , and I threw the kindle in my bag . Just now , about 1-2 hours after takeoff , I pull out the Kindle , and of course its totally bricked . After 1-2 hours without a radio signal.So here 's what I 've gathered . The Kindle is an insufferable power hog . It battery drains very quickly , especially if you 're on a plane . It ca n't be powered by convenient and common USB chargers or plugging into a computer , but instead requires a proprietary power adapter . And because of this , you the user are required to monitor its power situation like a nurse in a neo-natal ICU unit . After all , I ca n't always remember to turn off the wireless.Needless to say , I think this is totally unacceptable . I mean , how hard would it be to put in some logic or circuitry that shuts off the wireless when the battery is low , or only turns on the wireless every hour or something ? There must be a way . Also , they have to figure out a way to charge and operate via USB . I 'm not an EE , but I really find it hard to believe that they could n't figure out how to use USB power better.All this is especially unacceptable on a device , that by all rights , should be at least half the price . I mean really . I 've been spending money on my Kindle like crazy . Why should the early adopters like me foot the bill and subsidize Amazon as they build up what is now a pretty shoddy inventory of content . I bet most Kindle users spend a good chunk of change on content . If Amazon were smart , they 'd drop the price to get more devices in the hands of users , so that they can build up their library faster.Anyway it soon wo n't be my problem , because I 'm returning this thing .
 Forget the seemingly impressive `` drop test '' video . My Kindle was in its protective case , fell from a low counter onto a carpeted floor and was rendered completely inoperable . I had had it for a month . Amazon offered to replace it for half its price , $ 180.00 . I just ca n't see spending that much more on a device that shatters like an egg . Very disappointed . BEWARE .
 I do instructional technology work for a small college , and recently got a Kindle to see just how useful it might be in education . After using it for several weeks , I passed it on to another member of my group with only slight thought . It 's an interesting attempt , but simply fails in so many ways compared to what is truly needed . At best , it would work very well for someone commuting on a train who wanted to read a newspaper on their way to work , but as a book replacement it just is n't there.The Good :1 -RRB- Book/magazine purchase is amazingly simple and quick . Any future ebook readers need to aspire to this level of ease-of-use .2 -RRB- The screen is quite easy to read even on the smallest typeface . E-ink is fine without color and it 's a lot nicer to read from than a LCD screen , even with the black flash .3 -RRB- The user interface , while a bit odd initially , becomes quite easy to use after a few minutes .4 -RRB- A couple of folks commented on how nice the box was . -LRB- Seriously -RRB- And now for the much longer list ; The Bad :1 -RRB- The screen size is * much * too small for a device this size . It 's a book reader , yet very little of the actual book can be seen on the page , even at the smallest typeface . Ditch the keyboard , ditch the big side buttons , replace with either a slide-out keyboard or a touchscreen . Page control should be through touch gestures - swipe left for next page , swipe right for back , swipe up for table of contents , etc2 -RRB- No PDF support . This is a crippling flaw . I 'm a member of a committee on campus that generates a true blizzard of paperwork . I tried using the Kindle to save paper , but the converters needed are just too clunky . The Mobi converter failed to convert straight DOC to ebook , so I had to go from Doc - > PDF - > ebook , one-by-one since there 's no batch conversion . It 's far easier to just read them off of my smartphone which handles both DOC and PDF without problems , even if the screen is nowhere near as nice .3 -RRB- Lack of serious tools to handle footnotes and indexes . I know for most people this is n't an issue , but for academics it 's critical . The Kindle could be an amazing textbook reader with some work
 I am spending inordinate amounts of time trying to figure out which books are nonfiction . This is tedious and leaves me with less time to read . I have complained about this repeatedly to Amazon with no results . Also keep in mind that the Kindle is fragile and the case does not securely hold and protect the fragile Kindle . At the same time the case provides a false sense of security . You think the case is holding your Kindle . I picked my Kindle up , it slid out of the case , and fell on the floor . It only dropped once about four feet and now it is worthless . Kindle support advises it will cost $ 180.00 to repair . I am retired and watched my Kindle like a hawk . I am also a registered nurse accustomed to handling costly devices . Customer Support was excellent . They answered my phone call promptly and professionally . I strongly advise using VELCRO to attach your Kindle to the case . Now that I own a Kindle I hope never to be without one . I like it !
 I ca n't give this 1 and half stars , so understand that I am being very generous with 2 stars.Electronic book readers are a great idea . The problem , however , is that too many developers are coming up with too many different ways of distributing them , and each one seems more and more proprietary than the last.Great screen , great functionality , and convenient -LRB- but unnecessary -RRB- wireless service . Would I pay this much for an e-book reader ? Perhaps . It 's a little pricey , but considering what it can do , it does n't seem particularly unreasonable , and the price will drop if it takes off.So , do I think it will take off ? Let 's see ... The real problem
 Length :
 After you have bought books to read on this device , Amazon can delete them from your Kindle in your own home without your permission .
 I really wanted to like this product . However , after carefully reading the introductory material , I was pretty much unable to navigate anywhere in this product . It was also virtually unable to connect to my router 's wifi . I have a pc . But all of my own , wife , s and daughter 's Iphones and I pads connect just great to wifi . But the Kindle , I had to turn off and turn on each time I wanted to connect . Then , I bought a `` story '' for $ 1.99 from Amazon . It was the tiniest short story ! I thought it was a `` novel . `` I tried to find a customer support number . Figured I needed about a two minute primer on this device . But , I couldnt find a customer support phone number after looking for 15 minutes and typing in a question online . Overall , I just returned this product .
 Well I am about to buy my third kindle . My first kindle lasted just under a year -LRB- LUCKY ME -RRB- and was replaced by Amazon . My second kindle lasted just past warranty -LRB- UNLUCKY ME !!! -RRB- . I was told by amazon c/s that my choices were $ 69 with a 90 day warranty -LRB- C/S COULD N'T TELL ME IF IT WAS A NEW OR REFURBISHED UNIT ??? -RRB- or buy a new kindle for $ 139 and a one year warranty plus wait a week for delivery . Just letting you know that if you plan to buy a kindle , plan to buy many more .
 Would give it no stars if I could.I will not waste my money on another one . The screen has a flaw that has plaged my 2 kindles . I bought one for myself and my daughter Christmas 2010 . My daughter and I both used ours occasionally and it sat in between uses . When I wanted to download a book a year after I bought it , the screen wasfrozen and had lines and white spaces frozen in it . Could not reset it . Amazon was kind enought to send a replacment , that promptly did the same thinga couple of months after I got it . I do not want another one . Alot of money for a piece of crap . I bought kindle fires for both of my daughters this Christmas for the same price I wasted on the original kindle . Will not waste on a replacement kindle . Thought about getting myself a fire , but after this issue with theoriginal kindle ... . no dice.Addendum , called Amazon , tried to get a credit so I could get a credit for a fire , well , the replacement apparently has a 3 month leeway . I had it in my drawer and did not use it until a couple of weeks ago when I found out this one was crap . Will buy another brand . I am -LRB- was -RRB- a really good amazon customer ...
 I have owned a Kindle for 2 years . this morning I woke up to a partially black screen . I rebooted etc to no avail . I called Amazon support who informed me that my Kindle was out of the warranty period and its a circuit issue . The Kindle was never dropped or had anything spilled on it . They asked me to purchase another Kindle . I am very upset when an expensive product -LRB- I paid close to $ 400 for my Kindle -RRB- lasts less than two years . Whats more outrageous is that as I purchased another refurbished Kindle that they want my damaged Kindle back . They will fix it and resell it again.Based on the lack of support I urge you to buy Nook or Sony . Amazon and Kindle do not stand behind their productJeff Pfeffer
 I had to give up on the Kindle and send it back.Most of the reviews I 've read focus upon design . Well , I 'm not too picky about that . The Kindle felt good in my hands , was easy to look at for a long period of time , I just liked it . I also enjoyed the wireless feature , looking up the meaning of words automatically , and making notes I could refer to later.My problem was that the screen would freeze up . This happened with my first Kindle after about four months of use . Customer service was great and sent out a new Kindle immediately and paid for me to send my old one back . But when the second one that they sent out also froze up , after about two months of use , I said `` no more . '' I was using the Kindle for a class I was taking in graduate school , as three of the books for class were available by Kindle . Two nights before I was due to make a presentation the dang thing froze on me and would n't come right even after I followed all of the instructions on what to do through Kindle Support.When two separate devices have the same problem , well ... there 's something wrong with the engineering there . Again , Amazon customer service has been excellent , a model for other businesses . But the product let me down . I 'll wait until they 've worked out the bugs . It is a good idea , but until there is a greater degree of reliability , a book still makes a lot more sense for my purposes . At least with a book I can turn the page whenever I want !
 My Kindle stopped working several months after I bought it . I thought it was just needing a new battery -LRB- already ?!?! -RRB- and the new battery worked for about five minutes and then blew , too . It took MONTHS and MONTHS to even get the new battery ! I 'm so darned disappointed ! I had received the Kindle as a retirement gift and looked forward to having some quiet time to finally enjoy reading . That was a whole lot of money wasted ! The warranty is expired because I 've had to deal with other more pressing issues and did not have time to deal with this huge disappointment . Has anyone else had this problem with their Kindle ?
 I purchased this book today . I was told it was in my kindle at that moment . So far I have not found this to be true . How may I reach you , amazon ? to tell you so .
 Sony 's eReader is much better than Kindle . What a missed opportunity for Amazon and Sony . What a great combination it could have been , Sony 's superior technology with Amazon 's selection of books .
 When The Kindle hits $ 150.00 I 'll buy one . By that time I expect it will be even better as well as make more sense monetarily . I do n't mind spending $ 400 on a PDA and I have a few at that level . But this is bascally a one-trick , dedicated device . I just do not see a book reader , no matter how great it may be , being worth that much money to most consumers .
 Wikipedia is notorious for errors and misinformation . Many teachers ban its use.why wikipedia and not britannica ?
 I would rather download them to my iphone or pay to read them on an online web app . Ca n't carry anymore things .
 For the past few years there have been several attempts at a decent electronic book reader . I do n't think we 're quite there yet . In the year of the iPhone -LRB- sleek and beautiful -RRB- , why have they come out with something so utterly ugly?I imagined something like a screen -LRB- just a little larger than this one -RRB- with all the commands available in a tactile interface -LRB- &agrave; la Apple -RRB- . Eventually I would love an electronic book reader , but I would be embarrassed to take this thing out of my bag . We 're getting closer though ...
 I have a kindle that cost over $ 300.00 2 years ago . It is now a paperweight , it will not connect any longer and Amazons policy is . Go buy another!So if you have enough money to justify this wasteful lifestyle have at it . I do not.Very disappointed in Amazon.Spread the word - these guys did me wrong , do n't set yourself up for the same disappointment .
 purchased and was really looking forward to reading on the kindle.actually i did read on it for a while and enjoyed it very much . but then the screen froze with lines across it . the solutions for getting it to work were no help , tried them all but still frozen . . would i recommend it to anyone ? i would have to think twice . . now the trick is to get them to make it good , will see ...
 Although the phrase `` iPod for books '' is being bandied about , there 's some pretty major differences between the iPod and the Kindle . I can go out and buy an iPod and transfer the cds I already own into it . I own about 500 books , and the Kindle might as well be a block of Styrofoam for all the use it does me.Amazon , if you really want to sell me one of these , here 's a few suggestions : First , include at least 100 free ebooks with my purchase.Second , ebooks should cost a dollar , considering that they cost you nothing to manufacture , store , or ship , and we 'll probably be able to download them for free elsewhere.Third , every actual book I buy from Amazon should include , free of charge , the electronic version if I want it.Fourth , if I do buy an ebook for ten dollars , that money should be discounted should I choose to buy the actual book.Fifth , and I only repeat what others have said ad infinitum because it 's worth repeating , it should be able to read all formats , especially PDF.Sixth , someone else made a good point ... it should be readable in the dark.One point I 'd like to add to my original review
 The Kindle seems like a good idea , and it might be just what some people need . However , with a display measurement of only 6 '' diagonally , this is a full 2 '' smaller than your typical paperback book , which means you 'll be ` turning pages ' more often or reading at an uncomfortably tiny font.The Kindle does not need a full qwerty keyboard ; all those extra keys just take space away from what could have been a paperback book-sized display . While the two-handed paging buttons are a good idea , most of the remaining keys could have been ignored and replaced with five - or even three keys instead for searching and ordering.My other complaint is the very limited number of books this thing is capable of holding . While I admit 200 books seems a lot , I have a personal library of over 1,000 paperback and hardbound books of which I might want to read any one at any time . The Kindle 's 200 book capacity has apparently no capability for storing your purchased ebooks on your computer for sorting and updating ; once you fill it up , you either buy another Kindle , or lose books you have already paid for to import a new one.For me , either one of these faults would be a deal breaker , but to have both faults in one product means I will never consider a Kindle for myself or my friends .
 I was all ready to order one as a Xmas present but , after reading the reviews , I 'm willing to wait a while longer for APPLE to do it right . Too bad .
 I am so SICK of Amazon hijacking my computer time after time after time , every time I sign onto Amazon , and taking me kicking and screaming to look at Kindle ! Kindle ! Kindle ! Electronics and Kindle ! when I TRIED SO HARD to select BOOKS !! Over and over and over and over and over and over and over , and if I wanted to look at , review , shop for Kindle , I know where to find it ! The truth is , since they 're been trying to shove it down my throat , and I suppose every other loyal customer 's throat , I 'm NOT EVEN INTERESTED !! Amazon , wake up ! Grow up ~ !!!!!!!!! Kindle is NOT why millions sign onto your web site ! Quit jerking us around ! Or , I 'll -LRB- we 'll -RRB- just find ANOTHER booksite that respects us , and does n't try to force our hand ! Now , QUIT IT ! YOU HEAR ?? -LRB- I tried to comment via the question/comment mechanism , and they acted like they had no idea what I was talking about . Amazon , GET A CLUE !!!!!!!!! -RRB- Dr. James Hufferd
 This product is far too expensive for a retiree . I 'll wait until they have a sale on it .
 I was given a kindle as a present . All I can say is that this is a completely underwhelming product . It was a total disappointment . There is nothing about the kindle that I like . It is nothing like the experience of reading a nicely printed book . And there is nothing fun or interesting about the experience of holding it or reading from it . I would actually rather read from my Mac Book . Apple products are so nicely crafted . This looks and feels like something from KMart . Cheap hard cold plastic . The wireless thing is a joke . The navigation is non-intuitive and really oddly designed . About the only thing I can see this being good for are text books - but honestly it would be better to have pdfs of text books on a laptop - namely because that is where you are going to need content and robust applications . Reading the newspaper off the kindle is nasty too . I 'm planning to sell this thing on craigslist or ebay . For all Mac users - beware - if you love apple design you will hate the kindle.I probably would not be so adamant in my anti-kindle stance if it were not for all the enormously overblown build up about this thing . If you read reviews from a few misguided tech heads - or listen to the patently self congratulatory hyperbole coming from Amazon - you would thing this was the best thing since the wheel . The reality is that the kindle is a major let down and an industrial design blunder of enormous proportion.Hey Amazon !! Listen to me - redesign this thing !! Get some real industrial designers to make a nice high quality device ... something at least as nice as the iphone . I do n't know - may be good designers were hired and the heads at Amazon just have bad taste and told them to build something for the TrailerPark crowd . Wake up - we expect better . Sony can make a nice e-reader why ca n't you?UPDATE
 I think the price is too prohibitive . I could n't get my boss to okay such an expense . He would rather I purchase a book that is tangeble . Otherwise it looks useful . Maybe someday I can read my journals , texts , and other association document on it . But for now , not so much .
 Tell me when I can use it here in Alaska . If it supported WiFi as well as EVDO I could .
 Gosh , Kindle sounds great , something I would definetly indulge in even considering some of the discussed drawbacks IF it were realistically priced . Good lord , for $ 400 I can buy alot of paperbacks-even including shipping ;-RRB- Nice idea Amazon , now run with it , show consumer support and make it something folks can actually afford .
 Bad
 This item is no better than the overpriced proprietary locked in Sony PRS 500 . Until any device can easily accept and format . PDF files it is unacceptable . I do not want to be locked into a sole supplier of information . I want to be able to pick and choose between suppliers so that the price will be driven down like on e-bay and or here on Amazon for used items . For now I will continue to scan information into my computer , use PaperPort by ScanSoft/Nuance to convert the text to . PDF and then send it to my Palm TX which has more functions that a Kindle A good start but there are better solutions and other readers out there less expensive . There are solutions that do not lock you into one provider . There are other readers that handle . PDF files better . Pass on this until the price comes down and . PDF is not experimental.Don ' t get me wrong . The liquid ink technology -LRB- like used in the Sony PRS 500 -RRB- is an exceptional display . It will become the standard when more readers use it . Until the price comes done and readers can handle . PDF technology pass on this item.Take a good look at the Palm TX as an alternative . You can read Word and . PDF files with the software built into the Operating System .
 I do n't acually own a Kindle , I just wanted to express my dismay at the ungodly prices of the Kindle e-books . As I was browsing the Kindle collection , I came across some college textbooks and was appalled at the prices . Textbooks whose print editions list for $ 80 - $ 140 only recieved minor price reductions -LRB- averaging $ 10-19 -RRB- . To me , this seems to be a fallacy in pricing , as much of the price of a textbook is derived from the cost of printing into a hard-bound text and the Kindle version removes the cost of a text printing and , therefore , should logically be offered at a much greater cost reduction than the minuscule reduction that Amazon Kindle Edition provides . Currently , this cost discrepancy is the only issue preventing me from purchasing a Kindle .
 Being an avid reader and waiting for well over 7 years for a decent e-book reader I must say , it 's amazing how these companies keep falling short . Why in the world would anyone want an e-book reader that does not read . pdf e-books ? Like another reviewer said , this is just a store front device for amazon . I would get Nokia 's internet tablet -LRB- which is an internet tablet , but has pdf viewer support as well as gps navigation -RRB- and use it as a e-book reader any day over this . Also Sony 's reader would work better than this for an e-book reader , just due to the fact that you can read unprotected pdf 's and pdf e-books but is overpriced and needs work as well . Why not get real and informed test subjects for R&D ; before attempting to create a product like this ? By the way this is way over priced . If I was to pay this much I would go ahead and shell out just a bit more to get a Nokia N810 internet tablet and use it to read e-books . Looks like Nokia is serious about their internet tablet and i am sure in the future will incorporate the e-ink technology and bundle up the e-book reader with their tablet making something like this a dinosaur real quick . They continually strive to be innovative and deliver good products . Thanks amazon for the disappointment . I would rather just buy a hardback than get something that will not go the distance unless the strategy changes . I guess some companies do n't learn from other 's mistakes . Remember when apple made the i pod to only support DRM protected songs ? They changed their i-tune real quick when the public spoke . Amazon 's DRM e-books will become a fossil of a dinosaur real quick if they do n't re-think their strategy . I hope this helps people in making an informed decision about purchasing one of these .
 Cons : * High price * Bright trim that makes my eyes hurt just looking at it on the website , at least offer a dark gray or blackAmazon obviously does n't want my business .
 In Amazon 's defense , this product looks like an attempt at making inroads into a potential market that nobody has been able to develop - that of eBooks . Unfortunately , it seems destined to a quick demise.Sure , Amazon probably has the connections with publishers to develop the necessary volume of titles for use on this device , which is something that very few other firms have right off the bat . But that 's only part of the equation , and the only part that it looks like they got right.The device itself - well , it 's outrageously expensive for nothing more than a display with some memory attached to it , overly complex , and lacking a few basic features . I know backlit screens are difficult to read for a long period of time , but should n't it have some provision for reading in darkness ? The wireless delivery is very cool.That being said , what I think is the real killer here is the fact that all of the content is DRM protected and limited to storage on the Kindle . Sure , people are a lot more confident in buying digitally-delivered products than they used to be -LRB- example
 Just add another $ 400 or so and you can get a nice Tablet PC which may be little slower comparing to other Tablet PCs but much more powerful than Kindle . If you can spend more , you can get an extremely light weight Tablet PCs such as the ones Fujitsu makes . I simply do n't understand those people who are willing to spend $ 400 for the device that let you just read books , magazines , newspapers and nothing else .
 The idea is great , but for something this ugly the price is way to expensive ... have n't the folks at amazon seen a certain apple product ? Who would want to lug this thing along also ? Now really I do love the idea ... drastically cut down on paper production ... especially with the magazine and newspaper subscription options . Ps you can read NY times for free on the Iphone ! So someone needs to get real at Amazon this thing makes the Apple Newton look state of the art ... and we all know how well that sold !
 I have been reading e-books for years and was excited when I saw the introduction of the Kindle , but upon further consideration have decided not to buy . It is too large , expensive and I do n't like that the display is black and white . I also do n't like that you need a worm light to read in the dark . I much prefer reading on my old Palm Zire . It is small , has a bright color display screen , and you can change the background to a darker color -LRB- or black -RRB- for nighttime reading . It 's easy on the eyes and convenient to use . I do n't mind having to sync with my computer to access my books . The only complaint is that the charge does n't last as long as the Kindle . I would definitely be interested in a Kindle if
 I think this would be a great device for people who are n't exactly good readers if you added just a few more services . For instance , people with dyslexia would benefit from being able to choose different screen colors . Others with difficulty would benefit if the Kindle read out loud while highlighting each word so that people who find it difficult to remain on task could enjoy the book also . I think you are moving in the right direction . Just do n't forget the special needs people !! Thanks , Carrie
 What a bad idea!Few people are going to pay hundreds of dollars for a reader to enable them to read books that they then have to buy.The only way to sell eBooks is through standardized . pdf format and the free Adobe reader , or through a proprietary eBook reader that is given away free or at very low cost.I 've sold thousands of my specialized eBooks in . pdf format that anyone can read . With Kindle -LRB- and what a dumb name ! -RRB- , Amazon is blowing it with authors and publishers such as I and , in the end , with readers . -- Lan Sluder
 Black and white ???? No color ???? I like the idea of getting content on the fly . However , until the reader is less expensive , and provides color ... no way !
 The device is $ 400If you figure that you will save an average -LRB- according to the Amazon Video -RRB- of $ 5 per book , it will take about 80 books to `` pay '' off your purchase . 80 books at $ 10 a pop is $ 800 bucks + $ 400 for Kindle = $ 1200 . A. Have a cool new piece of technology to read your books = $ 1200orB . Buy a new book case and 80 new paper-books to fill the book case = $ 1200I know what my choice is .
 It looks exciting but I will not be buying one until : - it has better design , it is so ugly-it 's international -- can handle special characters , buy books in any language-pdf-is cheaper-textbooks !!! -LRB- if it offered textbooks in the languages I needed I would buy it now at that usurious price -RRB- - has a better -LRB- international -RRB- selection of books available , as well as papers and magazines-it is n't drmAs it is I love to read and have no problems reading from a screen , but I will definitely be waiting a few years until the above is accomplished . I would n't mind if Apple ran with this , either , their design is so good .
 I imagine that this is a great product . The problem is that it only does one thing . For the price , you have very few options . Instead of just having a handheld for books why not get that and more for the same price ? The palm t/x which I have had for 3 yrs now carries all my books and music -LRB- and I have a very extensive colection -RRB- , hooks in to wi-fi plus bluetooth , not too mention its other features like calender , bring along all your word , adobe and other documents and phone use . Not only can you get online to access whatever ou need anytime you want , but you can download books , music , newspapers , games and Programs AND you can share it on your computer and with friends . So why be stuck with a VERY expensive handheld which does very little ? I feel like this product was a great idea for those who only want to carry books but way OVERPRICED its merely cheating people out of their money by atleast $ 200 . So I would say check out ALL of your options before purchasing .
 Had a Kindle for one month and the screen started acting up . Half the screen went blank and the other half showed text from the book i 'd been reading . Tried resetting . No good . Was able to get replacement . Made me very happy but concerned that I 'd only had it for a short time before it went nutty . How long before this one does the same?My daughter has the same problem with hers . She had the device turned off but the screen still reads Amazon Kindle . Gon na have to call tech support again !!! # % $ @ % ^
 My wife bought me a Kindle for my birthday - and I know that she was excited to give me such an innovative gift . I love gadgets and because I travel a lot - she thought that the Kindle was perfect for me . I could carry several books in a small space - download from the web - it sounded great !! I opened it yesterday and within about 10 minutes of playing with it I knew that it just was n't ready for prime time .1 . Ironically , like other reviewers , I found that reading the instructions that automatically load on the Kindle was harder than reading the printed instructions that came with it ... that was my first clue !!! 2 . The amazingly irritating screen `` pop '' that , although probably meant to simulate turning a page , is more like a blinking light , and as I flipped back and forth between pages it sometimes took a few seconds - which , given that at this point I had downloaded nothing into it - did not look promising for when it was fully loaded !!! 3 . As other reviewers pointed out - the design is cumbersome - the keys at the bottom are hard to read - and the `` next page '' buttons are VERY badly located - I turned the page three or four times by accident just picking up the Kindle !!! Getting back to the right page took a few moments - much longer than going forward - which seems ridiculous !! 4 . As I travel on planes a lot - it seemed like the compact design would be great . Then as I realized that the airlines are decades behind the real world in understanding that using electronic devices does not interfere with the plane 's navigation system - it dawned on me that at times when I would most like to read from the Kindle - I would be reminded by the Flight Attendant that electronic devices must be switched off after the doors are closed !!!! So , I would literally be unable to use it during the extended wait times before take off !!! 5 . I like to read in the bath and while eating - the prospect of reading through a zip-lock bag did not appeal to me !! 6 . As it was a gift I was not aware of the price of the Kindle . At $ 359 it is too expensive - probably $ 100 too much . If the display was in color - note to Amazon - some good books are illustrated - not to mention magazines etc. 7 . The selection of books although extensive , over 10,000 titles - the list is missing some significant content . Other reviewers have discussed this also.So , I am disappointed - I had hoped that the Kindle would live up to its hype . It 's current version -LRB- 1.0 -RRB- does n't do that . BUT -- it has promise and I 'll probably look seriously at Version 2 or 3 . Amazon , nice try . The Kindle has a lot of potential - keep working on it .
 It 's alright . I agree with a lot of the comments but it 's not worth the price .
 In the age of iPhone , this product feels like some sort of an odd device from a previous century . There is nothing to be fond of . There is no color . There is no feel . The screen is too small . I like the idea of not wasting paper if I can , but this is a bit too much of a price for that . The built-in dictionary is one nice option . However , how hard would it be to build in some options of English-Other Language dictionary as well ? I hope the next version will be a substantive improvement , but the starting point feels like like the old brick cellular phone . So , there may be another 20 years of evolution before it becomes something worthwhile .
 I would be a possible buyer of this Amazon gadget , but it just looks awful . From the shape , to the keyboard layout , and the navigation buttons , it seems poor design.Based on previous reviews complaining about PDF support , foreign language and content , I will wait until version 3 or 4 -LRB- if it survives in the market -RRB- . I am sorry .
 Returned the product when discovered that the Harry Potter series is not available for Kindle . If that 's not available , then the selection is pretty darn limited .
 This is over rated . The device does not hold a charge . What a bother !
 I bought this for my father . The ideal gift for someone without regular access to bookstores or a post office . He lives in a remote part of Australia.However , while I can buy the device I can not buy the content . The Kindle books are only for Americans . Really ? I can order the physical book in Australia and have this delivered but not the electronic version.What a farce.I 'll return the device , but this has been an -LRB- extremely -RRB- unsatisfactory experience .
 I was very excited the first time I booted up my Kindle . That excitement has been short lived.Over two consecutive days I purchased books that did not download . Over the first day this occurred to a newspaper subscription that also did not download.After wading through too many pages to discover a link to support , I finally succeeded in creating and sending an email to support . I have yet to hear from anyone.The hardware itself looks great but also needs work . Application buttons run into the sides of the unit , and upon picking up the unit , almost always end up accidentally prompting an application.Had I received a prompt response from Amazon , I would have held off on this review.Kindle has potential but needs work.Mr . Bezos , you have let down your loyal consumers . Buyer beware .
 After purchasing this product and before I actually even received it in the mail I received an e-mail stating that I required a US billing address and US Bank issued credit card in order to purchase any of the reading materials . This was not stated clearly on the website . It allowed me to purchase it using a Canadian billing address and Candadian Bank issued credit card , with no warning stating I could not download any products onto it without valid US infomation . I had to pay for the return shipping on a product I could n't even use . This information should be stated on the main page of the Kindle website and not buried at the bottom of the FAQ list . A warning should also pop up if you attempt to purchase it with an out of country credit card and billing address .
 I was about ready to order this product , and even had it in my shopping cart . I paused and went back to read most of the fine print , and I learned that my address does not have coverage for the `` Whisper Net '' download service . The product sounds great , but not if I can not download where I live and work . Either the coverage area has to improve , or it needs a Wi-Fi option . It is not really clear on the site that many geographical areas can not use this , even though they do have cell phone coverage from some networks.Kurt in zip code 53821
 I am now awaiting my fourth kindle . The following is the problems that I have had happen.First Kindle -LRB- crashed/froze several times a day -RRB- Second Kindle -LRB- Wireless did n't work -RRB- Third Kindle -LRB- worked great for a bit then the screen went all black on me -RRB- Fourth Kindle -LRB- hopefully will work perfectly -RRB- All of this has happened since June of this year . So basically either I am incredibly unlucky , or the current kindle is a Beta that has issues . I love everything about the kindle -LRB- cheap books , comfortable holding , great capacity , easy on the eyes to read , great for travel , relatively cheap -RRB- It is an absolutely great product ... when it works ! I have recommended it to many people and still would , but it is very frustrating to deal with the replacement process so frequently . -LRB- Though I should note that the kindle hotline people are very , very helpful and kind . This should be the standard for the helpline industry , but unfortunately it is not . Amazon has top notch technical help !
 I loved my kindle , then a small splash of wine dropped on it . Now it no longer works . I e mailed amazon , they responded promptly that I had to call them . I did just that and their answer was too bad , nothing can be done . They would not give me a refund on the books that I had bought the day before it broke . Nor do they service their own product . I strongly recommend waiting to purchase this until they are able to fix it when it breaks ...
 I love the idea of it and was enjoying using it . I would like to see changes in the placement and size of the `` next page '' and `` previous page '' buttons . It was a little hard to hold it without inadvertently hitting one of those buttons . The biggest problem was that mine was defective . It would n't turn on even when the battery was fully powered . I had to hit reset each time , and then on/off many times before it would come back . It was a dud . I 'm going to wait for the next incarnation , if there is one .
 Question
 This is a joke , right ? Who in their right mind is going to spend that sort of cash on this gadget ? $ 40 perhaps.Screen is too small . Is too bulky . Is n't in color.What 's the point?Will be the latest ebook failure ...
 What a waste of $ 400 . Half of the magic of reading is being able to hold a book in your hand , write in the margins , feel its thinness or heft . You should be able to trace a book 's history from owner to owner , to lend it to your friends and family . A book is a piece of art , a living chunk of history . If I want a screen , I 'll watch TV . Thanks but no thanks .
 I feel funny ` reviewing ' the Kindle when I do n't intend to buy one , but I 'm a huge e-book fan and just want to be heard . I currently have over 500 e-books , mostly in MS Reader format . -LRB- Like an idiot , when I heard Amazon bought Mobipocket , I switched to Mobipocket , just assuming that would be the format they 'd use . -RRB- I love the idea of the Kindle . I even like the way it looks ! The EVDO access anywhere is such a cool concept . I 'd buy one in a minute , except Amazon decided to tether the Kindle to itself by using a new DRM format , making the books unusable anywhere except the Kindle . I absolutely wo n't accept that . I 'm not going to be traveling one day and have my Kindle die , and be stuck without access to my books . I 'm also NEVER going to let a company restrict me to one vendor . I 'll go back to print books first.Right now I can read my e-books on my PDA , my computer , my laptop , and my cell phone . I can buy the e-books from a number of different vendors , who compete in a variety of ways for my business . What 's going to happen once Amazon gets its target audience locked in to the Kindle format ? Duh.Please , Amazon , if you would just let Mobipocket format books be read on the Kindle , I 'd buy one . I 'd buy it even if I have to transfer them in via a memory card . -LRB- Then I could just pop it out of the Kindle and into my PDA , etc , if something happened to the Kindle on a trip . -RRB- I 'd probably even start buying Kindle format books from you . I 'd just know that I 'd have access to another source of books if I needed them.I know a lot of other people are saying similar things . Please listen .
 My early reactions to my Kindle :1 - the Kindle meets a deep set psychological need that I have never to be without something to read .2 - it is clearer a beta product , but a very good beta . Hopefully Amazon will recognize the value and importance of having all of us as beta testers and will mobilize us with information , provide us with automatic access to Kindle books when we log in and give us the same digital access to hard copy books that we have already purchased from Amazon that they provide for non-Kindle users .3 - I like the form factor and the screen clarity4 - it gets very high points for instant gratification5 - I have no idea how it uses so little memory for so many books - after loading almost 60 books -LRB- yes all in the first day of use - I went to the Kindle store and had it list all books from lowest price up and there are great collections of things like collections of all of Shakespeare and of Jack London and of Oliver Wendell Holmes for as little as $ 0.49 ! -RRB- I still have 128 mb available in my main storage and have n't touched the 2 GB of SD storage which I added .6 - given that it is so storage efficient and there are so many inexpensive classics available I can see me with hundreds of books in a few weeks .7 - having been warned about the ease of pushing the wrong button I adopted an early holding strategy/habit which seems to minimize this problem .8 - the documents which others have sent me are all easily accessible and readable .9 - based on the above I would upgrade my earlier rating to 4 stars but the Amazon review editing process does not let you change your initial rating
 For all the hype Kindle created I could n't stop myself from buying it . I was so excited I could n't wait till I received it . But once I did get it , it was n't all that I thought it would be . For starters you ca n't use it outside of the US which has not been mentioned anywhere in all the fine print . What happens to people who live outside of the US are they not allowed to have the same luxuries and privileges as those in the US . OK so the wispernet does n't work outside of the US but we can still download books from Amazon via the USB cable , right , wrong . The only way you can buy is if you have a US credit card , which is really the pits . So for all the hype that Amazon has created about the Kindle , it does n't deliver .
 I just got my Kindle out of the box and I could not get it to download any of the books i ordered . I then was going to email Kindle support when I found an email from them telling me that my Kindle was not registered at shipment and they do n't know why , but to contact them as soon as I got it and to give them the serial number . I did that and then they told me that there was `` A known network error '' that they were correcting and that my Kindle would be bricked for at least 1 more day . The only good things about this is that they are on the ball enough that they knew about the problem before me , and for my troubles they gave me a $ 30 kindle store credit -LRB- yay -RRB- . I 'm giving Kindle support 5 stars for being on the ball , but I 'm giving my Kindle a 2 star rating overall for shipping me a brick .
 While I started out delighted , the honeymoon is over and now I 'm annoyed.Primarily , I 'm offended at the shockingly crappy customer service I 've received from Amazon . This is the same company that that has sent me personal messages and gone to great lengths to be sure I get my book on time or my music download glitch is resolved . I had some early-on technical issues with the Kindle that were not made clear in the documentation that shipped with the unit -LRB- which I read -RRB- . When I asked these questions , I was only sent long pages from some other technical document , and I had to read through it in detail to find the answer to my specific question.Then I started running afoul Amazon 's fanatic devotion to its Whispernet wireless broadband . We are currently out of the country for my husband 's academic sabbatical . Before we left the country , I used Whispernet enough to see that it was a killer ap . It was part of the reason I chose a Kindle , even though we 'd be out of the country where it does n't work , because we 'd be home in only 10 months . And when I bought the Kindle , everything I read or could see from Amazon indicated that with a bit less convenience , we 'd be able to get everything we needed in file format to transfer to the Kindle via USB cable . Since then , despite having a lovely page on its site for the management of Kindle downloads , Amazon has started deliberately offering Whispernet-only downloads . When I first encountered this -LRB- free book samples -RRB- , I sent a confused inquiry to customer service . I was sent another long document about book samples that seemed to indicate there was no regular download option . I wrote back saying that I could n't use this out of the country and expressed frustration , and I was flat-out ignored . I ca n't even see reason Amazon has for offering Whispernet-only files in the first place . They already have the infrastructure for normal downloads , and sending a file wirelessly offers no extra copy-protection because I can just download the file from the Kindle back to my computer . The whole thing seems senseless.Now , admittedly we 're a fringe case . But even though Amazon does n't sell these things outside the US , one of its primary user demographics is frequent travelers . And believe it or not , there are still parts of the US where you ca n't get good Sprint coverage . I ca n't imagine we 're the only users who benefit from non-Whispernet options . Offering an innovative new feature does n't mean cutting users off from using the old way when they ca n't use the new way.And then there 's the big picture . Amazon is offering a US-only product , and its lock into Whispernet on the Sprint mobile network means that it stays in the US or it radically changes its platform . -LRB- Maybe it will with Kindle 2 rumors that are now circulating . -RRB- Despite this , it 's moving aggressively to enforce a proprietary lock on in-copyright , DRM-protected ebooks . Like Apple 's iTunes before the DRM-free move , Amazon ebooks only read on the Kindle . Most insultingly , their proprietary format is just the licensable and well-accepted Mobipocket DRM format with a Kindle-only flag in the file header . So if you own a Kindle , you have all the software capability to purchase and read ebooks from a dozen established vendors , but Amazon is deliberately locking you into buying only from them . The fact that Sony has now abandoned its proprietary dreams to back a publisher-endorsed , licensable DRM format suddenly makes them into the angels and Amazon into the demons in this war.Now I plan to put the Kindle on eBay when we get home and sit back to see how the reader war unfolds .
 I was very excited to get Kindle . There was a waiting list so it took several months . It looks neat , but a few minutes of using it shows its flaws and I 'm sorry I did n't wait for an improved version .1 -RRB- It takes a while to start up and a while for other functions to occur , like navigating the menu .2 -RRB- It is very easy to accidentally hit the `` Next page '' or `` previous page '' buttons , not to mention annoying .3 -RRB- The cylindrical control along the right edge may accidentally roll to another function when you click on it , so you have to roll it back and click again - very carefully .4 -RRB- The way it 's held in its case is flimsy and insecure . They have to improve on this .5 -RRB- The plastic back plate keeps coming off - I do n't know if this is just mine , or they all do this .6 -RRB- I was disappointed by the grayish hue to the page . Nothing like the whiteness of a page in a real book.It is great to be able to carry around volumes of books in one book-sized device , but all the problems noted above should be cleared up . Kindle is not inexpensive and for $ 400 they need to do better than this .
 I received this as a lovely , thoughtful gift from someone who knew I loved books dearly . It weighs less than a trade paperback and the text looks as much like the real thing as it possibly can . But all too quickly I realized how much I missed turning pages , underlining , truly using a book that I love , and then having it on my bookshelf as a proud trophy when I 'm done . There is no substitute for this.In addition , the resemblance to book text is also the unit 's downfall
 Without backlighting , this product is MORE dead than the Sony e-Book . -LRB- Which is already a dismal failure . -RRB- Too bad . There is a market . but this device will never find it.Question
 Very surprise this new product comes with Black & White screen only.If we still lived in 1997 , that 's fine.Unfortunately , the product manager seems not thingking tomorrow.Without a color screen , how to read e-Magazines ? Strange ... This device includes EV-DO network & service package.No monthly fee , no need Wi-Fi Spot , good approach!Maybe that 's why it is so pricy.Hopefully , their next version can improve the h/w spec and lower the price . -LRB- Remember Apple i-Phone ? they lower the price in 2 months after launch . -RRB-
 I thought this would be an exciting product and immediately placed my order ; but then I realized that almost every book that I am interested in could not be found in the Kindle book store . The books I researched were # 1 sellers ; like ` The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People ' , ` Journey to the source ' , ` Pulling your string ' , etc. . So I decided not to buy it now . Hopefully in the future it will have more variety .
 It 's a nice electronic device ! But the only thing is I ca n't use it ! I live in the Caribbean and you have to be connected with sprint to download books on the kindle wireless ! I even tried with the USB cable that comes with the kindle ! That does n't work either !
 I got the kindle for my birthday today . It worked except that it could n't make its wireless connection -LRB- my cell phone works fine so I know I 'm not in a dead zone -RRB- . I then bought a book using my computer and moved it to my kindle via usb . The title shows up but I get an error message when I try to read the book . Now it does n't work at all , including the power switch . The tech support person had no success and said that they will be sending me a new one in a few days . Because of the price , this was my only birthday gift . I feel like my whole birthday was ruined .
 This thing is a ridiculous ripoff ! It 's screen continually froze on me . I have an army of twisted paper clips scattered on my bedside table , my bag , and my desk that I used to constantly reset it . In addition , when it did decide to work , I would press a button and then have to wait and wait for it to respond -- if at all . Each time I attempted to use the Kindle , it was hit or miss if it would just be incredibly slow or completely freeze after 2 minutes . I contacted Customer service twice and was given poor advice both times.I would not recommend this product at all ! Just read the newspaper on line and pick up a paperback or listen on your MP3 player . The Kindle needed much more testing before it was released on the unsuspecting consumer ! So disappointing !
 I bought the Kindle as a gift for my husband . He loved the idea of it ; but in the end we returned it because of the flashing light when going from page to page . He is a fast and avid reader , which meant he was constantly bombarded by the flashing light .
 The Amazon Kindle FAQI bought the kindle cuz i saw it on the Oprah show and then realized it was too expensive for me to be continually downloading books even at approx $ 10.00 . Also , there are a limited number of books available for kindle . i frequently get my books from my library and these books are about ancient weaving textiles , Buddhism , old maya texts , etc. so the kindle is NOT for everyone . i returned the kindle to amazon unused .
 As an avid reader , I was really looking forward to this reading device . I typically read 2 - 3 books a week and have problems making sure I have a book with me to read during downtime and also end up packing so many books with me when I travel.So far , the only thing I like about this is the screen . The price is baffling . Why spend so much on the delivery system when it is the books that would make Amazon money ? The device should be inexpensive and the profit should be found in the sale of books . Also , how expansive is the library ? I do n't typically read just the bestsellers and resent having a bookstore telling me which books to read . The full keyboard at the bottom does n't seem like a selling point at all . I understand that the wireless option is pretty neat , but I believe consumers are used to loading things on their computer and tranferring them . Would that knock the price down?I wish I could have been part of the testing . I have waited for someone to invent a decent electronic reading device for so long and now it looks like I 'll be waiting even longer .
 I WAS STARTLED TO FIND THAT INSTEAD OF GETTING THE FULL BOOK , IT IS ABRIDGED AND A LOT OF THINGS RE LEFT OUT ... ALSO , IT IS HARD TO HANDLE WITHOUT ACCIDENTLY TURNING PAGES OR GETTING LOST ... I AM HIGJHLY DISAPPOINTED IN THE KINDLE .
 I was so excited when I heard about Kindle . A bigger screen than my PDA that I 've been reading eBooks on was something that I fantasized about . So I 'm thinking great I can read my Palm eReader books , and my Microsoft eReader books . Silly me , the Kindle and the Sony eBook ca n't read these protected formats . Great ! So now I can take my thousands of dollars worth of ebooks and start over if I want to keep any of my old ebooks . And I do want to keep them , so I will never buy a Kindle in it 's current form and ca n't bring myself to recommend it to anyone . Thanks Amazon for thinking of us early adopters when you were creating this device.My PDA does everything a Kindle does except for the screen size . So why would I buy something that ca n't even read books I already have . Thank you but I will keep my Dell Axim PDA and if I want a bigger screen I will just read them on my computer screen .
 Changed the battery today to charge up my Kindle with an extra battery for a trip to Tahiti . Only had it since February 2009 - bought it for a trip to Africa.Put the battery in and it never worked again!Warranty does n't cover this ! Because I changed the battery!Add insult to injury - they offered me a refurbished unit for another $ 180 plus shipping ! Only a fool would blow another $ 200 - what 's to prevent this happening again?If you have n't bought yet , do n't . The warranty is useless . If it breaks , you are stuck !
 So let 's get this all worked out . Amazon has become a defacto standard of how well some items sell , `` Top Sellers '' is supposed to mean Top Sellers , not `` Hey we have this new thing we are pushing so order one today ! `` Poor reviews from the few people that have touched one . -LRB- PCWorld & BuzzMachine are two I saw -RRB- plus the fact that this has been tried before does n't look like this will be the instant hit we are being led to believe.My point is that Amazon is manipulating the numbers here , look at the others on the list , heck even the Zune should be ahead of this . So Amazon has set themselves up for all the 1 star review here by making such a big deal out of the product before it is actually availableIf I have to , I will revise this when I touch one but till then `` they started it '' : - -RRB- Enjoy
 I am a gadget freak and tend to be an early adopter of cool new things -LRB- Toyota Prius , Apple iPhone , etc -RRB- - but this product creates absolutely no desire for me beyond its interesting concept.Kindle could really use the Apple design touch . The Kindle is just plain ugly . I think I 'll wait for Apple 's version ...
 Lack of a backlit screen makes this a non-starter for many readers . Amazon -LRB- and Sony -RRB- make a big deal about the ability to make the type larger for us old folks . But having to illuminate the text with an external light source makes that advantage pretty much disappear.Back to the Palm and the laptop for a decent eBook experience for me .
 I am a true reader , I have thousands of books in my home . I just started a database of my books -LRB- to keep track and so I do not buy doubles . -RRB- and have over 1800 records already and I have several rooms to record yet . A serious book lover , but I also love gadgets and travel a lot for work , so the Kindle seemed perfect . The good thing is I got to use me friend 's kindle . We are co-workers and I was filling in for him on a trip . So he let me take it to try out . Firstly , it reads well , the screen is very paper-like . The wireless connection was spotty at best , Sprint sucks , always have . They just do not have the coverage of the big boys . There were long periods in my trip where I had no service , this is why real road warriors do not use Sprint , poor choice Amazon . The unit it 's self is ... well , dirt ugly . They really should have offered the housing in colors , to add some style and personality to it . As far as no color display , well it is suppose to be more paper-like , right , that is the idea . The unit just looks ... so 80 's . I am not crazy for DRMed items , if I pay for an item -LRB- a book , cd , designer shirt or a car -RRB- I have the right to give it away , will it to family , lend it out even sell it . I can not tell you how many people that I have introduced to a new author , that they never had read , by lending them a book . The next big thing , and in my mind the biggest , is cost . What is Amazon thinking ?! 400 bucks for a do one thing device . Even with wireless built in , it is Sprint , they suck . This still may not be to bad if they were not gouging you for kindle books . For freaking years now publishers have been saying that the reason the hardback version cost so much more than the paperback version is because it cost so much more to print them . In that case , a new book out in hardback for ... oh , lets say $ 24.95 should sell in the kindle version for less than the $ 7.99 the paperback version will sell for in a year . Because the kindle version cost the publisher nothing to print ... NOTHING ! Hell , $ 9.99 for a book that cost nothing to print , next to nothing to distribute and you do not really even own -LRB- for you have no rights to it . -RRB- is simply outrageous . I think I will wait and see if people wake up to being ripped off and the publishers stop gouging the readers .
 bunk!read several articles about this amazing new reading device ... i call shananagins on this ... it states you can not xfer or share what you download from this device to other devices or people or pc 's . this is by far the most pathetic restriction next to the amount of music issues similar in nature.if i buy the darn stuff , i want to be able to do what i want with it . period !!!! if all you want to charge me is a measly $ 0.01 for a book to DL to the device , then i would go for it.but for the prices they want for the books and not be able to share is BS.dont buy - keep buying real books instead of this ...
 compared to the iphone technology , the kindle is highly overpriced . it has a user interface which is at least 20 years behind . with . pdf support it would be worth $ 50 , not a cent more.or buy an asus eee for the same price and get a complete laptop with wifi , a freeware ebook reader , . pdf reader and a complete office software .
 I see Amazon have just lowered the price of the Kindle by oh , about $ 40 . This is a step in the right direction , but not nearly enough to make me consider getting one . $ 359 for something that just read eBooks is just shocking . And this is from someone who reads a LOT of eBooks . I could buy a whole laptop for that price . I own a Psion Series 7 PDA with a larger , full colour screen , and as much storage space as I could possibly want -LRB- 1Gb smartcard , easily switched out -RRB- . It also does everything else a PDA does , and has a full sized keyboard . Closed , it 's about the size of a hardback book . I paid something like 100GBP for it on eBay 3 years ago , and it 's rather sad that the Kindle offers nothing I 'd consider essential , or even handy , compared to a device produced in 1999 . I also own a Tungsten Palm I bought for $ 40 . Again , it lets you read eBooks , and a dozen other things the Kindle does n't . It fits in a shirt pocket.Hell , you could buy a Nintendo DS and memory cartridge and read eBooks that way for less . You could buy an iPod video and install eBooks onto it for half the price.If this were marketed at around $ 100 , I 'd snap their hand off . Even $ 150 , I 'd consider it . Right now , it 's new product hardware , and I would n't even consider buying one , any more than I would have bought a camcorder or VCR for $ 800 in the eighties . Perhaps in a few years , when Amazon -LRB- or some wilier competitor -RRB- bring out something that 's affordable for what it is , I 'll buy one of these . In the meantime , there 's plenty of other options available .
 The device itself works fine . Yes , the screen could be more readable and it 's awkward to handle because the previous - and next-page buttons are much too big . -LRB- You ca n't grab the device by its edges . -RRB- I finished reading my first book on the Kindle yesterday -LRB- The Kite Runner -RRB- , and the experience was fine . I really like the ability to preview any book by reading the first three chapters . Web access is clumsy because most web sites expect a much wider screen and clicking on links is roundabout and flakey , but it does work , it 's very fast , and it does n't depend on WiFi . Buying even best sellers for $ 10 or less is a great deal , as is the free web access.But the problem is that the books are incomplete . I started the sample of my second book , Under the Banner of Heaven , and I noticed that the footnotes , marked with an asterisk in the text , were missing . -LRB- You 're supposed to be able to select them as hyperlinks , but they were n't connected to anything . -RRB- I checked another book I had in paper form , Einstein
 Only $ 400 ? Wow , thanks for respecting our intelligence!We 're into a situation now where those in the know already get free VoIP phonecalls , and install software on their phones only previously available on laptops and PC 's . Need I mention the free MobiPocket Reader -LRB- bet that gets this review edited -RRB- and RSS?This just another attempt -LRB- al la IPhone et al -RRB- to fence off part of the net and charge us access to what is already free.Only three years to be 5 years behind the game?Dream on : > -RRB-
 Way too expensive for the market it has targeted itself towards . My old iPod will do everything that this does and the books are free !! If Amazon is serious about this format , they need to practically give these things away . Under $ 100 would be a perfect entry level price for the masses . Charge what you want for the accessories , you need to get these into the consumers hands in a big way . Now onto the books . That is where the real money is to be made . The more users you have , the greater the profit from the book sales . Get your head into the new age , it is the content that makes the profit , not the hardware .
 Cool idea , and perhaps someday this will be the only way to read a book , but that day might be 30 years away ... One problem is that it started out far more expensive than the comparable Sony competitor . Now with the price break , the Kindle is still about $ 60 more than the Sony PRS-505 , which in itself is a very decent product -LRB- Sony is a tough competitor -RRB- . Then there is the general issue that for $ 360 , you can likely buy about fifty paperbacks , or more if you buy used , so it takes quite a while for this thing to pay itself back .
 Being over the age of the Big 5-0 and not that much of a technocrant - I thought to myself , `` Oh they 've finally improved on Gutenberg 's printing press - What great ideas ! '' # 1 Download a book instead of waiting for the book to come in the mail . # 2 Take it on a plane , train or automobile . # 3 LARGE size fonts for my old tired eyes . # 4 Dropping the book on the floor and not loosing my page when I fall asleep at late night readings . # 5 and # 6 etc. , more of the same ... Insert Big `` however '' here folks , one thing I have learned getting to the glorious age I 've become - never , ever , get the first modle out off the line - let them work the bugs out . This is 2007 , I want in-living-color with graphics in my books now ... I want to be able to pay my dollars and never loose what I have purchased due to a newer , faster , updated item rolling off the `` assembly line '' . I want to be able to go get books that have been out for forty or fifty years -LRB- or 2000 years like the Bible -RRB- and be able to download it for a lot less money ! I do n't mind paying the full price for a NY Times best seller but not for something I can get at a yard sale for 25 cents and read and keep forever .
 Could they have made it any uglier ? It has the same look as my old Compaq from 1997 . And for the price of an iPhone , it should at least be in color and have a touch-screen . Maybe I 've just been spoiled by Apple 's usability & design , because for Kindle , there 's just no ` WOW ' factor at all .
 I do n't have one of these -- but when they get one that reads the book to you with the words . . then maybe I will spend 350.00 on something like that . . I can buy a lot of book or actually go to the library and read the books for free . --
 What a stupid product ! And it looks so cheap and plastic . Why would anyone buy this ?? It 's cheaper and better to buy a paperback . Get this off the Amazon front page already . Give it up already !
 I do n't own this product , but it 's too overpriced compared to other similar products and is diffidently overpriced to an old fashion paperback book .
 I can buy a whole bunch of books for $ 400 ! The price is way way too high .
 What a stupid , dumb idea ! Who cares about the Kindle revolutionize anything ? At least when someone steals your book it cost 10 bucks to replace . What happens when they steal you kindle with all the book software inside ? How can this black and white ugly thing replace full color magazines ? Why is there a need for it ? This is nothing but a rich stupid dumb toy with no real purpose . I am tired of looking at this in the middle of my Amazon screen every time I log on . I do n't want it , and I do n't care about it . I am a HI-Tech guy with HD DVD player . If you want to impress me offer a Kindle with a 1600 Native resolution LED Screen .
 Waste of Money and Time and Will Never Buy Just Old School Books for Me No DRM or BS . Paper is Good . Kindle is Bad . World is Insane if You Be Liking Kindle . Just Some Damn Spindle . You 've Been Swindled . Nuff Said . Do n't Reply Unless You are Lame and Think You are Funny Even Though You 're Not . : O
 THis product does not allow you to put your own content on it.You can only buy it from amazon so they can mark up the price.Until you can download your own product on to the reader it is worthless .
 Now if someone gave me the Kindle and a few books I wanted to read on it , I might try it out . But I think for right now I 'll stick with books . If I can download a book to my Kindle , why would n't I just use my laptop?The technology I 'm looking for in what Amazon is piloting is a flexible touchscreen that is removable from the screen of a home PC/Mac or laptop . Somebody told me that you could store the Bible on a 1GB flash drive . I think that 's plenty of space for a couple months worth of reading . As far as connectivity and being able to download books , I do n't think I 'm going to do this away from my laptop or PC , so I do n't think I need much PC power for a basic reader . I just need a portable media that can store words and allows me to turn the pages.Kindle will be the forerunner of what will be a better reader , for those folks that want to store their libraries in a microchip . I 'd like the capability , but I 'm starting to collect too many specialty electronic items . I want it to work from the computer network I have now .
 I was so excited about the refurbished Kindle 1 , that I spent an entire day roaming through the selection of Kindle books available for download . The price was just right at $ 149 -LRB- refurb price -RRB- , I added an additional amount to the shipping so that I could receive it the next day . From that point I spent a day at work telling my co-workers all about the item . I was exceedingly excited and could not wait to return home , as I had been watching the shipping updates and I knew it was there . When I got home I felt like a kid at at Christmas . I opened the box , eagerly , it was packaged just like a new item . Every advertised accessory was there and I was certain it was new . I followed the instructions and plugged the power in , and proceeded on my adventure , reading the introductory information included on the Kindle . Because I had been so eager the night before , I had `` purchased '' a free copy of Dracula . Upon learning how to download the copy into my Kindle and accomplishing the task . I spent a few minutes reading the book . Then I proceeded to the online store and downloaded a sample copy of a book I was interested in . That was when the trouble began , and never stopped . From that point on the Kindle froze , if not within seconds after having been rebooted , then a minute or so . If memory serves correctly it froze 15 times in less than 20 minutes . In one of the functional moments I was able to initiate a software update . With fingers crossed and burning hope that this would fix things , I waited for the update to complete and for the Kindle to reboot . Voila , I had a web browser now and it seemed fine , then it really crashed . I was able to remove the Sample book and then rebooted again , but this never helped either . I had been watching the Kindle for a year or so now , wishing that I could afford this item . It was all for not , and I am out of pocket on the shipping charges , they do not reimburse those charges . I can not describe the disappointment , it is my own fault for being so eager to have this in my hands , that my disappointment is so huge . I have never bought an electronic item from Amazon , fearing these very circumstances . I am not certain what to do at this point . I am not a wealthy individual , and this was a huge cut into my budget , but I had dreams of sitting with this item over coffee , and on rainy days inside . The disappointment is such that I may retract my use of Amazon from this point on . If an item had been purchased like this at a local store , I could walk right in tomorrow , refund in hand or replacement in hand . This appears as if it is going to take several weeks to correct.Oct 2 , 2009 I spoke with customer service , they are sending out a new Kindle which should arrive in four more days . They are paying for the 1 day shipment , but , a weekend has arrived , delaying the arrival of my replacement . I am keeping my fingers crossed , I was pleased with the lady who helped me , sometimes patience pays off , we shall see.Oct 5 , 2009 ; The initial Kindle that was sent to me , and subsequently failed , has been picked up . The new Kindle arrived this morning . In this instance , patience is not a virtue . The new Kindle does not crash , as often , as the previous one . It does not receive a connection to the Amazon Kindle Bookstore . Only for the briefest of moments did it connect and register my Kindle , but it never again connected , I can not download a new book , I can not download a book that I purchased , I ca n't do anything with it but turn it off and on . For long moments it will have no bars indicating connection , however even when the bars are all colored in to indicate a strong signal , I still can not connect . To say I am disappointed is an understatement.Oct 06,2009 It is early in the morning , 1AM central time , I am sitting here with a dysfunctional Kindle . I have just spoken to customer service . They were kind but impotent in their ability to help me , as the Kindle requires a specialized department which is open at limited times . For the briefest of moments the Kindle connected to the wireless store , so I went to my Content Manager and attempted to download what books I had in this brief functionality , all five books failed to download . I am frustrated beyond compare . It is amusing to me that I have never purchased electronics online for fearing the events described here , but because of my desire to have a wireless connection with access to a library of books , I took a chance . It has been a miserable failure . I am aware that this disappointment is comparable in measure to the eager desire for this device . I must say that the Sony Reader is now beginning to look , much more attractive , as I can walk into a store and purchase the item and if there is any trouble I can walk back into a store and speak with someone face to face about resolution . To compare a similar device , the ipod , I had no issue with the DRM restrictions on my purchases from the itunes store , because the device functionality was flawless . That is not my experience here , with the refurbished Kindle 1 . Oct 7 , 2009 My second Kindle was confirmed as malfunctioning , by the technician at Amazon . I was offered yet another replacement . At this point I have decided not to purchase the Kindle and requested a refund . For one brief moment I held a personal dream , to carry around my library in a small package . In this difficult experience there is one thing I must say , Amazon 's Customer service was kind , helpful , respectful of the fact that I had to vent at one moment , and they were professional . I may hold off on the Kindle until its technology progresses and the price point drops further , but eventually , I 'll make the attempt again.Oct 22 , 2009 I have finally received my refund for the Kindle . However Amazon has done something that I feel is exceedingly rude considering the circumstances . They charged me for the return shipping on this item , that did not function to begin with , and did not function in the end . This lack of consideration and disregard for customer service has tainted my view of Amazon adequately enough , that I am uncertain I can support them with anymore purchases .
 The first one stopped working after six months . The second never worked right . Do to not receiving an email regarding return information of the first Kindle ... I was charched an addition $ 359 . SO basically I have paid over $ 600 and still do n't have a working Kindle . What a piece of crap ! While support is willing to send you another one ... I declined on # 3 - I do n't think my blood pressure can take it . So Im out $ 300 but have learned volumes ... Amazon is not all it is cracked up to be ... and even Oprah is wrong sometimes . She should be careful endorsing such crappy products . I have two friends that are having issues with their Kindle too ...
 I bought my Kindle after giving one as a gift , and I liked it very much , right away . Enough so that , when the screen became covered with gray lines and boxes , I contacted Customer Service , returned the product , and welcomed a new one . Although I had been careful with the first one , I was even more careful with the second . I used the cover -LRB- sold separately -RRB- , and kept it in a drawer when it was n't actually in my hands . After a few weeks , I experienced the same problem . Again , Customer Service , packaged up the defective one , welcomed a replacement , and purchased even more books to read on my nifty Kindle . This time , I did n't keep it in a drawer , because I wondered if I had inadvertantly put some pressure on it when I closed the drawer . This time , I kept it pushed far under my bed . When I traveled , I did n't take it with me , because of fear that I would be unable to protect the screen . Did this help ? Nope . Same problem . Amazon has been cheerful about replacing it , but when I requested a refund , they said no . I 'm giving up and taking the loss . Steer clear of this product -- it will only make you sad .
 I really like the idea of the Kindle but it seems obsolete already . With technology today , however , I think vast improvements can be made before I 'm ready to try this again . 1 . -RRB- The view screen is as big as a paperback . Why not make the rest of it only marginally bigger ? I know some of my friends can slip it into their bag , but my purse is n't that large . 2 . -RRB- Let 's backlight it . I love to read in bed at night but do n't want to leave the lights on in case I fall asleep . While smaller , the PDAs have this beat for that . 3 . -RRB- The page turning was obnoxious and hard on the eyes . The blinking of a new page view just seems totally unnecessary . 4 . -RRB- I happened to have a hardcover version of the book I was reading beside me . What was missing was the footnotes that the author spread through every once-in-a-while . I just could n't find them on the Kindle . 5 . -RRB- While the convenience of the page turn mechanism on both side was great while reading , when transporting the Kindle around , it was easily tapped by mistake . This needs a lock . 6 . -RRB- The oversize protector case was not easy to use with the Kindle . It needs to be sleaker and less obtrusive .
 If you are considering buying a Kindle you should be aware that Whispernet is not supported in all area . Whispernet is a Sprint service . If you do not have Sprint coverage in your area the Kindle 's features prove to be limited and very inconvenient to use . Specifically , you need to download all content to your Kindle via a USB connection and subscriptions are not available.If you live in the states listed above you need to be aware that you will only be able to download books via USB to your Kindle . Amazon does not make this clear in their promotional materials . I wasted a lot of time discovering this through troubleshooting.Kindle
 My Kindle has been difficult to use . Although I downloaded the instructions , I would have appreciated a written book of instructions . Several books I wanted to order were unavailable in the Kindle store . Mosat serious is that my Kindle is now experiencing technical difficulties which are going to require the intervention of your technicuans . I was on the phone with Dave trying to resolve the problem via instruction but that did not work . I would like a new Kindle . I am displeased with a new product that is having the level of difficulty that my Kindle demonstrates . The current problem is that my Kindle is unable to establish a connection when I attempt to order from the Kindle store . Please stand behind your product and replace my present Kindle with one that is problem free . Thank you very much . Alison Strong
 I was very disappointed today to learn that Amazon announced a newer - improved - Kindle 2 . I purchased the Kindle as a Christmas gift for my wife . She 's just used it for 5 weeks and already understands the defects in the first Kindle . For example , the short battery life and better positioned buttons -LRB- so not to accidentally turn the page -RRB- to name a couple of obvious improvements.Amazon was very nice to let me know today that I can be given ` Priority ' on buying the better Kindle 2 . -LRB- Very nice of you - Amazon -RRB- I would n't buy another one though , since I 'm sure Kindle 3 , 4 , or 5 would no doubt , be even better than the Kindle 2 .
 I bought my husband the Kindle and he absolutely loved it . You could say he was addicted . He was thrilled to have it for the airplane trip we had planned . Then , within 3 weeks of owning the Kindle , he accidently dropped it on the carpeted floor . It quit working . Customer Service could n't help and told us to return it to them . We did and all we got was a deeply discounted refund -LRB- Amazon kept over $ 100 -RRB- and no more Kindle.We do n't feel like we can afford to replace it since we did n't even get a full refund.So , but with care .
 I was so excited to get my Kindle . I loved every part of it . After less than 1 month I reached for it in my purse to show a friend and found the screen damaged . The Kindle was in it 's case and the case shows no sign of damage . I have no idea what happened to it . The tech support guy said that he 's heard that someone 's cat sat on their Kindle and ruined the screen . There is no repair for it , only a replacment for $ 180.00 . I told him that I had just paid $ 350 to use it for less than a month , why would I want to spend another $ 180 to get another one that will be damaged . He said that maybe if I spent the $ 180 on a replacement I would be more careful next time . Wow ! Now I 'm just stuck with a $ 350 useless reminder that I wasted my money . I am VERY UNHAPPY .
 I am now on my second Kindle . The first one froze up after less than 20 hours use and had to be returned . Three weeks later the replacement came but can not connect wirelessly . Until reliability issues are addressed I ca n't say I 'd recommend purchasing one . The concept is great - the reality appears different .
 I 'm not a huge fan of the looks , but that 's not stopping me from buying . I 'd like more store options , but I 'd still buy being tied only to the Amazon store via EDVO.Even the ultra-limited web browser would n't kill the deal for me.My deal breakers are the lack of PDF reader support -LRB- non-DRM would be fine with me -RRB- , and lack of MobiPocket DRM support -LRB- which Amazon owns -RRB- . Why limit reading my own content DRM -LRB- via MobiPocket -RRB- or whatever I 'd like from my PC via PDF -LRB- without a costly conversion -RRB- ? Amazon , you are so close , and yet artificially crippled your product for what seems no good reason . I hope this thing can get it 's software upgraded via the EDVO connection , as you will undoubtably be shown the error of your ways by the unfooled consumers.Such a shame .
 Length :
 I was thrilled with my kindle for the few days that it worked . Since I read in bed , I kept it on my nightstand . It slipped from the POORLY DESIGNED jacket -LRB- velcro , anyone ? -RRB- fell less than 3 feet and now the screen is like an etch-a-sketch . I called kindle support and was told that they would send me a REFURBISHED kindle for $ 180 - I get someone else 's broken product , but they can not fix mine . I may have to try another company . BAD AMAZON .
 The thing does not permit taking handwritten notes on the page , either in the margins or in the text . That disqualifies it as a serious reading device and makes it useless for students . My copies of , say , Paradise Lost or the Republic are a sea of notes scribbled all over the page , and on every re-reading I add more . That habit , I have found , is shared by virtually every serious and engaged reader . Notes on separate pages -LRB- or another computer -RRB- are simply no alternative . Once I can scribble to my heart 's content , and the thing reliably preserves my thoughts -LRB- and perhaps even allows later editing , which might be rather nice once earlier concerns are overcome and new questions arise upon continued study -RRB- , I might take the device seriously . Without that capability , it 's just another silly plaything .
 Finally , a device to help rich people read ebooks . This is what we 've been waiting for ? Another $ 400 computer screen to read on?Listen up -- We 're waiting for the return of cheap books so young people , among others , can buy a book and feel good about it . At $ 10 a pop for a book people who read like I do would go broke in a month . -LRB- Paperbacks cost too much . Had you noticed ? -RRB- Try giving away the razor and sell a lot of blades . Amazon , amazingly , forgot how to make money ...
 Imagine you walk into a book store and buy a new paperback . Now imagine the clerk telling you that you ca n't loan this book to anyone , you do not actually own it , you will probably not be able to read it again in 5-10 years , and the store can take it back at any time they wish.That sums up DRM , or Digital Rights Management . It is a form of electronic copy protection that makes life difficult for honest folks . The pirates will always have a way around it and have been pirating things electronically for years . DRM does nothing at all to curb piracy.DRM is why you ca n't use those songs/movies you bought on iTunes anywhere you want . As a result , sites have begun to sell DRM-Free MP3 's . In fact , AMAZON has been promoting this consumer friendly format for their music store , yet go in the complete opposite direction here . WHY ? By using DRM on the Kindle , Amazon is essentially saying they do not trust you and think you are a thief.In a DRM-Free world , you could purchase a book and then read it on your Kindle , or on your PC , or even print out a copy . You could let a freind borrow it , like you can with a real book . You could burn a backup of your library to a CD for future reference . If the Kindle is no longer around in a few years , you 'd still have ebooks that you could read on another device . With DRM , your money spent on purchases is lost when the device is no longer available.Do not support DRM , or products that use DRM . If you buy something , you own it and it should be yours to do with what you wish .
 I bought this thinking it would protect my new Kindle from fingerprint smudges and also hold it up so I could read without holding the Kindle.It will keep the Kindle cleaner , but the stand feature is worthless.It lacks the strength to keep the Kindle upright in anything less than a straight up position . In other words , if you want to tilt the kindle back a bit to make the angle easier to read , the unit just falls over . And you can forget about touching the `` page turn '' button without it collapsing also .
 I received the Kindle for a birthday present last May . I LOVE it and used it non-stop for 4 months . Then the unthinkable happened . I left it on the floor and my dog stepped on the screen and ruined it . When I called to see if it could be repaired , I was told there is no repair facility and that I was just out of luck . I was told to keep the Kindle in hopes that someday there would be a repair facility . So now it sits unused , gathering dust and I 'm frustrated . I do n't understand how a product is sold knowing there is no way to repair items broken through carelessness and/or stupidity !
 all of the publishers get a cut of everything you read/buy & there is no paper involved ? even the best ipod is cheaper . i do n't get it ? you can buy a computer cheaper ...
 I like it because I like new techie gadgets , not because it is changing my life in any appreciable manner.I can not give the book to a friend as I do with real books . I can not borrow a book from the library other than download an audio book which is not the same as an e-book . It gives you capabilities outside of reading but I already have devices that can do these other tasks or entertainment functions.Kindle is an electronic device that will hold many books within one piece of equipment , but that really only comes in handy if I were to be incapable of getting more books or was traveling and thus did not want to carry more than `` 1 '' book.Another techie toy , high price , and offers other features that I already possess on my other techie device.It is fun if you have the funds to throw about though impractical .
 Here 's been my experience so far . I ordered a Kindle the day it came out . I ordered several books and three subscriptions -LRB- two newspaper and one magazine -RRB- within about 24 hours or so -LRB- Amazon said it would come in 2 days so why not ? -RRB- . With the subscriptions , I had the two week trial . Then I got the email that same day that said the Kindle would be delayed for about another two weeks because of demand . I was frustrated but , OK . I stopped the subscriptions . I was out of town when I got another email that let me know my Kindle had been delivered about three days earlier than expected . Great ! I went ahead and restarted the subscriptions . At this point , I was told that the two week trial - that I never was able to use - had already ended . I was frustrated but , whatever . The time it cost me simply was n't worth the problem . I got home and my Kindle was waiting for me . I opened it , followed the directions and started it up . I liked what I saw ... until it stopped working . The screen went blank with a black bar across it . I did everything the manual suggested -LRB- turning it off and off , resetting it , etc , -RRB- and nothing . It was defective . I called the customer service person . He agreed it was broken and someone else was going to have to contact me within 48 hours . I get an email that basically says that from what they read , yep , its defective and they wo n't be able to get me another one until sometime between January 3rd and 16th of 2008 -LRB- at least a month -RRB- . To add to my problem , I 'm moving between now and then so I had to call with a new address . Now , just to be clear , the customer service folks were great -LRB- kind , attentive , etc. -RRB- . They did what they could but Amazon 's system is broken . So , my advice ? Wait to order your Kindle . Do n't get this if you 're hoping to buy a Christmas present . They 're just not ready for you yet .
 I love my kindle . This is a must have for the road warrior . No more tons of books to carry on long business or leisure travel . No more sitting in the airport for a delayed flight without a book that . A new one will be there in seconds .
 I was excited about the Kindle after hearing about it on the Oprah Show . . read some of the reviews written ... ordered it.I am very disappointed in the title inventory . . not a lot to choose from . . I was hoping some of the medical book choices would be better.My first experience , I packed it to Mexico to use on vacation ... could not get wireless . . -LRB- though phone service was good -RRB- . . I do n't have much use for it . . great idea though . .
 Very disappointed due to the way amazon choose to ship . After 3 weeks from date of purchase item never arrived , due to the way amazon choose to ship using DHL to ABQ , postal service then it got lost in the postal system . DHL sent this package all over the continental US for 21/2 weeks before it ever arriving in NM . -LRB- Started in Denver and should have ended in Albuquerque , NM . -RRB- Then postal carrier never notified me when package finally arrived , When I did find it was here , the postal system could n't locate where it was being kept . After speaking to a supervisor at the USPS I told them to send it back to amazon , Since I was tired of dealing with this nonsense and aggravation . Frankly I could have driven to Denver , Colorado and back to NM in 1/16th of the time it took to arrive . This has happened with other shipments bought thru amazon . I will not be using amazon to shop in the future .
 The device looks interesting but it is quite pricey -LRB- and so are the books when they are just a glorified text file -RRB- the catalog of available books is * very * lacking unless you want very recent bestsellers or a few particular authors -LRB- most/all of Laurell K Hamilton appears to be available -RRB- . Particularly in sci-fi/fantasy , the available titles are abysmal -LRB- major authors/series like David Weber , David Drake , and Terry Pratchett Discworld all turn up only one book available -RRB- .
 I agree w / all the 1 and 2 star reviews given . How a company can release a product that is so UGLY in the year 2007 is beyond me ; and it took 3 years ? Why did n't anyone on the design team say anything?I 'm mostly mad because of my disappointment in Amazon . If the product was designed well and supported open formats , I would buy it in a heart-beat . I 've been looking for a decent ebook reader for years - how many reviews have given the other crops of ebook readers bad marks for having no backlight support - the only time a lot of us have time to read is in the evenings after our kids are put to bed -LRB- why do n't people get this ? duh ! -RRB- . All the other features are killer - but my points above are a non-starter for me . I 'll keep waiting . In the mean time , I 'll continue to read ebooks on my Palm T | X . You can even pick up a cheap used tablet pc for less on ebay or craigslist .
 I received my Kindle Reader as a gift . My family thoughtfully chose this item believing I would be able to carry avirtual library with me . It works well , besides the ordinary complaints ... poorly placed buttons , WhisperNet drains the charge very quickly , etc.My biggest complaint is , however , the dearth of things to read ! Yes , I can download any number of trashy romances or bestsellers , but I ca n't find my favorite authors ANYWHERE . J.R.R. Tolkien does n't exist on Kindle . I can find four of five in a series by a favorite mystery author ... missing the penultimate -LRB- and most crucial to the series -RRB- volume ... it 's maddening.Amazon says that more titles are being added all the time . I would go further and state that they 're only adding new titles . I realize there are many books out there to be entered , but there are many treasured books that have n't made it to Kindle yet.I ca n't be the only person to feel this way . My husband ordered the Kindle for Christmas delivery , though I did n't get it for MONTHS after the holiday . It feels the same way waiting for something worth reading.I 'm disappointed in the Kindle overall.Shari
 I want this device , but $ 400.00 seems a little high , given the lessons we learned form the ipod and iphone , in 30 days it will be 50 % less and perhaps with more power . I think the price point was set too high , good luck getting the early ground swell . For a cutting edge org , someone missed the price point .
 Let 's think about this ... 1 . It 's Ugly2 . You ca n't resell a book when done3 . You ca n't buy used books4 . Poor contrast5 . Buttons ? Perhaps they did n't see the iPhone6 . EXPENSIVE ... It 'll take you 400 books just to start saving money with it .7 . Only slightly cool thing is the ability to download from anywhere without an internet connection .
 I agree with the razor-blade argument . You have to pay 400 bucks and still buy the books ? Huh ? Should also come with a built-in MP3 player . And even then it should sell for about $ 39.95 . `` The future of reading ? '' Not yet .
 Since receiving my Kindle as a gift 11/2 years ago , I have been using it less and less . My reason for this - the increasing costs of Kindle Edition E-books from Amazon.com !! It would appear I have become a `` captive '' audience and am somewhat resentful . Oh , I know all the advantages of having my Kindle - easy mobility , the ability to read with larger font , the light on my Kindle , etc. etc. - but the cost of my e-editions is starting to outweigh the advantages . Why is it that while Amazon increases it readership it is also increasing the cost of reading ?
 I played with one of these : Pros : For the content it does deliver , it does it well.Good screen , good battery life , good usability.Cons : No PDF support = worthless to IT , Science and Academic FieldsProprietary Format from Amazon = all of those files worthless in the futurePrice = I can almost buy a UMPC for this much money -LRB- micro pc -RRB- Considering that amazon knows book buyers , I would say , shame on amazon for not delivering a truly useful product .
 I requested this for Christmas and have been greatly disappointed . I do n't get ANY signal from ANYWHERE . I live in the country , but even driving 15 miles to the nearest city still gave my NO SIGNAL . DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM ... IT IS A WASTE OF MONEY !!!!!!
 I was all excited to get the Kindle only to find out that the wireless feature does not work here in Alaska , would of been nice to know that before spending so much money on it ! So now I have to download from the web site to my computer and than download to kindle , but this just has not worked out , it says that download is complete but I can not retrieve anything from the Kindle , it does not show any downloads . So I have not been using it at all .
 Two pages into the opening program , it turns off . Restarting the program seems impossible . Even the reset button does not work to restore the opening message . Documentation , like step by step opening or extensive trouble shooting is non existent . I have not called tech support yet , that will happen in 40 hours . It is hard to pick up the device without turning the pages forward or backward . You turn it off by extracting it from the book cover and locating the button on the back . Wireless hookup does not work where cell phones do not work . Otherwise is implied in the advertising . The book cover does not hold the book ! Only the elastic holds the book in the cover when not in use . During use , there is a % 50 probability that the mechanism will fall out of the cover.Its a great idea , but poorly appointed and lacks adequate operating instructions . Next I make the phone calls . Already I feel gypped .
 Great machine !! When I ordered it they said I had coverage , Montana , when my wife started her Christmas gift message says no coverage . All is not lost right ? She tries to download through her computer but will not transfer to her Kindle . After many service calls they say send it back and she will bet a new one . Why if they have limited wireless areas does it not work with the computer ?? Very dissatisfied
 I have been trying to get information on this as a reading aid for an elderly person , but it appears that for those who are not comfortable with technology , there are many elements of the Kindle that could be improved . I would suggest larger buttons for people to see and manage without accidentally hitting something else . Small buttons are hard to operate for those with reading difficulties .
 Dear Kindle people , I bought a kindle with the intent of using it to manage many scientific papers . However , I am not able to get any personaldocuments on my kindle . I have emailed and called customer service , and no one has been able to help me . I am fairly sure that kindle will not meet my needs . So please tell me how I can return my kindle.Or perhaps you will tell me why I have not been able to get pdfs , html , or even plain text documents on my kindle . Not only have I not been able to get the documents delivered to my kindle , but your system does not even send me a message saying conversion has failed . I talked to one of your customer service representatives last weekend , he told me he had to talk to some developers . I never heard from you again.I believe my kindle has been a waste of money . It has not meet my expectations , and your customer service has been useless.At best they tell me to follow the instructions over and over again . Sadly the instructions do not work and they keep insinuating that it is some how my fault . You sell a defective product , and when it does not work you blame the user.This seems strait out of the Dilbert.Aaron
 I go through 200-300 pages of PDFs a week , and for now either have to print them out or read them on my laptop . I 've been contemplating buying a tablet PC , but because of the price thought I 'd hold off until this little gizmo came out . Great - light , easy to read , good battery life with the wireless off . Oh , but no PDF support . What were they thinking ? So it 'll be the Sony Reader Sony PRS500 Portable Reader Systemfor me . True , it supports fewer titles , but for me at least that is not the main objective . The Sony Reader is smaller , lighter , cheaper , and gives me the flexibility to upload onto it anything I want . No wireless ? No problem . That 's what my blackberry and laptop are for . I need a reader - I 'll let my Blackberry do the rest .
 I bought a Kindle 3 months ago and have enjoyed it for all the reasons others have until yesterday . I pulled my Kindle out of my purse -LRB- which was on the floor -RRB- and as I was doing so it slipped from my fingers and fell to the carpeted floor -LRB- about 6-8 inches -RRB- . I had seen the drop test video and thought nothing of it , except now my Kindle does n't work . The toggle that allows you to view the menu , etc no longer depresses . I called customer service . The device can not be repaired . The warranty does not apply , but I could replace the Kindle for $ 180 . I have uploaded several books , 6 of which I have not yet read , and will not be able to . I will not be replacing the device . Customer service is nonexistent . The device is simply too fragile to be practical .
 Although I very much wanted to like the kindle -- in part because I was running out of space for books in my small NYC apartment -- it has a critical flaw that should give many pause before purchasing this version.When reading a kindle-book , it is impossible to know which page of the physical/printed version of that text you are on . In short , you could never cite the page number of a kindle-book . You could exchange the `` kindle location '' with other users of the device , but that 's not going to get you very far in a footnote . It is really rather remarkable that Amazon designed a reading device that is functionally worthless for what would seem to be a potential core market
 I was prepared for Kindle 's obvious faults.The cheesy appearance . The really crummy case -LRB- that it falls out of constantly -RRB- . The buttons that are so easy to hit accidentally.I could live with all that -- especially after I took it to France where worked just fine with a plug adapter . Though I could n't order books , I was able to carry a small library of them with virtually no added weight.I was quite happy and recommended the Kindle to a number of people . Then I took it to my farm about twenty miles from Kansas City , which was listed as well within the `` orange zone '' of the Whispernet service map.I 'm within twenty-five minutes of downtown KC and yet I CA N'T ORDER A BOOK . I ca n't even browse for books . My Kindle just sits there.If you live close to a downtown area , Kindle works fine , but if you are n't 50 % of it 's advantages disappear . I guess I could live with this had Amazon not promised me maximum service here.If I were you -- and do n't live right downtown -- I 'd suggest you try it before I buy it .
 While I enjoy the idea of this product , it either needs to be half as expensive or come bundled with 20 free book downloads . Why spend $ 400 on a closed function device whose sole purpose is to inspire you to spend more money on manufacturer controlled content?Will there be a `` coffee table Kindle '' ?
 The Kindle does not handle well . The position of the left and right turning buttons are ill-positioned . Everytime I went to pick it up , I turned the page inadvertently . I also found it to be slightly bulky ; maybe because the turning button takes up the entire left side of the Kindle . Amazon really needs to go back to the drawing board on this one.Sony 's Digital reader is not only more affordable -LRB- $ 299 -RRB- but is designed a lot better . The only good thing I can say about the Kindle is that the screen and e-ink are crystal clear . My recommendation is to wait until Amazon develops a better version of the Kindle .
 I 've been playing with a borrowed Kindle and like what I 've seen , with one major exception . The look and physical design of the product is very good , Whispernet is a great idea and the ebooks are priced fairly . That said , I will NOT be be buying the product because it does not allow you to directly upload documents from your computer . Reading paperwork -LRB- PDFs and Word docs -RRB- on my e-reader would be the NUMBER ONE reason -LRB- and justification -RRB- for me buying one . Until they sort this issue out -LRB- and do n't make us pay to read our own files !! -RRB- , I will not be buying the product.The Sony Reader at least takes a stab at trying to handle user created documents . No wonder all the big publishing houses have gone the Sony route for reading submissions and internal docs ...
 The biggest surprise with the Amazon Kindle is the lack of availability of titles . If you assume -LRB- as I foolishly did -RRB- that you would no longer be buying paper books because all of the books available on www.amazon.com would be available on the Kindle , you will be sorely disappointed . In fact , I have yet to find one title that I have searched for available on the Kindle . Latest search was for a new book I heard about on the news today called `` What Happened '' by Scott McClellan . As with the last 10 titles I have been looking for , not available on the Kindle.I 've also been disappointed with the poor ergonomic design of the device . The sharp corners on the bottom dig into your palms , especially if you are reading in bed . The white plastic reminds me of the cheap PC clones from the 1990 's . Amazon would do well to fire their industrial design engineer and hire someone from Sony or Apple to create a stylish and ergonomic device.The device processor seems underpowered for the job at hand . You push a button and nothing happens until a second or two later.I applaud Amazon for their innovation with the Kindle but feel it has a way to go before it is a truly useful device worth the relatively expensive $ 399 .
 Very bad out of the box experience .1 . Very slow to turn pages and they flash when you turn them .2 . No content is included , so for $ 400 you have an empty box , andit immediately starts trying to sell you everything .3 . Newspapers I already get -LRB- like WSJ and NYT -RRB- are $ 10-15 a month ! The advertisement didnt mention that all these online magazines are 2-3Xthe print cost .4 . The `` book '' to use it -LRB- how to use email on your Kindle -RRB- costs $ 3.00 ! And its a big advertisement .5 . The `` cover '' doesnt fit it . For $ 400 the cover should fit .6 . The internet is unusable , clearly not designed for this .7 . Keyboard is usable but not for much.It has potential but its far from a $ 400 product . Maybe $ 100 ? Anyway , how do I return it ? Thanks .
 THE GOOD NEWS
 WAY , WAY , WAY OVERPRICED !!! $ 359.00 !! You might as well buy a laptop or an Asus Eee Pc!If Amazon had the smarts they would reduce the price to $ 119.00 and then they would rule the written world ! This is another example of how the high paid leaders of companies like Amazon are capable of really stupid decisions!Don ' t buy until the price comes down .
 The price is a bit high but would be OK if the device accepted other formats . There are many classic eBooks out there for $ 2.00 plus libraries have regular eBooks for free . I 've waited a long time for the right device , I can wait a little longer .
 I bought this gift for my daughter 's 17th birthday . The Kindle device had problems with getting a strong signal and was very slow every time I tried to navigate between different screens . Most times , the Kindle device would freeze and lock up . I was able to download books successfully from my Amazon account . The Kindle advertisements bragged about download in less than 1 minute , but actually took closer to 10 minutes . I also attempted to download some books for a 5-year old , but found a traditional book with color and pictures to be much more stimulating for a young child . Also , the selection of books for a 5-year old are not very good . My Kindle is now dead , less than 2 weeks after my daughter opened this for her birthday . I plan to return it for a refund .
 My Kindle2 was bought in May , 2011 . It broke and was replaced under warranty in January 2012 . In July , 2012 , with no known precipitating factor , the machine froze and could not be rebooted . Congratulations to Amazon for phenomenal response time on the phone , but raspberries for not backing a second defective device . I was told the warranty was over . I expected the warranty to be from the date of the replacement . I was offered a $ 20 discount on another replacement , but I declined . My experience is the device is too unreliable to invest more cash . It worked fine , when it worked , and I was not a heavy user . But , I will be looking to put my money in a different device . Sorry , Amazon , it was fun while it lasted .
 I love books so my husband gave me a Kindle as a gift . I thought it would be handy for traveling and that I would be able to carry lots of books with me in a small space . Truth is I love the feel of a real book so could never see a Kindle taking the place of books altogether . I have however been disappointed in the books available in Kindle format . I like to read in Spanish and have thus far not been able to find anything written in Spanish . I looked up some of my favorite authors
 Waited 5 days to receive my Kindle and it did not work out of the box . The only thing I could read was the instruction manual . It could not connect to the wisper network . When I called customer service they told me that it would take 3 days to get an answer as to what the problem was . This product obiviously still has some design flaws ans is not ready to goto market . For $ 359.00 I would expect a product that works and customer service that can actually do something . I am very dissapointed with this product and have returned it to Amazon .
 I replaced my Sony Reader with a hipper new Amazon Kindle , and I 'm totally disappointed . The Kindle has a few good ideas , but it is terribly executed . I 'm returning it today -LRB- something Amazon is making pleasant enough -RRB- and buying another Reader.Read on for more detail ... About 6 months ago , I bought a used Sony Portable Reader from a friend of a friend . I travel a lot , and have a lot of open-format stuff I wanted to read -LRB- pdfs , html manuals , etc -RRB- . I 've always through electronic ink was interesting technology , and buying used appealed to my cheaper inclinations.Fast forward to a a month ago , and having an electronic book has changed my life . The Sony fits in my bag nicely , reading it is quite pleasant , and I can easily carry 50 books with me at any time . It has changed the way I read , allowing me to have several books going at once and switch between them based on my mood , something I used to do in high school . libprs500 -LRB- now Calibre -RRB- is pleasant to use on the mac and open source . I even used the Sony software to buy a few closed-format bestsellers at reasonable prices.Unfortunately , my Reader broke , possibly due to it 's previous owner or just due to being dropped . It will no longer hold a charge or boot properly . I took it apart , following helpful Flickr directions for prs-505 disassembly , but to no avail . If anyone has a project that would benefit from the eink components , which seem undamaged , let me know.Since I have a vacation coming up , and I 'd so enjoyed the experience of having one , I decided to replace it . And being a consummate gadget shopper , I went looking for other options . I settled on the Kindle as the most advanced option , attracted by it having internet access and a way to buy and load books that would require Windows . So I went ahead and primed one.I received it the morning I left for a trip to New York on Acela . This gave me some time to get started using it . My first reaction is that it is really bulky . It barely fits into the pouch of my laptop bag , while the Reader is about the same size as the Moleskine I keep there all the time . The Kindle came with a leather cover , but it does n't really fit into it well , and that just ads more bulk . The cover has a big elastic to hold it closed The on/off switch is on the back , where it is blocked by the cover . In contrast , the Reader has a cover that clips on , is held closed by magnets , and a switch on the top that is easy to access . Unlike the Sony , the Kindle does n't really charge of USB , so you have to carry a silly power brick.The Kindle could survive all these misfeatures , if the reading experience were good . It is not . I do n't know how they tested this thing , but anyone with normal sized hands ca n't find a way to hold it without accidentally hitting buttons . They claim it can be held with both hands , but I have to rest it on a surface , or hold it gingerly with my right hand only . The big fear of the designers seems to have been that people could n't find the next page button , so they made it take up one whole side . A second next page button and a previous page button consume the other side . Which means if you want to hold the book naturally in one hand , you are going to accidentally palm those buttons , and lose your place.The keyboard , which is necessary to make the buying and web experience possible , also takes up a lot of space on the device and risks accidental key presses . There is really only one point on the front of the device you can safely rest your thumb . And holding the same position for long periods of reading is n't any fun.On the bright side , the EVDO is a cool feature , and I like the idea of devices that come with infinite bandwidth . The scroll-wheel menu interface is also good , certainly better than the Sony ten-button menu interface . But these do n't make up for the difficult reading experience . And with a new iPhone coming , I 'll have a portable web browser anyway . I just need my electronic book to be a good book , not a digital convergence device.I 'd love to see a better E-Ink book than the Sony Reader . But the first generation Kindle is certainly not it . Do n't buy one .
 I have had the Kindle Reader for 4 days now and it is easy to use and easy to read . However there are faults which are immediately apparent .1 . The cover falls off repeatedly .2 . The back cover falls off repeatedly .3 . There are so many buttons on the front that it is nearly impossible to hold without accidentally pushing a button and turning your page and losing your place .4 . I looked for 40 books today that I wanted to read . I did not find a Kindle Edition of a single one .
 As an avid reader , the type that packs the books I 'm going to take on a trip before I even pack my clothes , I 'd welcome a portable e-reader . However , given the beautiful design and technology that we 've seen can be achieved via the I-phone , I expect something at least that capable in an e-reader . The Kindle looks like one of the old-style e-readers that came out more than ten years ago . It reminds me of the very first PDAs , remember those ?! Where are the beautiful graphical , color displays , the convenient touch screen , the sleek , thin design that are already on the market ??? If we can get that in a phone , should n't it be quite simple to have the same features in an e-reader ? Who authorized the release of this product ? Not only is the Kindle visually unappealing , I ca n't really imagine spending hours staring at its screen , it reminds me of Pong . Are we going for a retro look here?If we can put a man on the moon , ca n't we make an appealing e-reader ? Take a look at the distribution of starred ratings for this product and the skew toward 1 and 2 star reveiws does not bode well for its future.Should I really pay $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for a product that will certainly be replaced within a few months ? I 'm an enthusiastic -LSB- ... -RSB- shopper and fan , but they missed the mark here.Give this project to Steve Jobs and his team and I 'll bet they 'll come up with an e-reader that will actually inspire book lovers like me to buy !
 When I first heard of this product , I was seriously consider purchasing one . But after reading about the capabilities -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- of this device , I have a feeling it will go down as one of the worst consumer electronic devices failures of all time . A few of the problems Amazon either failed to address or ignored : - Using DRM -LRB- Digital Rights Management -RRB- . So when this device is no longer made , and it breaks , which all portable devices eventually do , and Amazon no longer supports the product , all of my ebook purchases , which I would have paid thousands of dollars for if I fill up the device , are gone forever . - No native PDF support . Come on , how can any product that claims to be an ebook reader not have this ? A deal-breaker by itself . - CDMA wireless support . Who wants to be locked into one wireless carrier ? And since the rest of the world uses GSM , it 's useless internationally for downloading content . - Ugly . I mean , this thing got hit by every ugly stick in the tri-county area . Unlike Apple 's devices , I would n't want to be seen with this thing that looks like it could be used as a prop in a movie set in the early 1980 's . - Price . For $ 399 , you can get a very capable laptop that does everything this device does , plus has about 6000 other uses , unlike the Kindle.Overall , a disastrous first foray into consumer products for Amazon .
 Nice idea , but not really what I wanted . But your return policy is great ! No problems with the return , making it this easy , I will always consider my purchases with Amazon.com .
 Having thought my Kindle 3G was better than sliced bread , I must now revise my opinion . When I bought it in December 2011 , I was promised unlimited 3G access . This was the main reason I bought it . On using it in the Canaries this November , I found that I had been cut off after a week . When I complained to Kindle they said that from July 2012 they had limited access to 50 mb per month . I had had no notice of this and do not agree that they are entitled to do it unilaterally .
 I loaded 5 books to give to my son for christmas - went to wrap it and it didnt work but since it worked when I got it I dont think I can return it
 I loved my kindle for 18 months until it froze and Amazon refused to help . I expected more from a $ 278.00 purchased Christmas gift . They only offered to sell me another one for full retail price . Bad company to do business with ! Buy any other e-reader .
 At first I was in love with my kindle , but when I had a problem I found the technical support totally inept.After 11/2 hours they became frustrated and basically said it was my problem . Funny my girlfriends nook operates just fine with my wifi . Nooks support services are free !!!!!!!!!!!
 Like many others my power cable wiring starting chipping away and falling apart , leaving bare wires . And Amazon has the audacity to charge $ 20 replace them . This is a serious liability issue since the wire protective coating falls off leaving bare wires .
 I really wanted to like my Kindle . But I love books , and for me the reading experience with the Kindle just does n't compete with reading a book -- at the present I will stick with paper.My first complaint was with the display . I think electronic paper is a fantastic idea and have been excitedly waiting for something like the Kindle . But the display on the Kindle is too dim -LRB- too low of a contrast ratio -RRB- and the screen is too small . The low contrast ratio makes it a bit hard on the eyes , and the screen is n't nearly as big as one page of a book , especially if you use a medium or bigger font . I find this detracts from the reading experience , not being able to see more context and having to turn the page so often . My other gripe is that , unlike paper , the screen is somewhat shiny , and when I put the Kindle on my desk and try to read , my desk top lamp reflects in the display making it difficult to read . Also the time to update the display when you change pages is slow , and the fact that the display blacks out when it does this is distracting.Anyway , I am hoping that the electronic paper display technology improves in the near future , My problems with the Kindle 's design are several.First the Next - and Previous page buttons . What were they thinking ? Sure it 's nice to have big easily accessible buttons for this basic function . But they are so absurdly big and easy to hit that you are continually accidentally pressing them . It makes it very difficult to grip the Kindle on the sides . If you are reading in bed on your side -LRB- which I like to do -RRB- and try to lean the side of the Kindle on the bed , the buttons on the right side get pushed . I think these buttons were a major design blunder.I like to read in bed a lot , and need a book light . I ca n't believe the designers -LRB- at lease in version 2 -RRB- did n't include a mount on the Kindle for a reading light designed specifically for the unit . If it ran off of the Kindle battery , it could be tiny . The Mighty-Bright reading light they recommend is clearly afterthought , and since it clips on to the Kindle case -LRB- which is clunky -- it does n't grip the Kindle securely -RRB- the net effect is pretty unsatisfactory . Maybe somebody like Mighty-Bright will design a light that would clip onto the top edge of the Kindle.Also , the bottom edge of the Kindle has too many sharp corners , which can cut uncomfortably into your palms if you hold it from the bottom.I should say that there is a lot to like about the Kindle . The wireless book downloading is cool . The user interface , given the constraint that you ca n't have a cursor on the e-ink display , is elegantly done . But since I do n't travel a lot , and do most of my reading at home , I think I will stick with p-books for now . If I was travelling a lot , I 'd probably keep the Kindle , because , even with all the flaws , it works . .
 My husband purchased his kindle several months ago and really loves it , so I recently ordered one for myself . The first one I received never worked properly , and after a couple of hours on the phone , I was told to return it , which I did . Another one was received in about 5 days , an at first it worked quite well . However , today I tried to order a book from kindle , and was not able to connect . After many attempts , I called the kindle department and spent more time on the phone trying several things . Nothing worked , and now I am waiting a few more days for someone to get back to me to resolve my problem , . My husband 's kindle is sitting right next to mine and is having no problem connecting , so it 's not the location . Even when bars are showing on the bottom , I still ca n't connect . I think that I will probably have to return this one as well , and I will not order another .
 NOT HAPPY WITH THIS PRODUCT , RETURNED TO COMPANY FOR REFUND , WOULD NOT CONNECT TO NETWORK AND DOWNLOAD BOOKS .
 My wife and I bought a Kindle before a long trip to Europe . But we 've discovered that not only does Amazon 's support for using the kindle outside the US * totally blow chunks * , but their DRM is unholy.I 'm ok with the fact that we ca n't use the wireless network features of the Kindle outside the US -- we were warned about that and were prepared . But when some of Amazon 's content * can not be transferred to the kindle without the network * , that 's unacceptable . -LRB- Specifically , free book samples ca n't be loaded without the wireless network . -RRB- The wireless network should be a useful bonus feature , not something that breaks the device when you 're traveling.And the reason that we 're trying to get book samples ? The built-in dictionary on the kindle is pathetic , to say the least . Reading Dracula , I regularly came across words that it did n't know . Ok , so that 's bad enough , but arguably Stoker was using sophisticated vocabulary . But when it ca n't find words from Anne of Green Gables ? Come on people . This is not hard.So we wanted a better dictionary for the Kindle . Putatively , the dictionary is replaceable and Amazon will sell you a Concise Oxford English Dictionary for ~ $ 20 -- in 2024 . This dictionary already exists in Mobipocket format , so the release date is a mystery . Amazon offers a few other options , but it 's impossible to know if they 're better until you * sample * them . Oh , but wait , you ca n't sample them , because they wo n't send you the free sample via download , only by the wireless net . And , of course , their DRM-mania prevents you from buying or sampling a dictionary from another vendor . -LRB- That should be bloody illegal . -RRB- And their tech support for this whole issue has been crap . In the past , I 've had pretty good experience with Amazon 's support for , say , sending gifts . Not this time . The impression they give is that the customer can f * off and die for all they care.Needless to say , we 'll be ebaying this unit as soon as is practical and we wo n't be buying any more Amazon-branded electronic widgets in the future.Finally , the form-factor is only so-so . It 's almost impossible to hold the kindle without hitting the forward/backward buttons , so I 'm forever flipping pages.I hear that Sony has a new model of digital book reader . I would recommend that you check that version out , rather than giving your money to Amazon for this.Now , if someone would only pass this review on to Oprah ...
 The one star is n't for the Kindle , it 's to Amazon for not forseeing the upcoming sales demand during the holidays . Did n't they learn from last year ? You had to wait several months before the Kindle became available again ! Now , it 's not even December , and they 're sold out . They should stop advertising something they can not offer . It 's not fair . I wanted to get this as a gift for Christmas , but I refuse to pay three times as much , which is what it 's selling for on Ebay . I had to look for something else . I 'm sure I 'm not the only one who feels this way .
 I received my Kindle on Dec 5th , as promised . I opened up the package and was reading in just a few moments . The Whispernet worked great . My wife and I were totally involved in the books we were reading . After a night of reading on Dec 6th , we went to bed . On December 7th , the Kindle was dead . It had been charged the night before . Nothing we could do would make it come alive again . I called customer support and they took down my information . They had me go through all the steps to try to revive it , such as pressing the reset button . Removing the battery , and pushing the reset button again . I was told they were going to try to find out what to do next and would call me . No one called . I called them by the end of the day and was told , by someone else that they would be shipping me a replacement in 7 to 10 days . The person I talked to said the first person I talked to would be calling me to confirm that . I still have n't received a call . I expected better customer service from Amazon than this . I do n't understand why they ca n't overnight a replacement to me . I was told I would probably not be put at the end of the line on people expecting newly purchased Kindles , but the person handling the call did n't sound too sure of himself.As I said , it is great when it works , but I probably should have waited for a later version when all the bugs were worked out . It makes me wonder about all those Kindles being sold on Ebay for three times what they 're worth . If those go belly up , what recourse will the second hand buyers have to get theirs fixed?Still waiting for an Amazon response , C.S. Redmond12-14-07The replacement Kindle arrived today . If it keeps on working , I 'll give it great marks . Time will tell.Kindle
 Totally fed up . I used to have a kindle in my computer on which I could read the books I had purchased . Recently Amazon and Apple seem to have colluded so that I have to purchase an array of expensive updates in order to have a kindle on my computer again.I 'm switching to other more open market devices .
 I love my kindle , however , the insulation on the charge chord just disintegrated ! I 've never seen anything like it and worry that it may pose a fire hazard .
 I 'm new to e-books , but needed one while working in West Africa where access to current Western books in English is slim to none . A long-time Amazon.com customer , I readily bought the Kindle but am quite disappointed with it . The `` slide to wake up '' button works ONLY when it WANTS to `` wake up '' ; sometimes I have to slide and quickly release , other times hold it . The page forward is ALWAYS sticking -LRB- it 's stuck again right now -RRB- , so I have to knock the thing around a lot ; i.e. , push the forward arrow a few times , then try the backwards , then try to go back to `` Home '' ... and then , of course , it suddenly jumps forward or backwards and there 's no easy way to go back to where I left off . There are no page numbers , just a percentage -LRB- of book read , I guess -RRB- and some other numbers but I have no idea what they are ; they do n't seem to be in any logical sequence . It would be nice if `` Go to '' had options like `` last bookmark '' , or page number . I really miss being able to `` flip through pages '' as in a real book . I ca n't readily find out how to archive books I 've read ... and when I download new material , the archived material disappears until I go `` home '' and then `` menu '' and then `` menu '' again -LRB- or is it the other way around ? -RRB- . Very annoying .
 I have n't been able to locate - other than the information on visual media - what formats this reads . In other words , it looks as if I ca n't go to an epublisher and purchase a book from them and expect to be able to download and read on this device . That makes it impractical in today 's expanding ebook market . Unless of course the publisher joins the Kindle store . Limited formats and where I can purchase books are the major reasons I disliked my Palm Pilot for this function . As an ebook author , I want readers to be able to seek and find those titles that are not on the NYTBS list and available only through the publisher . There are some real gems out there that might be missed . If I 'm spending four hundred dollars on a device , I want to be able to read from any publisher , not just a select few .
 I have been reading ebooks for years on Palm devices , including the LifeDrive and Sony Clie . Right now , you can get the Palm 's T | X with its large color screen and SD card capability for $ 200 . It 's a great deal , and the backlight makes this thing actually usable for reading in bed while your mate sleeps . In addition , the TX with ereader software can access tens of thousands of books , too . Plus text files , pdf files , and just about any format out there . AND , if that were n't enough , the price of ereader books are usually HALF the Kindle price and there are MANY free ebooks out there as well.Sure , I 'd like to play with an epaper screen and have a little more screen real estate , but not at the prices Amazon or Sony want . They are trying to make the next iPod hardware/content thing and I say no . The Palm TX is way more than acceptable .
 I love my Kindle but I have to leave my house and drive 10 minutes up the road to get it to work . After I bought it I found out there are dead zones all over America . I am not exactly in the boonies . I live on the Eastern shore of Maryland on the water . The problem is Verizon has my area locked in . So check your cell providers before you buy a Kindle . I think Kindle likes Sprint in order to work . Anyway , you can check maps on the Internet or call Kindle Support . They know exactly where the dead zones are.I think this technology is great and it will improve . $ 399 is a lot of money when you ca n't use an item as it was intended in your home home . 4 stars if I had service !
 As many previous reviews have noted , the button placement is poorly thought out . Screen resolution is so-so , and this limits fumctionality when reading magazines or newspapers . After almost a month , I still find the machine `` in the way '' of the material I am reading . For me , the arrangement , size and feel of the Kindle are distracting . For the price , I am quite disappointed .
 The Kindle is a good device . The physical design could be better , but with regular use you get used to using it and the button placement becomes less of a concern . What the Kindle really lacks though is in available content.I am an avid reader of Science Fiction , but from what I can see this applies to every genre of books . When I first got my Kindle I was impressed that several books that were available only in hardcover were also available in a Kindle version . I assumed that Amazon would at least make sure that new titles that reached paperback would also be available in a Kindle format . Sadly that has not been the case . I already wait for new books to reach paperback before buying them . I am not going to wait months or years for Amazon to make those same books available on the Kindle . I would gladly purchase every new book I buy on the Kindle if they were available . If Amazon wants this device to succeed they must supply new books in Kindle format as soon as possible . The Kindle format has to be ready at least by the time a new book is released in paperback if not before.Another area that Amazon is missing out on is in making more older books available on the Kindle . I was looking for a particular older book and naturally tried looking on the Kindle . This was for one of the premier authors of Science Fiction , Arthur C. Clarke . I would expect that Amazon would want every work of these authors available on the Kindle . Sadly only a few of his newer works were available . I currently have a collection of books that I own that is approaching 5000 + . I have more titles in my collection than are available on the Kindle and that is sad . Even worse is that the list of available titles on the Kindle is growning at a snail 's pace . When I got the Kindle shortly after Christmas there was slightly less than 4000 Science Fiction titles for the Kindle and there are still less than 4000 Science Fiction titles for the Kindle.If you were hoping that the Kindle would be your main source for newly released books , I would wait until Amazon does a better job at making new content available . The Kindle could have been a fantastic device but the lack of new content renders it another dust collector .
 I requested and received a Kindle from my wife as a birthday gift . I wanted to love this device ; conceptually it is something I have desired for a long time . It turned out to be a disappointment to both myself -LRB- because the device did n't live up to expectations -RRB- and to my wife -LRB- because I ended up wanting to return the gift that I asked her for -RRB- . I 've read many reviews that complained about button placement and the overall shape of the device . I had expected that these complaints were execrations . Wrong ! If anything they fail to properly illuminate how problematic the design is . It is physically impossible to hold the device without repeatedly mashing the page forward/back buttons . If you hold the reader at the bottom , in the right hand -LRB- as one would hold a paperback -RRB- the point at the lower right of the device pushes painfully in to your palm.Secondly the display ... I spend my life working in front of PC displays . I love reading but dread recreational reading on a monitor . E-Ink is a superb answer or should be . I was under the impression that the kindle used the exact same sourced display as the Sony reader . Now I am not so sure . The kindle seems to have a far grayer background vs. what I remember the Sony had . This of course leads to a diminishment of the available contrast between the background and the text . With my eyes this is problematic , within half an hour of reading on this device I had a blazing eye strain headache . I did however read far longer on a Sony reader in a local bookstore with no ill effects.Wispernet ... The promise of untethered access , to an endless supply of reading material . WHEN IT WORKS ... Let me explain . I own a Sprint EVDO smart phone . My smart phone in my left hand had an EVDO connection with a full 5 bars of signal strength . The Kindle in my right hand was bouncing between 1 bar of 1x -LRB- 1xRTT Data
 I 'm not so good at the maths , but if it 's $ 399 for the device and $ 9.99 per title , it appears that the Swindle would cost me over $ 2,000 to fill ` er up . Why on earth would I want to do that ? Especially since the iPhone/Android has pretty much sealed the deal on getting my newspapers/blogs on the fly . You 're going to have to do a lot better than this , Amazon . If I 'm going to spend money on books , they 'd better be making my bookshelves prettier .
 There is a benchmark for electronic features -- backlight , touch screen and color.I can not imagine that Amazon comes to market charging $ 400 for an item that has none of the above !! What are you thinking?My Treo has all of these and costs less than $ 400 . If you expect me to use your device it must at a minimum have the basic funtionality to which I 've grown accustomed -- Backlight , touch screen , and color . I am not spending $ 400 then purchasing some clumsy add on external light source . Additionally if there is glare you need to figure out how to have a no glare screen if you want me to plunk down $ 400 . I have read many of the reviews that discount the value of these 3 features and the posters either work for Amazon or are so technologically in the dark , you should ignore them.Amazon do not bring version 2.0 to market without
 I ordered my Kindle on 11/29 , I received it on 1/7/08 and the device did n't work . It would not take a charge so I ca n't really comment on the features . . I called Amazon and they are shipping me a new one sometime in February . This has been very frustrating and I 'm wondering if the rush to get these products out has hurt quality control ...
 I have often looked for an electric book of this sort , but the thought of $ 400 + $ 10 or more per book + some Service plan im sure , Im fine with the $ 7 paper backs.Not saying this isnt for you though .
 At $ 400 a pop ? You 're kidding , right ? Plus the book titles are $ 9.99 . Hell , you can buy most of those books for less than $ 20 from Amazon . Drop a book and you pick it up and continue reading AND donate to a library when you 're done . Drop the Kindle and you 're out $ 400 . What about the price of batteries ? I may not be the sharpest tack in the box BUT I did n't just get off the boat , either . I 'll pass , even at $ 99 .
 A book is much easier to keep up with and a lot cheaper . Not sure what all of the hype is over the Kindle as I think it is very over-rated .
 Tired of seeing it everywhere on Amazon ... sooo annoying ... plus it is black and white !!! who cares ?!!!
 Why is this book so ugly . I especially do n't like the keyboards sticking out . I think I have been spoilt with iphone and the likes.I prefer sony 's ebook design to Kindle , but kindle 's library more . But , please do justice to everybody and pay some designer to play around with Kindle . I am sure Amazon.com can afford it .
 Amazon has dropped the ball on this product . 1 . once you purchase the books it should be under your ownership for life . DRM is a big mistake and will force more people to find ways to copy . If I lose my books , I 'm not going to pay again and will find a way to obtain it free . 2 . The device is overpriced , Amazon can make more if they lower the cost of the device since people will start to buy only from them . 3 . Give it FREE if we purchase X amount of books per month . If not I have no plans to purchase this and will wait for Apple to come up with a better idea via iTunes .
 Borrowed this device from a friend of mine who was an `` early adopter '' . I spent a full week with it , and read 2 full books . Overall ? Not impressed . The design is n't as streamlined as I 'd like , and the e-ink is less sharp than on Sony 's PRS-505 . The wireless feature is neat , when you can get to an area that supports it . Page turning takes longer than the PRS , as well . The color is hideous.Overall , I 'll take the Sony . Sleek silver , more streamlined , better clarity , a full $ 100 cheaper , and I can download my own stinkin ' files with ease , and for FREE .
 Not interested . I have over 3,000 files -LRB- 3 GB -RRB- of books that I got free . It would be nice to carry them all around with me but I do n't see how that 's possible given the specs .
 I 've been waiting for a `` killer '' ebook ready for a long time . I `` want '' to make the leap . But this is not the product . The design is horrible . Could n't they have consulted ebook reader fans before committing to a design ??? The price is way too much . Plus , I have no desire to have yet `` another '' device to lug around . DRM is a big turnoff as well . This product misses on many levels . I 'll stick with audio and real books for now . Maybe version 2.0 will be better but its not there yet . Please Amazon
 I do not have a Kindle or any other reader . I am 77 , and have arthritis in my hands , which means I ca n't read the new translation of `` War and Peace . '' I want to know if there is a reader that I could comfortably use without too much prior computer experience . Is the Kindle it ? -LRB- No , I ca n't afford it at this time , but would put it on my wish list if I could use it . -RRB- And this is the best way I know to ask .
 I am a researcher and do n't want to have to convert the stack of white papers I must read from pdf before I can use them on this reader . Otherwise I would have bought one.Cmon Amazon it 's not too late ! Oh and cut the price by 50 % too .
 For the price of this product , I can buy a playstation 3 . . which has a blu-ray dvd player included . Dont get me wrong I am a book lover , but most will agree that for $ 399 it might be more fulfilling to spend that much on the actual books themselves .
 I have had a number of glitches with my Kindle so I can not rave about it . I sure like the idea of it . My husband loves his and has not had any problems . So I keep working through mine hoping I will fall in love with it also !
 I bought one of these things at a garage sale for FIVE BUCKS . The owner said it was the most useless piece of @ # % $ he had ever bought . It came with three books on it and had been been de-enabled . I use it as a paperwight on my desk and when I get bored I randomly move pages back and forth . It looks just like a Tandy computer product from the 70 's . Earlier I posted a scathing review of this useless product listing the obvious facts that very few of these things had actually sold and since then I see only a thousand or so more reviews that the Kindloonies have allowed to stay up . So ... now that I actually own one I feel entitled to give it a TWO STAR review as an excellent and amusing paperweight instead of a ONE STAR review as an abomination against good old fashioned books.So There ... . Kindloonies , have at it . Be creative , and if you are all still posting under assumed names from the Amazon call center in Bombay earn your paychecks and blast away.You know who you are !!
 Forget about the price , copy protection , and lack of PDF . The key point is the screen and this is where the product fails . Eink is a great idea that just is n't ready yet . The screen can at best be described as grey with type rendered in something just short of black . The contrast is so poor on this and other devices like it that use in other than well lighted conditions is too great a strain on the eyes.If I had it to do over I would wait until they had a display with greater contrast and the background at least approached white .
 I originally reviewed this item after receiving it and rated it more highly . But after using the device for over a year my enthusiasm has been tempered with reality.While the Kindle attempts to be `` the iPod for books , '' it falls short of that goal on several fronts : First , the design of the device makes it almost impossible to handle it without accidentally pressing the navigation bars and changing pages . And if a navigation bar gets pressed accidentally for a period of time , the device just keeps `` flipping pages , '' leaving you to find the place that you were reading.Second , the price of the Kindle edition of too many books is outrageously high . While the Kindle edition price of new releases may be lower than the hardcover editions , the Kindle price for too many books that are two , four , five or more years old remains significantly higher than the price of the paperback editions or even the discounted hardcover editions.Like the music and video industries , greed seems to rule the publishing industries . And apparently saving millions and millions of dollars in materials , publishing , packaging and distribution costs is not enough incentive for the industry -- they also have to make inflated profits from the electronic , DRM-controlled Kindle editions , too.If this device were a `` give-away '' at $ 49 or some such price , then the inflated prices for the Kindle editions of aged books might be acceptable . But to pay $ 359 -LRB- or $ 399 or more as many purchasers did -RRB- for the device itself and then have to pay high prices for content makes this device a niche product.If you are considering purchasing this device , you should ask yourself this question
 This unit is way too expensive . It should be free if they expect me to pay $ 9.99 per book download ! Good idea -- bad execution .
 I have read and read . Finally , I got to what I wanted . After spending $ 400 , I would still have to purchase books to read , as I understand it . No freebies here . If I am wrong , please let me know , someone!But , will not buy until these types of readers are under $ 200 and offer books for free .
 $ 400 ? No way can a middle income household afford this luxury , particularly in this economy ! My Public Library , here I come !
 Why did n't you make this work worldwide ? And what about pdf files , does it works with pdf ?? No good !!!
 These things never make it ... maybe when we have paper thin flexible screens ... but little clunky boxes to read ... nope not for me !
 You have got to be joking ! I can buy a small notebook PC for that . This thing should be 50-60 bucks tops and it will be before long or it will go the way of the dodo - mho
 Books can be read without needing a power source . Books are a nice break from the digital world . Also there is an artistry and feel to the book which I enjoy . Books have different shapes and looks to them . When I read art books I like big beautiful art reproductions in books which this machine can not duplicate with the screen size it has . It is great to have a big huge art book on my table that people can flip through . Overall , I prefer the experience of reading a printed book over having an expensive machine to read books in a form that I enjoy less .
 I like Amazon , I 'm sure the Kindle is a great product , but there is no way that I will buy it now that Oprah is endorsing it . It was a bad move on Amazon 's part to use her as a promoter of the product .
 I purchased the Kindle 1 on June 23 , 2008 , paying the full price of $ 360 . I loved it . Despite the negative reviews on here about the price , the awkward buttons , and everything else , I LOVED my kindle and used it daily.Daily , that is , until this morning , when the screen displayed nothing but black lines . I tried resetting it , turning it off & on , plugging it into the charger , and whatever else I could think of . Nothing worked , so I called Amazon 's customer service.After going through several departments where the representatives did n't really speak English , I was put through to technical support . They informed me that because the warranty had been expired for a whopping three weeks , they could replace it with a refurbished kindle for $ 160 . In other words , I could pay a total of $ 520 for a product that now sells for $ 299 . I am so upset at the lack of support for this product , I could cry . My situation has changed , like so many , in the last year , and I ca n't afford to buy another Kindle.I have to say , it 's a great product , while it lasts . But do n't expect it to outlast the warranty by much . I 'll be looking into a cheaper ebook reader , one that hopefully has better customer support.And I will NOT be buying anything else from Amazon .
 This is great for the cutting edge with cash to spare , but it 's really not ready to catch on yet . Here 's why : What works
 I tried reading a book with this device and I found that approximately 30 pages in I had severe migraines . I have never had this problem with a real book . Hopefully I can return it for a refund .
 My wife purchased the Kindle for me and had it shipped to our home in Alaska . Unfortunately , the wireless service does not work in Alaska -LRB- or Montana -RRB- . Amazon was apparently unable to point this out during the order process even though our Amazon account is registered in Alaska and the ship to address was Alaska . They do mention the lack of coverage on the website , but should make it much more prominent or provide a warning when someone selects shipping to Alaska or Montana .
 It is difficult to review something one can not use.The advertisement was misleading . The Product Overview gives a lot of details but ... It implies that Kindle can be used around the world as per this extract from Product Description - Introducing Kindle `` With Whispernet , you can be anywhere , think of a book , and get it in one minute ... '' There is nothing that says Whispernet is solely accessible in the States . And not having a credit card issued by an American bank as required for this purchase , prevents me from downloading to my computer.It seems a very good product and I would love to use it but not living in the States makes it impossible to connect to Whispernet . We order books regularly and have had no problem before . It was a nice present from Walter , my husband , but a disappointment to me since I read and travel a lot.Micheline Stepko
 Books are tools for me and each one I use is highlighted to the max . What a great tool if lines/words could be highlighted and , then , pulled up later in search mode . I bet it will happen . Till then , I have to give it 2 stars for effort ... unless it already has that capability .
 What a shame this , otherwise quite appealing device , is ugly as hell . Amazon should have taken a page out of Apple 's book rather than the Standard Soviet Design Manual ...
 It is cumbersome to use and needs some upgrades . My wife test ed it , read several reviews , and will waith for improvement before ordering again . We returned the original Kindle .
 In within 2 weeks the Kindle 's screen was bleeding . I was sent a second one that did not download the books from day one . By the time Amazon was ready to send me a third one , one month passed since the first day of the original purchase and they would only give me a refurbished one . Despite their claims that refurbished kindles were better than new ones , I decided to give up and ask for money back . Because the over 30 days purchase I was not re inverse fully , very unfair since none of it was my fault . Also I did not like how there was hardly a place to hold the book without flipping pages for you . I would wait for the next generation of Kindle .
 I like the product , but the price point is way too high for us masses . Also the lack of color is a major drawback . I would expect future models to cost less and eventually add a color display.It should also have a handle or wrist strap . It is inconvenient to have to carry it around like a book all the time.For now I will wait for the price to drop in a few months . I might try it out now if Amazon offers a 30 or 60 day trial . Then wait for a price drop OR find that I ca n't live without it .
 Simple put ... it 's alpha product that simply does n't fit the bill . Used it for a day and returned it . The cons out weigh the pros . It 's supposed to be simple to operate , but I found it not so simple . I had to hard reset the devise because it froze up . Connecting to the kindle store in the NYC area just did n't work . Returned it within 24 hours of use .
 I bought the Kindle as a gift for my husband who travels frequently for business and loves to read on those long flights and during downtime in the evenings . I had to make an emergency trip to South America , so I co-opted the `` gift '' because I had no time to shop for books in the short time I had to get my travel arranged . While it turned out to be quite a conversation piece , it 's performance was not up to par
 I was thinking of purchasing a Kindle , but I 've decided to wait . The reason
 Hey Jeff , The letter of appreciation for all of us who ordered Kindles and waiting , and waited , with no updates , for delivery information is a nice gesture but how about showing your appreciation by giving us the `` classics '' like SONY is offering its ebook customers -LRB- 100 classics for $ 1.99 -RRB- . In my frustration over the lack of information on the delivery of my Kindle I decided to check out the competitors and found this offer from SONY . Had I not found out yesterday , after multiple request for information that my Kindle was shipping , I was going to cancel my order and by the SONY and the classics . Considering your Kindle is priced at $ 100.00 more that the SONY as does not support as many systems as the SONY does -LRB- PDF , etc -RRB- you should consider some type of compensation for all of the customers who hung in there.By the way , offering free books like the classics that are in the public domain anyway would intice someone like me to buy Kindles for my two college students and one high school student who need to read them.It would cost you nothing , give or take , but would be a nice gesture to provide the same offer SONY is -LRB- a penny a book -RRB- but would be a nice thank you for our patience .
 My first problem with this reader is that after spending $ 399 for it the ebooks cost $ 10 a pop ! My iPod was cheaper and yet I can get music and tv shows for less than 2 bucks . It seems that eBooks should be much cheaper . I guess if I am going to spend $ 10 on a book I will just buy the book . When this goes obsolete I will still have my book.The battery is weak and needs a charge almost daily , especially if you are an avid reader . I travel a lot -LRB- for the day and back -RRB- and do not want to haul around a bunch of chargers . Until the battery is improved and the costs come down -LRB- which they will knowing technology -RRB- , I would wait on purchasing this !
 Kindle
 I really love the ease of use and the light weight nature of this product but it is very difficult to hold . They did n't design anywhere for your fingers to go and I constantly find myself clicking the ` next page ' bars when I do n't want to ... It is annoying and i 'm sure the next version will address this issue . Too bad I did n't wait !! Aside from that issue -LRB- which is rather important -RRB- , the device is great . The reverse out print takes a little getting used to on every occasion but after a few minutes , it is mostly forgotten.I LOVE how much easier it is to use while reading in bed , but again , this is when the problem with the awkwardness of fingers comes into play ...
 I was very excited when this unit first arrived . After some time , the unit began not connecting and charging properly and had to be returned . It is not the same as a good book .
 I purchased this when it was a special on the Oprah Show , and I made two mistakes . I did not check to see if my area received Sprint Wireless , which it does not . I have to travel 20 - 30 minutes to get to aa area I can download books . My second mistake is I wanted to wait to use it because I knew I was having sugery and would be layed up . I quickly went through area downloaded some books but now the medicine I am on makes it hard to concentrate so I ca n't give a review for a couple of weeks . I will give a better review at that time .
 I returned my Kindle . I live in Hawaii . I do n't remember being told there was no wireless service available in Hawaii for the Kindle Store access , so when I found out , I immediately returned it . I also learned that most books that interested me were not available for Kindle.Great idea , but not for me !
 Bought it in June and the battery already ca n't hold a charge . Have not used in much and was out for the month of August . Amazon needs to address this issue . You need to buy extra batteries if you want to use on the go . If you use it by an outlet it is good .
 The Kindle is n't very intuitive , but after an hour of playing with it , t becomes fairly easy to use . The instruction manual could be improved . However , the product has design features that need to be improved . It is difficult to hold the Kindle because of the positioning of page bars on either side of the display window . If you hold it too tightly on the left side , you will inadvertently interrupt your reading by putting too much pressure on the bar that returns you to the preceding page . On the right , too much pressure keeps putting you on following pages . For uninterrupted reading , you have to hold the reader at its bottom , either on the sides of the key pads or below them . It would have been better to have designed buttons in the area of the key pad to turn pages back and forth . Then the product could be held at a variety of angles with the changing comfort of the reader.Also , it would be nice if the digital version tracked pages from the printed edition so downloaded reading could be used for research.I 'm sure the next version of the product will be better.Ed Spievack edspievack@mac.com
 Beside all the previous reasons why not to buy this reader is , IT IS UGLY.BEGIN RANT : LOOSE THE WHITE CASE AND ACCESSORIES !!! Ever since the first Crapple Ipod , all these portable device manufacturers think the case has to be WHITE . You 're out of your minds . Even Crapple offers their device in colors because WHITE IS HIDEOUS !!! Do n't you know that a white portable device will look like s ** t after a few hundred miles of use . Just do black and leave it alone.END RANT.I still would n't buy it for all the other reasons .
 I was so happy to get this item in just a few days!Then I tried to connect to download a book and it does n't work in Alaska or Montana . What 's up with that ?! I sadly returned it the same day .
 I just do n't get why this is so expensive . I have a 3G iPhone with a FREE eReader app called Stanza . I can read the exact same books that the Kindle does plus all the other features of 3rd party apps including PDF support.If Amazon really wanted to sell this thing they 'd subsidize the cost and create a membership package to a virtual book club . 99 bucks for the reader and 29.99 a year for the club would the sweet spot for me .
 The pathetic tech-twerps , who spend their lives in closets , will invent anything to replace the sensuous , the tactile , and the simple . I love the look and feel of books . From the artful covers to the informative jackets and everything in between , you can skip pages , read in any order you want , highlight passages , and appreciate the style it 's published in . Once again , the tech-twerps are making this obsolete . Somebody should kick their heads in . I will not have my visual field reduced to a boxed in screen .
 I know , I know , reviewing a product I do n't have . Overall , I like the device . E-paper is awesome , and the wireless aspect is cool . I also happen to like Mobipocket format -LRB- which is what Kindle is -RRB- over pdf , much better , IMO . I can get Mobi books from most e-book vendors , like My Bookstore and More and Fictionwise . So unlike Sony , there 's pleny of places for me to find material to put on it.The one and only thing stopping me from purchasing this thing , and the only reason for the two stars , is the price . If it were half the price , $ 200 , I 'd snatch one up this minute.Five stars on the device -LRB- much improved over the early photos , ick ! -RRB- , but two for the cost . Make it cheaper , Amazon !
 These seem to be so many positive attributes to Kindle , but the few flaws are bothersome . The deal breaker for me though is that the device dose not do the one thing I had hoped it would do ... text-to-speech output . I will buy this or any reader like it that will allow me to listen to , as well as read the books , blogs , news that I wish to receive . I realize that the typical speech output of text-to-speech is not that good and that there is an Audible.com option , but I find the content far too limited through that source . Please add the text-to-speech and I 'll have my order ready !
 I am now up to my 3rd Kindle . While the concept of paperless reading and the disposing of my $ $ $ after I have finished a book or Magazine in the trash is bothersome to me . And now the reason I am on Kindle 3 is because I also entertain the word games as well as reading . NOW THE PROBLEM ... . THE LETTERS ON THE KEYBOARD WEAR OFF.I AM UNABLE TO KEEP THIS DEVICE MORE THAN 2 MONTHS . THE LAST KINDLE LASTED ME ONLY 9 DAYS BEFORE THE LETTERS `` A '' `` S '' `` D '' `` L '' WERE COMPLEATLY GONE . I think I now have to look into a device that has different kind of keys .
 I was excited to learn about Kindle , but I found out buying books with it locks you into Amazon and the as evidenced by Amazon 's recent treatment of 1984 and Animal Farm , the Kindle is built to restrict , not enable what users do . You ca n't copy , backup , or really do much of anything with your eBooks . Text to speech is `` disabled '' on many books.Do not buy . Absolute rip-off .
 I purchased a Kindle in the hopes that it would allow me to be able to get back into comfortable reading . I have been the owner of a first-generation Rocket Book in the past , and that was the most wonderful reading experience for me . However , the company went out of business , my battery went dead , and that was the end of my Rocket Book . The rocket book did basically what the kindle does except that you had to use a computer as an interface . I see no improvement in the Kindle other than it being able to search and download in minutes . I miss the backlighting that the rocket book had . I noticed that people were buying book lights for their kindle 's . I could see the text of a book when I enlarged the font sizes , however , I could not search for a book on the kindle because I could n't enlarge the font sizes of the website . I also have a mobility impairment which makes it very hard for me to use the roller button as a pushbutton without rolling it.Accessibility D - . Penny GrayAdaptive Technology Specialist
 I truly love the concept . I just believe you should have asked those of us you would be making money off of before you come up with such a product.First , those of us that read , realize that 88,000 choices is equivelant to one after dinner mint . You might as well say there are no choices , or you will choose for us . We get to pay an exhorbitant cost for something we wo n't be able to use.I would love a device like this , with a reasonable price , since you would be getting money from us constantly , if you had the books . It would have to open like a book as well as look like a book . Those of us that love reading also love the look and feel of the book . I would also like something that stored on memory chips instead of internally . I do n't see why the light is n't built in . There is a book light -LRB- called book page ? -RRB- that is page size that sits on pages of paper books . Wonderful light and easy on the eyes . Why is n't that something that you have integrated into your ebook?Mostly , ask your book lovers what is most important to them . Then go back to the drawing board and make it right . You would be amazed at how fast you 'd sell if you just took the time to ask and to implement !
 I bought a Kindle because I read lots of documents , particularly download documents . I also travel frequently , so the Kindle seems a good solution for me for paper-less reading . For the current trip , I loaded many documents thinking I can read a lot during the down time in my trip.I uploaded documents to Kindle using their free.kindle service , I got the documents sent back pretty quickly . I then use the USB wire provided to send the materials to the Kindle.I was happy the first 3 days of my trip , then , my kindle did not work any more . It stopped responding to my keyboard input , even turning off the kindle did not do anything - it could not be turned off either.I have only received the kindle for less than two weeks and had real reading time for only 3 days.It sure is an disappointment.I left the Kindle on , thinking when there is no more power it could `` reset '' itself . However , after 2 days , it is still on.Anyone know how to deal with this problem?Answer to this questionI did write to Amazon customer service , they gave me a phone number to call for Kindle Support
 $ 400 . For that I expect a lot , or at least , what I 've already got on my Palm .1 . With Palm , I can direct load * any * open -LRB- no Digital Consumer Disablement -RRB- text format , including RTF , TXT , HTML , or MobiPocket text via a USB cable and have it readable . I have open-source/free converters for all of the listed formats and do n't have to pay for the privilege of loading , say , John Ringo 's magnificent `` Sister Time '' into my PDA.You ca n't do that with a Kindle .2 . With Palm , I can transfer text to and from my PDA at work * and * at home , which makes a great way to keep my collection maintained when I buy stuff at work on my lunch hour , download it there , and haul it home.You ca n't do that with a Kindle .3 . My Palm has a backlight , so I can read in bed without disturbing my wife with a booklight.You ca n't do that with a Kindle . ` nuff said . This is worthless e-Trash .
 The Amazon Kindle is not ready for market and neither is the Amazon technical support team . I received my Kindle two days ago and it crashed seven times . I called tech support and they were only able to tell me `` I understand your frustration but there is nothing that I can do '' . I really do n't need to say any more . That is enough to put the Kindle in the sucks category .
 The biggest issue I have with the Kindle is the side buttons and the white/black contrast . The buttons on the side are difficult not to press . They take up the entire side of the device . So I frequently find myself hitting them when I try to pick it up . If you set it down , you really have to pick it up careful so that you do not page by mistake.Secondly , its hard to read ! I 've seen read-lights suggested with the Kindle , and I can see why . Unless there is a light source near by , it can be tiring to try and read its dim screen . I always read books in bed , with just the room light on . The kindle is much harder to read than a book , even when both are side by side . Next to a lamp , or other light source , the Kindle is very readable . Otherwise it reminds me of some of the early monocrome laptop displays from the early 90 's . Also this thing is expensive !! It costs the same as my iPhone . And the iPhone is color , uses touch and easier to read wikipedia on . Of course no books . But my point is , if Apple can build an iPhone for the same price , surely Amazon can add a few more features to make this device a bit more modern.I think ebooks are great , and ca n't wait to see what future generations of this device will hold . For me , I think the price is the biggest issue . At $ 400 , I am expecting an iPhone like ebook reader . Not a dimly lit monocrome tablet .
 Most of the well known historians are not on kindle . If you are looking for books on history that are newer than four or five years old forget it . Kindle has a very limited selection and most of the books can be bought for less at a book sell . They show a lot of numbers but look before you purchase . 10 versions of Story of a slave girl . Several are Federalist and Ati-Federalist papers . They do a lot of duplication to get their numbers up . Look at what you can purchase before you get a kindle .
 This looks like a great product . This is likely to be the future of reading ! But the set of benefits that comes with this 400 $ purchase is not as good as it should be for the price . I invested a lot of money in building my science library , getting books mostly from amazon . Today , I see Jeff Bezos on Charlie Rose talking about this new thing , I leave my work and spend half an hour watching the exciting discussion about the future of book reading . I think , well , now all my library is going electronic and I would have it in my backpack . Since amazon has been offering ebook upgrades for almost everything I purchased , I naively presumed that amazon will offer kindle upgrade as well for the books I have purchased from amazon . This seems to be not the case and I find it extremely dissapointing.Sorry guys , unless you offer a reasonable kindle upgrade for the old books purchased from amazon , and amazon marketplace I gon na stick to the old ways.Naturally , I will change this review if amazon offers kindle upgrade for my old purchases .
 It 's unbelievable to me that a company such as Amazon can spend three years trying to develop a break thru product and in the end comes up with something that looks like this.WHY ?????? Even the ad for the product looks like a commercial on QVC . Perhaps that was the idea ... How can you develop this sort of product and ignore the kind of attention to detail that companies like Apple are giving to their product design . There is nothing that makes me want to pick up this device and read from it , despite all the technology.I will wait for Apple 's version of it , where you can just turn a page with your finger on a touchbase COLOR screen .
 It would be wonderful to be able to use this device . Amazon was ready to charge my kindle device order with an internationally issued credit card yet they are unable to sell me content with the same credit card . Thus it is a very expensive piece of nothing ! Can not use it , no warning anywhere during the purchase process ! So watch out !
 As an experienced electronic book reader and customer -LRB- including Rocket Books and eReader -RRB- , I have some concerns that will keep me from buying a Kindle until these are addressed : - Proprietary content format means that I have to depend on Amazon everytime I want to put my own content on this reader . Need our own conversion utility , not a conversion service . - Lack of native PDF support is a serious oversight ! Content from school , business , vendors , and colleagues comes in PDF format . I read at least a dozen different PDF files a day . Most of my work gets converted to PDF format for easy sharing , not to mention protecting the content . - Mechanical keyboard gives up screen real estate . How many devices now support a touch-screen keyboard for the rare occasions when you need to type something ? Amazon fills space that could have provided a larger viewing screen with a full keyboard ? Fix this in the next version . - Charging for blog delivery ? I subscribe to about a hundred blogs on my laptop , home desktop PC , and Pocket PC , all of which can read electronic books . If you want me to give up those devices for electronic books in favor of Kindle , give me a way to update the rest of my reading without paying $ 1 each per month to do it !! Let me sync over the Internet for free , but charge me for using the wireless network for non-purchased content . - Rocket Book was great while the service lasted , and then it went out of business . I do n't expect Amazon to go out of business , but what assurance do we have that the Kindle wo n't become `` a great experiment , but did n't achieve the revenue numbers needed to keep it going '' ? Will we all be stuck with an unsupported device ? What assurance is Amazon giving that support for the Kindle will be as enthusiastic five years from now , as is available today ? What will happen to all of my purchased content if Amazon chooses to de-support the device ? - What is the warranty on this device ? How can I be protected from a $ 400 loss if the device is broken ?
 I could get neither Beautiful Boy nor Tweak for my Kindle . The Kindle is quite expensive not to be able to get books I want to read on it and be advised to contact the publisher to request they put their offerings on Kindle . That should be amazon 's job ! This is very disappointing . WARNING
 Feelings are obviously running strong on this product , and I hate to get sucked into the philosophical debate , but I think I understand why this is happening to so many of us
 I would really like to purchase this product but it wo n't work in Wyoming ! You have to have access to Sprint and Sprint is not offered in Wyoming . : ~ -LRB-
 I heard about Kindle a few days ago and have been eagerly awaiting more information . . only to be let down once again . I travel extensively and would love to have a good e-book reader . I go through around 1,000 pages of material a week and would love to keep that pace while I am outside the US but so much is wrong with this product .1 . Service model . It doesnt work for music -LRB- Rhapsody , etc -RRB- and it doesnt work for books . I want to own what I purchase , not rent . People have persoanl libraries for a reason . We could all just borrow from public libraries if we wanted a service model for books .2 . Hardware . When will companies learn that a sleek device sells better ? Apple produces products that are restricted in all sorts of ways -LRB- hardware , expansion , drm -RRB- but peopel still buy them because the device and interface are just that good . Kindle looks like a crummy Fischer Price toy , instead of a $ 400 hi tech device .3 . Price . $ 400 ? Seriously ? 4 . Book price . Ok I understand Amazon gets squeezed by publishers but seriously ... Giving Amazon a digital copy of a work to sell for you completely eliminates 90 % -LRB- random high number -RRB- of your production costs .5 . EVDO ? Why ? If you can afford a $ 400 device just for books you already have a computer and other gadgets . Wifi is readily available even if you dont have a computer .6 . Backup . So when it breaks from heavy use can I download all my books I boought again or am I just out of luck?I sooo wanted to like this product . . but I just cant do it . Lower the price . Drop EVDO . Let me connect it to a computer . Open the format restrictions and I will buy one for myself and every member of my voracious reaidng family .
 The very best thing about Kindle is that it does n't require a computer to download a book or periodical . There are a few other nice functions on the Kindle , namely the ease of access to data -LRB- scroll slide -RRB- , the font function that allows sizing the font for ease of sight and the bookmark feature -LRB- which was not intuitive to figure out , but nice to have once you can get it working -RRB- . There are a few things about the Kindle that are irritating . The first problem is that it is a difficult device to hold while not touching any buttons . Found myself ` BACK ' if I was n't paying attention to where my hands were , then it was not easy to get back to the page I was on when I inadvertently touched ` BACK ' . Same goes for ` NEXT PAGE ' & ` PREV PAGE ' . Also , the ` NEXT PAGE ' buttons are big . Suspect the next generation Kindle will reduce the size of these buttons in order to give the user a way to hold the unit . I own two Sony Ebooks -LRB- dropped the first one and broke it -RRB- and now a Kindle . For the price , the only thing a Kindle brings to the party -LRB- above the Sony EBook -RRB- is the wireless access . Everything else is a nuisance , but can be worked around with some effort on the part of the user . The second generation Sony EBook I have is tougher -LRB- I 've already dropped it and it survived -RRB- . If you do n't mind hooking up the a computer to buy books and want to spend less money ... go with the Sony EBook . If you want wireless and do n't mind the cost and difficulty to hold the device while reading , go with the Kindle .
 The Kindle
 After spending 2 weeks on & off trying to connect to wi-fi I decided to ring the helpline . I spent 1 hour 15 mins on hold before eventually giving up . Sadly have had to return my Kindle . Come on Amazon , where is your customer service ?
 I initially loved my Kindle -LRB- one of the first -RRB- , for all the usual reasons . But it did not work for very long . I got it in January , and by March the E-ink started freezing . -LRB- I had always been careful with it , and especially careful of temperature . It was always indoors , within the recommended temperature range . -RRB- By midsummer , it `` thawed '' enough to become usable again ... for a few months . Then , in the winter -LRB- again , while always kept in the recommended temperature range -RRB- the ink froze for good.Back then , Kindles were several hundred dollars . It was a colossal waste of money , and a great disappointment.I hear the later -LRB- and less expensive -RRB- Kindles have better E-ink -- but I personally will not risk wasting more money .
 I bought my Kindle at Staples . The device was defective 12 days after I bought it -LRB- 5-way key pad -RRB- . Accessories were overpriced . 39.99 for service contract ? Look around , you can find better values , both for the device and for the accessories . Get a Nook !
 If you are a Mac owner you ca n't download free e-books and read them on Kindle . The only program for converting and using . pdf files is Windows-centric , MobiPocket Creator . There is no Mac program that will do the trick . That is a major problem for the tens of millions of Apple Computer owners . The price of Kindle is a major problem for me . Still , I salute Amazon for trying and I hope that they can resolve these problems soon . The concept is a good one .
 I purchased my kindle in July , I loved it . I took it everywhere ! It slipped off my lap -LRB- about 26 '' to the floor -RRB- ITS BROKEN . There is nothing Amazon will do for me , I am out the $ 360 for the kindle pluse several hundred dallars in books ! There is no repairs services available ! My advice is to wait to purchase the kindle until repair services come available .
 For two months I have been using the kindle , getting used to it 's nuances but overall enjoying it . Today I tried to buy three books through the kindle store and was not able to . When I phoned the support line the response was `` it is our policy not to sell kindle documents to customers who do not have a US billing address '' It was bought with a Canadian Credit card , I bought several Kindle version books using the Cdn credit card over the past two months , I am/or maybe was receiving a subscription to Time magazine using the Cdn credit card.I have been buying hard print books using the same credit card and having the books delivered here to my home in Arizona . What is this ? My credit card is honored globally but not for Kindle?Now I am told to pack up the kindle and send it back , and a `` sorry but that 's our policy '' !!! Well I 'm not happy in Arizona .
 What a disappointment ! Finally received my Kindle and then learned that I have no service in my area . Now do n't get me wrong , I do not live in the `` boonies '' it is just that the Kindle service is dependent upon Sprint only . Have excellent AT&T service here . It is a disappointment that a corporation such as Amazon gets so tied up in marketing that they do not emphasize the need for Sprint coverage . Waited months for delivery , already purchased two books to read on my Kindle , and they now tell me that I will have to drive 70-80 miles to obtain Sprint service or download by computer . I guess this is what is wrong with corporate America , they market and do not give you all the details . A corporation as large as Amazon should not place all their eggs in a Sprint basket , get coverage with several carriers . So beware folks , all is not gold that appears to be gold . Now I face having to return the Kindle as it will not perform as advertised . And , oh yeah , since I purchased the Kindle and waited such a long time to receive it , they have recently put a disclaimer on service areas . Have been a long time customere of Amazon but if their marketing tactics are like this , perhaps I should do my business with Barnes and Noble or some other marketer that does not hype .
 The lack of direct pdf support is an absolute deal breaker . I have been patiently awaiting this release and I find the product quite disappointing . While the EVDO support seems interesting it is ridiculous that all content must be added via this link . When the device is capable of directly being connected to a computer via usb , it is silly to have to transmit content via Sprint to be converted -LRB- and be charged for this service -RRB- . The price of the device is high but not necessarily out of range when looking at the alternatives , most directly the Iliad and the Sony Ebook reader . Being a technology consultant I patiently wait for the day when an eink device comes out that would allow me to read all of the technical documents that absolutely dominate my profession without jumping through hoops or paying as much as much as a low end notebook computer . Truly disappointing and I can only predict that this device will fail unless hacked to be more usable .
 I give the Kindle a 1 star because the wireless does not work even though I am in an area that it should work . I guess I received a bad one and that was disappointing . I give Kindle support 4 stars though because they answer quickly , even at 9:00 at night . They are very courteous and helpful and even though they did not help me fix the problem they are sending me a brand new one in the mail to replace it . I can still use the Kindle with a computer to download books until I get my new one . On the down side , it will take a couple of weeks to get a replacement and I am not happy about that part of it . Thanks to Oprah they have a back log of orders to fill .
 I was given my first Kindle a year ago , and three Kindles have packed up on me within the year . I only used the Kindle to read in bed , and kept it under the pillow the rest of the time . I can only assume that the pressure of my head on the pillow has destroyed the screen somehow , so I would advise against keeping it under the pillow or alternatively advise keeping it in a case.Amazon readily replaced the first two that packed up but unfortunately the third time was just outside the one year warranty period . After one year , there is no repair option , though Amazon may offer some concession on a replacement.On the plus side , I was surprised that I readily adjusted to the Kindle format and found it much easier reading in bed with the Kindle than with an ordinary book.The moral is be very careful about putting any pressure on the screen when it 's not being used as Amazon are reluctant to admit that the device is vulnerable if you inadvertently pressurise the screen .
 After being an avid reader of books , the first time i used a Kindle i was sold on the product . However , after having owned my Kindle for just over a year , 376 days to be concise . I turned it on one night and noticed lines across the screen , this has got progressivly worse over the past few days to the point where i am unable to read.I contacted Amazon who kindly told me that i was out of warranty but could buy another one that was re-conditioned . Having dealt with the excellent customer service over at Apple , i was amazed at quite unhelpful they were.So after this , i will be buying either the Nook or Kobo to see if they manage to last longer .
 I got a Kindle for Christmas last year . Did n't want it then , put it on a shelf . Finally drug it out the day after Thanksgiving , decided to try it . Charged it up . At my house , it ca n't find a Wi-Fi network . Plugged in the USB cable , apparently I can charge it with the cable , and nothing else . Tried to `` eject '' the Kindle using the user manual , nothing . It will charge all day long , wo n't do anything else . Tried to buy an ebook . Amazon took my money ok , the book downloaded to the PC somewhat ok , but it wo n't show up on the Kindle . I have thrown it back in the drawer , and it will stay there forever . Glad I did n't pay money for this thing .
 We have spent over $ 1000 for Kindles beginning with 2 first generation readers , one 3rd generation , and now 1 of the 4th generation devices . We have had product failures following the warranty periods on all but the 4th generation and figure it 's just a matter of time on that one . I contacted support and was asked to do the obvious resets again on each device and when they didnt miraculously come back to life I was reminded that they were out of warranty . They did offer me $ 15 off if I wanted to purchase another replacement . I feel that Amazon should provide me with a free replacement considering the amount of money I 've spent over the years with them . Neither the representative nor the supervisor had authority to extend that offer . They were very courteous.If Amazon truly wishes to be `` the most Customer-Centric organization in the world '' they should take a page from Nordstrom and concentrate on keeping their customers satisfied . Customer-Centric is a nice catch phrase , although to me it 's just words without meaning . Given what I feel is a dead-end with Amazon , I will give the Barnes & Noble Nook a try
 imagine my surprise when my kindle fire was stolen and Amazon refused to help get it back . That 's right , even though to use the kindle it needs to be registered , Amazon has changed its policy on stolen kindles and now when a stolen kindle is identified through the registration process , instead of asking the unsuspecting new `` owner '' -LRB- typically bought on craig 's list -RRB- to send the stolen kindle back to amazon so it can be returned to the rightful owner , starting in January the new policy is to tell the person is told to just throw away the kindle . Sound crazy ? i thought so too so i wrote to Jeff Bezos foolishly believing that certainly he would not condone this policy . i got a worse than canned response form one of his minions not even bothering to address the issues but instead sending me back to the kindle team to give them suggestions for kindle improvement . talk about not even reading the letter , the logic of helping a long time amazon customer completely escaped the `` executive response agent '' . the sheer greed of refusing to have the found kindle returned to amazon and to the original owner and instead force the purchase of a new kindle redefines greed , self interest , and a complete disregard for loyal customers . know that if your kindle gets stolen , the last people on earth who will help get it back are the people who sold it to you .
 If I paid good money for this gadget , and almost full price for the E-version of a book
 Kindle
 Great , another nail in the coffin of bookstores . You know , a place where people buy books , talk to a live person for advice , and generally interact with the world . We live in what 's rapidly becoming a world socially isolated automatons -- this should really be helpful.I read books and buy books , I like to hold a book in my hand , I like the smell of the paper , I like to see my bookshelves lined with BOOKS , not a freaking machine.What a damn shame .
 I wanted to buy a Kindle as soon as information came out about it last year.This August , I purchased the device . Claims about wireless service -LRB- through Sprint -RRB- are greatly overstated , especially for parts of the country like mine not served by Sprint . While it is possible to download books via the computer -LRB- and I did read two novels downloaded to the computer and moved to the Kindle -RRB- , that is n't what I wanted to be able to do . Further , I was unable to download magazines and newspapers to the computer . Several emails to Kindle support did not address the problem . The third reason I 'm returning the Kindle is that books other than best sellers are not available . Why would n't Amazon make all award winning books and authors -LRB- e.g. , Nobel , Pulitzer , Booker -RRB- available , regardless of publication date ? I would have loved to use and keep the reader and will keep my eyes open for improvements . Based on where I live , I am unable to get my money 's worth and am returning it .
 The Kindle is an acceptable e-reader at best . It 's real value is with the deals that Amazon is making with the publishers and the cell connectivity.I have 5 criticisms of it :1 . When it is powered on , it is difficult to pick it up without turning a page ; I would put the buttons along the back sides so the screen could be larger -LRB- assuming # 2 below is not possible -RRB- ; 2 . The screen should be touch-enabled ; it could then be full length , with a keyboard that would appear only when needed -LRB- the screen refresh time would have to be reduced to make this work well , but there is already a big latency between the key press and the appearance of a letter anyway -RRB- ; this would also remove the need for the the roller thing to select from menus ; 3 . The bottom right and left corners should be rounded off so it would be more comfortable to hold ; 4 . The power switch should be on the front ; 5 . It really , really , really needs a hierarchical , folder-based storage system for content .
 Well -- I arrived home from work today and found my Kindle had been delivered . Took it out of the box , read the user guide and then plugged it in to start working with it . Unfortunately , it never powered on . Completely dead . So I called customer service and they told me I had to call a different toll-free number for Kindle support -LRB- 866-321-8851 -RRB- but that they were available 24x7 . I called the number and was told that they were only available during the hours of 6a-10p Pacific -LRB- and it was 10:05 p -RRB- . So much for a positive experience with this device . I tried resetting the device and re-seating/re-connecting the battery . Nothing .
 I wo n't talk much about the technical aspects . That has been covered by the other thousands of reviewers and I pretty much agree with the consensus opinion that this is good hardware with some areas for improvements.But the pricing is a joke . $ 359 ? And Amazon is being economical with the truth in how they present prices . The ebooks of `` new New York Times bestsellers '' are presented as being at $ 9.99 and a `` $ 17 discount '' from a print price of $ 27.99 . But if you are already an Amazon buyer , you will know that the REAL price of those are actually just around $ 15 -LRB- just click on the other editions link ! -RRB- . If you are buying paperbacks , it makes even less sense since most are around $ 10 . At that rate , it will take you hundreds of books to make the switch a worthwhile one , assuming that you do n't upgrade to new machines that Amazon is bound to come up with every 1 year . So there is effectively no price advantage in switching to the ebook system.Amazon needs to start making the ebooks benchmarked at 50 % of all Amazon final prices on the hard copies , and I will seriously consider switching . Otherwise , this is too much money for too little at this point in time .
 I found the kindle hard to use . It was hard to hold it and read and not press the `` next page '' button , so I was always skipping pages then found it hard to go back . There is no place for your hands to hold the kindle .
 I bought one during the Amazon sale for $ 137 with no pop up ads . For a week I tried to get used to it . No way ! Could never get the pop up keyboard to work correctly . Inconsistent pressure with the various letters and numbers . Had to spend needless time trying to type any kind of entry . Never did get to try any of the APPS thanks to the typing problem . Sent it back . Amazon was real responsive with a quick refund .
 I am an avid reader who was delighted to receive a kindle for my birthday . Before I had my next birthday , it had stopped working . I took good care of it , did nothing wrong , but it was a brick . SO , I was sent another Kindle by Amazon . Hooray ! But in less than 2 months , it has begun acting like the first one . It lasted through Tropical storm Sandy , Now it is sketchy . It blinks , goes on and off and occasionally decides that OFF is the best place for it ... usually when I am ready for a break and a good read ... or this morning , just as the hero was clearly ready to finally speak honestly to the heroine.Now it is back to preparing for Thanksgiving dinner for the family ... no reading , no relaxing , no discovering what happens next . My family is happy that I am now kindle free , however , I am NOT . Thankfully , Christmas is around the corner ... hopefully , my family of Geeks will find a better ereader for me . The Kindle is just too disappointing . I think that I may have been sent a re-furbished kindle the 2nd time ... or they are just getting less reliable ??? p.s. Haters , do n't bother to reply
 I have had 3 kindles and all have had battery issues . The battery will not hold a charge after I have had the kindle for about 3 to 6 weeks . If I try to resolve the issue , I have to sit on a chat line for a long time , then get transferred to a ` specialist ' and sit on the chat line while the party seems to be working with multiple people at a once . then I get sent a reconditioned unit that also does n't work . This is without a doubt the worst electronic device I have ever had the misfortune to purchase . it is money thrown away !
 I really enjoyed my kindle keyboard until today . I removed it from charger , went to turn it on , & it went haywire . There are pixilated lines running horizontally & vertically . I called customer service & was told once those lines show up the device is DONE !!!! No way it can be fixed . I 've had the kindle for 18 months , did NOT put much wear & tear on it . Did n't drop it . Did n't get it wet . Amazon tells me I can purchase a new one . The warranty is only 1 year . I do n't know that I even want to purchase another . I think it 's disgusting that they do not stand behind their products . It 's probably better to buy the book from my local bookseller instead of supporting amazon . Or maybe I 'll purchase a nook .
 Upon receiving the Kindle as a gift , I thought how wonderful!I travel to third world countries or past third world countries for about four months a year . What a great idea to be able to carry a bunch of books in one little device . No more carrying a books in my day-pack and carry-on . Maybe I could carry a few more shirts instead.But , after spending a little time with the kindle , I realized I could not risk taking it with me . It seems cheap . The tabs seem flimsy . A litle thumb touch here or there and your forward a page or two or back a page or two . There are so many seams for dust and mist to foul it up that I 'm afraid it would n't last two weeks.In this day and age one would have thought that any company producing something like this would have thought of the beach , camping , travel etc. . Something other than lying on the couch and reading.A thirty inch drop test is silly to explain how tough it 's suppose to be.The side tab with the reflective pica is n't very easy to read at certain angles.In all , the screen seems fine and the interface w / kindle Store seems good.It just too bad the device was n't constructed as a more solid unit w/o seams similar to the Ipod , with smaller tabs that need a little more pressure , and with a cleaner design.And what 's with the poorly made cover and terrible locking clip . Really !
 Market a brand new , first generation , unproven technology that is supposed to be paradigm changing - release it in an unstable -LRB- and receding -RRB- economy and charge an astronomical amount for it ????? When you expect customers to immediately buy their favorite reading material from it ??!! Who came up with that recipe for taking what should be a great product in the long run and dooming it from the start ? Sad that such a promising idea is crippled by greed and poor market entry strategy before it can even get a foothold . Oh but wait , I almost forgot , the shipping is free ! Someone in marketing at Amazon has an interesting sense of humor ...
 The battery died , the machine died . We managed to revive them after many frustrating days trying to get help from Amazon . Then , the whispernet internet connection died and we threw the kindle out . What a waste of time and money . Amazon can sell and ship products ; it ca n't make or service them .
 The kindle sounds great but there are a few details that i ca n't seems to decide make it a worthy purchase . Amazon is charging ebooks almost as much as the real paperback versions that you can keep forever . How long does the kindle last ? Is there anyway to save the purchases you made onto another device ? Like a computer ? When you exceed the space limit do you have to start deleting the books you bought to make room for the new ones?The main point i 'm trying to make is does all the money put into buying these ebooks go down the toilet once the kindle breaks , or just stops working ? I wonder how long the life expectancy is anyway , maybe 5 years or so?I think this would be a worthwhile purchase if the ebooks were alot cheaper than buying a paperback that you would have forever .
 TOO EXPENSIVE ! We pay almost $ 400 for the device & then $ 10 for each book ? Talk about price gouging ! & we purchase the books only from Amazon?W / the price you are charging , I think I 'll wait for one on Ebay , Version 2 , lower device/book prices OR competition that are much more affordable . I want & need one so badly -LRB- severe arthritis -RRB- , but this is too much to ask anyone to purchase it for me . Let me know when they fall below $ 100 & offer many more books @ much lower prices.Great idea , too high a cost . Please work on lowering the prices so more people can & will read using this device .
 Why would I buy an expensive device that did not read PDF ?? If I want to use this for work it would be useless . I also already have a library of books and docs in pdf and other formats . They seem to be useless with this device.Come on , it is a good idea , but get rid of the stupid limitations and make it functional .
 Let 's see ... Pay $ 400 for a gadget then pay $ 20 , $ 30 , $ 40 for a book to read . OK I do n't have to turn the pages . Am I missing something?Apple squeezed the RIAA to get songs for $ .99 . Can Amazon do the same ?
 FIVE -LRB- 5 -RRB- ISSUES :1 . WHITE NOT RIGHT
 The Kindle itself may be a fine device , but the Kindle books you buy are not yours . The terms of service specify `` You may not sell , rent , lease , distribute , broadcast , sublicense or otherwise assign any rights to the Digital Content or any portion of it to any third party , and you may not remove any proprietary notices or labels on the Digital Content . '' Further , Kindle files are not viewable on any other device .
 My Kindle was recently given to me as a gift . Only days before , I had received my Cybook Gen 3 by Bookeen which I had chosen for myself from the various readers available . This gave me the ability to compare the Kindle to not only my old Original Rocket Ebook , but also a new E-Ink device.Hardware - The Good : A lot has been written about how ugly the Kindle is . I might even agree . It is not `` sexy '' like an ipod . However , the Kindle is comfortable to hold and navigate . I rather have great usability than a `` sexy '' form factor . The Kindle is very comfortable/easy to use .1 . E-Ink screen is easy to read for long periods of time .2 . Secondary e-ink strip keeps the main screen from needing to be updated more often , making menu choices faster and easy to navigate with the roller .3 . The weight is light -LRB- especially compared to my old 22oz Rocket Ebook -RRB- .4 . Having an extra memory slot is great . Ability to move data from Kindle to memory is easy and useful .5 . I ca n't express more how much I love the large page forward/back buttons on either side . This is a large part of what makes the actual reading experience very comfortable . I have on occasion accidentally paged more than once , or accidentally . But as I get used to the device , this happens less often.Hardware - the not so good : I feel rather dubious about the keyboard . I know it is needed for someof the online connectivity , but for a reading device , I 'd rather have a larger screen than online connectivity . Either make the screen touch sensitive with handwriting recognition , or hide it in a slide out function if the connectivity has to be there . I plan on spending most of my time on this device reading , not browsing the web . The device should be designed with that in mind . If I wanted to browse the web , I 'd get an iphone.Software - The GoodIt is pretty easy to navigate . : -RRB- Software - The really badI love to read . I love to re-read books - even years later . I usually end up buying my favorite books several times because I wear them out . Electronic copies should be good - because I ca n't wear them out ! However , DRM makes things difficult in the Ebook world . I understand authors wanting to protect their work . I 'm ok with that . I 'm ok with paying for content when I can reread it when and wherever I want . I am not ok with only being able to read content on one electronic device that has a probably very short life span -LRB- after all , it is an electronic device , lets be real -RRB- . When my device fails , I should be able to easily shift content to a new device . I do n't want to be a slave to any one device , since a few years from now technology may be very different and another brand may be way better . I really hate proprietary DRM 's because it keeps me from accessing MY data that I rightfully purchased . Books I purchased only a few years ago for My Rocket are now completely lost to me.OK - off my soapbox ... Kindle failed big time in the readable formats . I have given in to the Mobipocket drm with my Cybook because the Cybook is so flexible with other formats . I figured Mobi was at least used in enough other hardware devices and Mobipocket has a plan for adding/removing reading devices that I could accept this DRM format that would work for me in the future , not just be an expensive hole in my pocket . That the Amazon should base the Kindle on a modified Mobipocket format that prevents me from reading Kindle versions on other devices and prevents me from reading my DRM Mobi versions on the Kindle is unacceptable.If it were not for this I might be tempted to give the Kindle a 4 or 5 . However , this is such a big deal to me I have to give it a far lower score.In the end . I am keeping both the Kindle and the Cybook . I 'll likely read all non DRM format stuff I can on the Kindle because the actual reading experience is so nice . If I ca n't easily get my desired content to the Kindle or if the content I want is DRM , I 'll read it on my Cybook .
 Product is very appealing , but I wo n't buy until it will accept . pdf files without having to be converted and offers optional backlighting .
 The concept is a good one , but 400 dollars ? I would pay $ 49 to $ 99 for the product as is . The value is n't there to spend $ 400 . Also in this day and age at the very least I would expect a color screen . This product has some great ideas . I saw Mr. Bezos on Charlie Rose . I wish he would have addressed the price point of the hardware . Also , at least for me , the book does not disappear when I read . The book itself is very much a part of the reading process . I love books . I hope the day does n't come when all books will be standardized e junk . Sometimes the tactile quality matters when reading.Lower the price and I 'll buy one in a minute for all the trashy , fun and sometime informative reading I do while traveling or on holiday .
 The problem -LRB- and pet peeve -RRB- I have with Kindle and other reading devices in the market , is that , in their zeal to prevent people from copying the books , and create the flood of piracy that is dooming the CD industry , they have come up with a solution that is very incomplete in many aspects . Yes , it works for them . But not for you , the user . After all , they sell you the `` book '' , but they ensure there is no way to share it , `` loan `` it , or just give it away , which is exactly what every reader in the world has always done with books.The day they come up with a book on a chip , sold in a case like that of a Blue Ray Movie , but with something resembling a tiny Xd chip inside , I would seriously consider it . A number of chips could be fitted in the Kindle case or in its body . You could easily carry 10 books or more . furthermore , you could buy a chip with , say , Shakespeare 's full works . or Grisham 's . They could be protected against copying , then you could loan them to other Kindle users , check them out at libraries , collect them , give them away , or resell them ; everything you can and do do with a book . Inserted inside their bigger cases , they could be a physical , actual book like shape that you could put on a book case for your library where you could browse and build up a good looking display . Since you could not read the book in Kindle UNLESS the chip is inserted , there 'd be no way to `` load '' your book and then pass the chip to someone else.I read Ken Follet 's latest novel , and it was a pleasure for me to lend it to my mother to enjoy . I want it as part of my collection , so I 'll make sure to get it back . Same should be the case with an electronic version . If Amazon in its eGreed wants to maintain ownership over a eBook which I bought at a much greater level of profit for them than what they get for a printed edition , -LRB- think about it
 Would love to have this , quite frankly I 've wanted to buy the sony e-reader forever , but same issue . 1 -RRB- Too much money . 2 -RRB- no backlight.Different people have different concerns/praises of course , but in my circle of friends we 've all come to the same conclusion.Regarding the price being too high
 After two weeks my screen froze . I called tech support , who after a brief review of a couple of procedures , agreed that the screen was defective . I was assured a replacement in 5 to 10 business days . 5-10 business days turned into 2 months lead time on the replacement . My observation was that this device is accident prone and support is pretty poor ... For $ 400 , I 'd wait to see if they fix the hardware issue before you invest in the device ...
 Short version : Would I buy another Kindle ? No . Except out of professional curiosity as I am an interface designer.Long version : Physically , the Kindle is difficult to hold , particularly when typing . The page forward and page back buttons seem flimsy and are badly placed . They also violently favor right-handed readers.I had difficulties `` trickle charging '' the device from my laptop at night . Even though I thought I 'd charged for over 10 hours , the device was dead . Seems my laptop needs to be open and on to successfully charged - and with the power cord attached . That said , many USB-charged devices -LRB- including the iPhone -RRB- demonstrate the same user-unfriendly behavior.The protective cover makes the device as thick as a Robert Ludlam paperback -LRB- 32mm -RRB- instead of the svelt 17mm it features au natural . But the upside is that it will fit in the outside pocket of a man 's suit -LRB- without the silly cover -RRB- ; this makes it easy to carry when boarding a plane -LRB- where one hand is holding a passport and boarding pass and the other is taking care of rolling stock headed for the overhead bin -RRB- . The `` wireless off '' button is a blessing.The worst part of the Kindle , though , is the books themselves . More and more non-fiction books are designed so that the reader skips between the `` body copy '' and various pieces of `` furniture '' , such as sidebars , attention boxes , illustration captions , etc. . The Kindle is designed to present information in a linear fashion . And this format simply does n't work when it comes to today 's business books . As a test , I downloaded samples of four books I already had in my library . I found that on the Kindle , content was often jumbled in an incredibly confusing manner . But for fiction , the ebook format works fine since these ARE generally written to be read linearly.To add insult to injury , the electronic versions appear to be abridged.The user interface itself is decent - apart from the badly placed physical buttons . I managed to learn how to use the device in fairly short order , although I did need to read the user manual . This is not a completely intuitive interface .
 I 'm completely in favor of using the internet , reading articles online , digital music and other various activities which signal a trend to a leave the concrete world for a paperless one ; however , I must say that reading ONLY on a screen should never replace the experience of reading a book . Part of what makes the activity of `` reading a book '' unique is the whole experience . If you do n't believe me , read the first Chapter of Italo Calvino 's `` If on winter 's night a traveler '' . The other MAJOR downfall with Kindle is that it severely limits the amount of books one can access . It is difficult to find anything which is not considered extremely mainstream and probably is n't on at least ONE list of some sort -LRB- bestseller , Oprah , etc -RRB- . Can you imagine walking into a bookstore and ONLY having the tables with the books currently being pushed available for reading ? What about books with illustrations or children 's books , which regularly have pictures in color?You ca n't replace books .
 I really enjoy books , and I truly love the * concept * of this device . The screen reads great - that they really got right -LRB- though the size/positioning could use a little ergonomics reworking -RRB- . But for such a focused product , you would think that it would not be so very hard to come up with an open and intuitive software . But such is not the case , unfortunately , in version 1 . With even limited processing power , PDF should just be drag and go interpret on the fly ... not even close . You have to convert it . And while I do n't expect every margin and repagination to be perfect , in many cases it is just not readable . And then there 's the whole tedious middleman email/conversion bit ... and then on to the nickel and dime you to death part - I mean , the product is $ 400 - why do you have to hit me for .10 for every converted transfer ? I 'm not saying it should be permanently free , but maybe a a year of `` reasonable '' transfers ? Or some local conversion software ? Yes , you CAN do it free with an extra several steps -- but we 're getting further and further from the intuitive device this could be.And then on to my my real problem with all this the marketing/policy -- why can I get some of these books at wal-mart , read them , share them -LRB- I usually give away good books to people I like , then buy another copy -RRB- , etc. for almost half the cost of this DRMed version ? There 's no printing cost , no gas needed for the book trucks , no resellers and retailers in the middle , besides no fancy color artwork binding/cover , trees to pay for , etc. yet this electronic copy costs more . And to add injury to insult it 's DRMed . Perhaps that 's the extra cost ... supercomputers to encrypt these things ? Are we not learning our lesson in the music world ? Why create cumbersome technology for normal users , when the the real pirates will find some way around it ? I do n't mind paying a fair price for fair use , but once again , I feel I 'm being gouged and one hand tied behind my back . And certainly treating everyone like thieves is not very endearing.The readable screen and technology envelope this device pushes proves that the technology is in reach -LRB- 4-5 stars there -RRB- ... but as for good , intuitive software -LRB- - a star -RRB- , and fair pricing -LRB- - a star -RRB- and policy -LRB- - 2 stars -RRB- ... we 're just not there yet . In its current form , I wo n't recommend this to any real readers I know , but I 'm hopeful that these obstacles can be overcome .
 I bought a Kindle after watching Oprah talk about it on her show . While it is a good idea to have all your books in one small notebook , do n't believe the idea that the books are a lot less than a print book . The last book I bought was only $ 2 less than the hardcover . And also , there are many books that are not yet on Kindle , so I still have to purchase them in hardcover . There are no graphics , but I understand the Kindle 2 has newer features . If I had to do it over again , I would wait until the price is reduced both on the Kindle and the books and a lot more books are available on Kindle .
 I bought an Amazon Kindle on August 15 . I used it 4 times . By September 11 it was not working . Not only that I can not get anyone to contact me or to give me someplace that could repair the Kindle . I bought 6 books that I can not use because the Kindle does not work . I would advise anyone not to buy this product .
 WARNING !!! International customers beware . Amazon will gladly sell a Kindle to you using a credit card from outside the U.S. but they will not sell the books to you . One is not much good without the other .
 Looks like technology from the 80 's . If you 're one of the few that think the design is passable , how will it compare to readers that come out a year or longer from now ? And once you invest some money into amazon kindle compatible ebooks you 're gon na have to buy the next-gen reader they release.Direct downloaded purchases means that for $ 10 , you and only you can ever read that book . You ca n't lend . Ca n't sell on ebay like you can a dvd when you 're done . If you bought it for $ 10 why ca n't you sell it if you want ? Because copying an ebook costs nothing so the copy is therefore has no cash value . Then why did you just pay $ 10 for a copy ? The `` free '' delivery method means that you do n't get a cd with intrinsic value that you could sell or even rent -LRB- Netflix -RRB- to other people .
 This past November I received as a gift a new Kindle to replace my older well-worn dependable one . Before I had finished my first book I was plagued by my new Kindle losing power and also losing my place in the book . Finally it turned off for good ... Why ? Who knows ? We heard there had been a bad batch of product , but fixed . I called and got a tech person from Costa Rico who was very helpful and promised that it would be replaced on December 15 . . then I was to send back the dead Kindle.The date came and went ... no replacement . I called two days ago and was told my Kindle had been delivered on the date promised . The second person I spoke with Gaby was annoyed with me for not getting it and sounded like she was suspicious of my intentions in asking for a replacement AGAIN ! She firmly said that the missing Kindle would be deactivated and no one would be able to use it . As a great favor she would send me a new one to be delivered today . I checked the email announcing the shipping and discovered that the name and address where it would be sent was my next-door neighbor . There were their names and their address . I called them and learned that the missing Kindle had come to them a week ago with no identifying information and they handed it off to a son because they thought it was a gift.I called Amazon/Kindle and complained about this mix-up and spoke with Blake who was most concerned that I return both Kindles , -LRB- as if it was my fault it was misdirected . -RRB- Also I was informed by him and again via email that I will be responsible for the cost of the missing Kindle if it is not returned in a timely manner.My complaint is this : What ` mess up ' exists with Amazon shipping that it picked up the address of someone who lives near me twice when I clearly spoke my own name and address when ordering . It was even repeated back to me on both occasions.There seemed to be more concern for me paying for the missing item than why the item was missing in the first place .
 I loved my Kindle - I was reading a lot of stuff , it was fun to shop in the store , and i loved checking out new books and reader reviews . At first I was annoyed that I could n't order new books on my Kindle but that was easitly resolved when I went on line and updated my Amazon.com account - for a month or so I was in heaven . I found some books I enjoyed reading - hell , I thought I had rediscovered reading again after a dry period of several years . Then , a few nights ago I took out my Kindle . To my horror the display showed black with several `` lines . '' I could get no response . I charged it , i played with it , I coaxed it . Nothing but those horrid lines . I have only had it a short time - it is horrendously expensive . I am desperately poor and this little thing was a huge indulgence . Now , nothing . I have heard that Amazon is good a rectifying problems so I am trying , but I am out of town with nothing to read and have incurred great expense with this device . Give me one good reason that I should n't have just used that money to buy some fun paperbacks or whatever . God knows that it 's as fun to browse a bookstore as it is to click around on line . So until I get this resolved , I would recommend that anyone hold off on a Kindle . I sure as hell wish I would have .
 It 's a good product , but it 's not really a Sony killer.The instant wireless from Sprint is the best feature of all and a sound decision from Amazin considering the cost of the download across Sprint is more them paid for in the price of the book you are downloading . So perfect one there.For business travellers , it will make the long hauls a bit easier to deal with.If more technical or medical journals ended up on here that too would be icing all over the cake.The problem simply is the price point . Usually when Sony for example brings out a new gadget , they lead with a top of the line , all features included version built for the early adopters as a premium product with a premium price.The problem here is that this looks like the Joe consumer device that usually follows . Cheaper materials , cheaper feel , etc , however , they have tacked on a premium price tag . Kinda a non-starter . They need to get this to the $ 249 price point , then they could have a close winner . Make it $ 199 and I think they hit the magic mark.Right now they are in low-end laptop area .
 Kindle `` s just great as long as you do n't need any repair work . The do n't even have an repair centers set up . If any thing happens after warrenty or not covered by warrenty you our out of luck ! It has to be replaced at full cost.The sreen is extremely fragile to damage . If you have one treat it with kid gloves or too bad for you !
 I was one of the test users . It 's pretty slick and mostly easy to use - much of the usability feedback was pretty nit-picky . I also suspect that if I 'd had a manual I could have figured out some of the questions I had about navigation , but I think that was part of the testing - to see how well we could use it without direction.That said ... $ 400 is not a price point that interests me at all . I would pay half that perhaps , but only if I could also read things in different formats ; I purchase frequently from Amazon but I also use my public library heavily . The inability to get ebooks from other sources would make this product considerably less attractive to me , particularly at a $ 400 price point.I have had jobs before where I traveled extensively for work and I could see this being a much more attractive product for someone with that type of lifestyle .
 My wife opened the new Kindle on Christmas day . At first all seemed good . The Kindle fired up . We wirelessly downloaded a Kindle book from Amazon . We marveled at the technology and usability . Unfortunately the early delight soured when we found that there was a problem with the little device 's sleep mode . It will go into sleep on command and will awaken when the alt-font keys are pressed during the next 2 minutes of sleep . After 2 minutes of sleep it lapses into a coma and will no longer respond to the two key alt-font command to awaken . Restarts and resets do not fix this problem . Turning the device on and off brings it back . Changing the radio from on to off -LRB- or from off to on -RRB- brings it back . So using this Kindle requires removal from the cover to restart it each time it is put aside for a few minutes . Obviously this unit has a software or hardware issue preventing the sleep mode from functioning correctly . Our disappointment with the Kindle unit pales in comparison to the disappointment with Amazon Kindle support . After 4 and hours of continued recorded assurance that an agent would be available to help shortly , we finally gave up . A call to regular Amazon support yielded only confirmation that the Kindle support line was indeed busy . I would really like to keep the Kindle , but with the initial experience both with the unit and support it seems an untenable purchase . It will go back . Sometimes the cost of early adoption is indeed too high.Addendum 2/7/08We have now had the replacement Kindle for more than a month . It works flawlessly .
 I was eager to get this . To be sure , it 's very convenient to get a book in your hands in a minute - anywhere . But Amazon can do better - I 'm returning it . The screen is NOT bright - it 's not at all like paper . Sorry - it just is n't . I really wanted it to be.I am an avid reader - I always seem to have something to read in my hands and I am very familiar with how paper looks . The claim that this looks like ink on paper is exaggerated . Truth is , the screen is dark and grey . And why ca n't we have a backlit screen ? It 's impossible for me to believe that not having a backlit screen prevents reflected light on the screen . Rubbish . I do n't believe it.I do n't like having to attach a light to it or have a light on in the room . When I 'm travling , I want to be able to have a backlit electronic reader . It 's great to order books on the fly - anything you like , any time , anywhere . But - Amazon needs to backlight that screen.Also , the PAGES TURN !!! I do not want to have to think about how I 'm holding a book so I accidentally do n't turn pages ! Surely there is a better way to do this . The Next Page key on the right pretty much takes up the entire right side of the device . The left side has Previous Page and Next Page - also taking up the entire side.Amazon - get to work on these things , please ! We want a better device , and we know you can come up with it .
 I think that this is a very good idea , but it 's not for me . I read in a little known genre called Christian Fantasy . I looked up all the big names , but not one was in there . If you could ask for them to put books on there that they do n't have and they would do it , this would be something I would be interested in . But at $ 400 and not really any books I want this item is not for me .
 I bought a Kindle with high hopes . I live in Missoula , Montana , which is one of the largest cities in the state . It turns out that the wireless connectivity that the Kindle requires does NOT work in Montana . After several tech support calls they admitted that there is no coverage in Montana . There may also be no coverage in other states , such as Wyoming and Alaska . This means that the Service component of the device is useless , and that many , many people may be duped . I think this is bait and switch advertising , and I think Amazon owes people in Montana , as well as other non-coverage areas , an apology .
 Kindle
 I will read anything , any time and any place.I wanted very much to like the Kindle , but it is simply not a very good device . I really think that it should be viewed as a beta
 If amazon really wants to push this thing . . the price must come down . The tech inside is a few years old , on black is less than full color LCD and how big is the hardrive ? No wifi ? No bluetooth ? The cost to produce can not be close to a full service PDA or smartphone . Get it down to $ 150 and I 'm in . Not a minute before then . .
 I got this product as a gift . I started out reading the electronic reader 's guide to get started . I was interrupted in the middle and had to turn off the Kindle . Now I can not get back to the electronic guide . There is no paper manual , except for a very abbreviated `` about your amazonkindle . '' So I do n't know how to use the thing -- I 'm throwing it away .
 This , and the Sony Reader , remind me of the Palm Audrey that was introduced about 6 years ago . It has a great premise to begin with , portable reading of books on a device smaller than a laptop but bigger than a Palm . However , it 's not in color which is useful when reading technical books on a device like this or articles in the papers . I like graphs in color . Buy the next version that comes out . Forget this one . In this day , with tech savvy buyers that have been burned by idiot tech marketers before , I ca n't understand why a product like this would be only half-baked ? It hurts what could have a been a great launch of a technology on either the Amazon Kindle or the Sony Reader .
 I have no idea why someone would try to invent a lousier wheel , let alone an expensive gimmick like this . First of all , book idea or not , you can get something like an iPhone or -LRB- better yet , as I have an n800 and LOVE it -RRB- a Nokia n800 for roughly half as much ??? All the hard work in making a truly portable ` internet tablet ' has already been done , and the n800 is a full computer with wifi and bluetooth ... it can watch youtube videos , view pdfs , view webpages as normal ... why oh why would anyone drop over twice as much for something clunky and fairly useless for most other tasks ??? Maybe they do n't see all the Apple commercials about how people DO N'T WANT TO CARRY MORE ELECTRONICS AROUND , and how they want SMALLER DEVICES . . But hey what do I know about reality ???
 Just from reading all the other reviews for this product I have decided I do not want this device for several reasons . First of all , yay , another gadget ! Not ! I have my laptop and my PDA and I really do n't need anything else because these items do it all . Secondly books rock ! They have a certian quality and set a certain mood for me . Just the smell of books alone is enough to get me going!I have a personal library of well over 2000 books and can download thousands of texts onto my computer for FREE ! That 's right ... FREE ! The Kindle is rediculously cost prohibitive . Four hundred bucks and THEN you have to PAY for the BOOKS ! Yikes . Also I can not and would not want to transfer my personal library to a digital medium . -LRB- Talk about the work of a lifetime ! -RRB- Nothing -LRB- IMHO -RRB- will ever replace the feel , smell , experience , joy of reading a true honest to God book made out of paper and ink . And for those of you who would say `` Hey but you 're saving trees ! '' I would say it 's quite possible to make a book out of recycled paper . AND if someone would give it a thought , trees are a renewable resource as long as one has the time and patience to make it so.Good luck Kindle ... but I think your 15 minutes of fame is up .
 ... but i would never buy something drm ` ed.also , how can they release something that does n't read pdf?even if i have to scroll back and forth , tons of my content is in pdf on my computer now .
 This is similar to the rocket ebook later taken over by RCA gemstar . The problem before was they did not want you to get you own content and upload it to the device , they want you to purchase all the titles . You could do it , but they made it as difficult as possible.Just be careful before putting that much money into it that you can use your own documents .
 I like it , but am very disappointed that it excludes public libraries from the picture completely . I thought I 'd be able to read library e-books on this too . And how hard would it have been to include audiobook support ?
 NO PDF = No purchase . No way I will buy one of these things , unless it were a $ 10 purchase , without PDF support . I 'm sure that leaving out PDF support was no accident ! There are thousands upon thousands of FREE PDF books available , and I have been waiting for a product like this to come along so I could perhaps download and read some of them , without using up a lot of paper and ink , needlessly.If it were n't for the fact that a lot of people who do n't mind throwing away a lot of money to download PAY PER READ ebooks will probably get some use out of it , I would have rated it ONE STAR . 'T is a shame , I say!Come on , Amazon - get it together - PLEASE!I wo n't be buying it without PDF support - EVER !
 Great concept
 I was anxiously awaiting my Kindle and feel I gave it an honest effort , but in the end , there were features and feelings I could n't overcome within the trial period . The product felt awkward to me , especially ` turning the page ' and the momentary pause on the page while this happens , was something I could not adjust to . I waivered on these aspects , but in the end , I realized I am just not ready to give up the sensorium of reading . I still need to handle and feel the book , smell the pages , use my collection of bookmarks and have reading be a relaxing experience . I 'm not sure about `` turning off '' my books : - -RRB-
 If I 've already downloaded a movie onto my fire , why do I have to have wi fi to watch the movie if the wi fi is turned on ? The whole reason you download a movie to the device is so you can watch it when you do n't have service ! It 's ridiculous that I have to turn off the wi fi to watch a movie that 's already on the device when I have a weak or no wi fi signal .
 Bought this item approximately 2 years ago when the price was around $ 300.00 . After an ` accident ' with it -LRB- long story -RRB- my partner ended up having to spend another $ 160ish on having it replaced . Way too much money for such a device , considering that Amazon makes money off of the device AND the books you buy -LRB- the Kindle 's are money delivery devices -RRB- . I understand that the price has significantly decreased however ... We can tell you from our experience that it was INCREDIBLY DIFFICULT DEALING WITH AMAZON REGARDING THE ISSUES WE HAD . My partner 's second Kindle was working fine until we went through the airport scanner en route to Cancun . Amazon -LRB- overseas call center -RRB- was not at all interested in taking the Kindle back for repair or offering any type of resolution . They maintained a sort of ` too bad , so sad ' attitude.EXTREMELY UNHAPPY ! Buy a IPAD , you will be able to get far more use out of it and wo n't be tied to Kindle alone .
 I love reading electronic books on my iPhone . It 's significantly smaller than the Kindle and the design is WAY cooler . So I can put it in a coat or pants pocket , read on the subway , and listen to music at the same time . I have read Anna Karenina and the Fall and Decline of the Roman Empire on my iPhone . I would never have read these books in printed form , as they are too big to carry around and read on the fly , in the off moments that I 'm most likely to get to read , when I 'm away from my job and my noisy family . Like the Kindle , the iPhone applications , like Stanza and eReader , allow you to resize text to the size you are most comfortable viewing , allow you to choose between black-on-white text or white-on-black , and are easy to read in low-lighting situations since the text is backlit - a great boon if you want to read in a bed you 're sharing with someone who wants to sleep without the annoyance of your bedside light.My BIG wish is that Amazon start to sell Kindle format books to owners of other electronic readers . Amazon , the book publishers , and the authors would get more sales and more readers could enjoy the wide range of Kindle offerings . It seems like a win-win to me .
 Lets see ... aesthetically unappealing , over-priced , impractical . That about covers it . I do n't see how this is any better than any other lame ebook reader out there.When I read , and I read a lot , I want a real book . If I ca n't carry around a book , thats what an iPod and audio books are for .
 A hand-held reader to replace a book is a wonderful idea BUT this one takes away too many choices for the reader . To put it bluntly the extraordinary up-front cost of the Kindle itself is only a portion of the total expense . Why ? 1 . The books you download to a Kindle DO N'T REALLY BELONG TO YOU . -LRB- You should read the licensing agreement carefully . -RRB- If they did you could trade them or re-sell them . Or transfer them as a PDF -LRB- or another `` reader '' format -RRB- to your computer so you could read them again later .2 . Because Amazon wants you to buy the Kindle they have taken the choice of downloading to any other type of hardware or software.I do n't know about you but I really resent it when my choices are taken away . My way or the highway does n't work for me .
 1 . Jeff Bezos told Charlie Rose on Rose 's TV show that one could download books `` anywhere . '' Not true . The area in which one can download are limited pretty much to the populated areas . We wanted to use the Kindle in our RV and while travelling to Nicaragua . We thought we could use it wherever there is cell phone service . Wrong .2 . We downloaded one book and the Kindle froze on one particular page . It is of no use to us now , and while in Nicaragua , there were no current books in English available . We will be returning it when we get home .
 A device that costs 400 $ and adds a new e-book format to the already packed with formats e-book cyberspace without supporting the previous formats eg pdf and lit -LRB- to which many have invested time and money -RRB- is simply a waste of money and bad marketing . I would rather buy for the same money two of the `` 100 $ laptop '' by MIT and send one of them to a kid in a developing country that needs to enter the information age as well
 I just finished watching Charlie Rose 's program on channel 13 with Jeff Bezos . Kindle is a good idea . However , I feel it has many features in common with ipods and as such , if feasible , the additional features of Kindle may be combined with ipods so that the book lovers would carry just only one device instead of the two . As I understand , Kindle lacks audio capability , and with my suggestion this shortcoming will also be overcome.Moe
 I do n't know about the rest of you , but I refuse to buy an electronic book reader until A -RRB- the reader is about $ 50 -LRB- that 's all it 's really worth -RRB- , and B -RRB- the electronic books are $ 1 or so . $ 10 for an electronic book ? Why should it be MORE expesive than a paperback ??? The recording industry finally realized we 're no longer willing to pay $ 16 for a CD which has just 1 or 2 songs on it that we want . Perhaps the publishing industry will soon learn we 're not willing to pay $ 10 for electronic books.Think of the possibilities -- maps , pictures , sound , even video could be part of a book . Why is it taking the industry so long to embrace this wholeheartedly ?
 It 's a good idea , but in actuality , who has time to read multiple novels in one sitting ? Is n't that the point of any mobile device , to watch , read , listen or talk on the go ? . Also , I 'm sure there are some traditionalists who think that the point of reading is to veer away from technology and the influence of modern culture . Nevertheless , this device is not useful enough for $ 400 . Think about it , that $ 400 can buy you about 30 novels -LRB- average $ 13 per book -RRB- that make a very pretty library collection instead of one clunky , ugly piece of 1980 's - looking technology .
 This is exactly the kind of lightweight , portable device that 's needed to bring e-books into the mainstream , but gets everything WRONG on pricing , content , software , end-user rights ... Maybe the worst part is , when this bastard child of vendor/publisher greed goes deservedly belly-up , it will `` prove '' that there is no market for such a device - when the TRAGIC FLAW is in the IMPLEMENTATION . So disappointing - a huge false step for Amazon .
 399 bucks for a device that requires you to spend yet more money with them to be able to use it , and weighs more than the paperback you 'd otherwise be reading?Who 's bright idea was this ?
 I could go on and on about how totally stupid this product is , how ugly it is and how impractical it is but I think I just summed it all up . Amazon ... I feel very very sorry for you . Based on this please do not ever try and develop a product again because I am so embarrassed for you . -LRB- And it does n't work with PDFs ?!?!??! Are you on crack ?!?!?!? -RRB-
 I am an avid reader and have a library in my home of over 5000 books . I 'd LOVE to save space and get rid of ALL of em and put them in one device with possibly a few backups on removable hard drive or data-DVD 's . But I wo n't be able to do that with this device . For one thing , limited on-device storage . I would NEVER trust a third party to `` keep '' my purchases stored on their site . What happens if they go out of business or someone hacks my account ? Too many horror stories abound for me to trust my library to anyone but me . Next , the whole idea of `` living editions '' where the editors can fix errors or the author can add content `` on the fly '' means that there will never be a simple `` black and white '' edition of anything ever again . I like inconsistencies sometimes , likewise I like that history ca n't be changed on the printed page . In a wireless updated world the historians could update the `` history '' so often that you could never go to the source and say `` THERE , see I knew I was n't crazy it says so in black and white ! '' This may be a little conspiracy nut theory of mine , but if everything is customizable and editable , can we trust the content any more than we trust wikipedia ? We KNOW they are n't right all the time . Oh , and oh yeah , $ 400 and re-charge time on the battery ? Screw that , give me an old fashioned book any day . Open and read non changeable text ... simple . Plus , where the heck do they get off saying that it costs $ 10 to host a book on a website ? The authors are n't getting large royalties , neither are the printing presses paying for wood pulp and ink and binding materials . A book is a tiny data file in today 's oversized file download world , smaller than 1 song in most cases , so file hosting charges ca n't be what they are for music -LRB- which is ALSO way overpriced online IMHO -RRB- . That extra profit made from finding a cheaper way to deliver the data than wood pulp and binding is going straight in the publishers pocket , thus is highway robbery , and they expect us to plunk down more cash just like we did when we changed formats in music over the years from LP 's to 8-track to cassette tape to CD 's to . mp3 's Well folks , lets tell em NO ! Find another set of idiots to market to , OR drop your prices and give us a product that duplicates the book experience and lets us lend them to friends , sell them at yard sales and used book stores or even just allow us to keep what is printed static and not become part of the ever changing -LRB- and often wrong -RRB- web .
 This must be a joke!A horrendously ugly reader , overpriced , that requires charging every other day -LRB- batteries will start losing charging capacity , so it 's going to need an every day charge -RRB- . Haha . . I hope they did n't bet a lot on this one .
 Isaac Asimov had this covered 30 years ago - the book wins . Yet
 That has to be the ugliest piece of equipment I 've seen lately . It looks like it 's out of the 70 's .
 Another toy for guys that live at home in their mother 's basements , do n't pay rent or food , and buy the latest gadget just because it makes them feel smart.Amazon admits that the device is experimental . The intelligent consumer would wait to purchase the device until the bugs are worked out . Just as I never EVER update computer software in the first iteration - you are not only asking for problems , but encouraging the sale of substandard programs that companies -LRB- you know of whom I speak -RRB- can charge you to upgrade later.Demeaning the informed consumer for not jumping in and immediately paying $ 400 . for a sub par unit just so you can wave it around is rather amusing , if annoying . Especially when a tried and true EBookwise is only $ 139 . Or simply use your Palm device - paid about the same for it , and it keeps and transmits my documents , keeps my schedule , sends emails , let 's me create documents while traveling , etc. etc. etc. . Besides , the list of books available which work on a Palm format are strikingly larger than this device.All in all , a poor investment at this point for anyone other than a truly ` more money than sense ' sort . And no , I did n't have to buy it to be informed - that 's what research is for .
 As patron services director of a regional library for the blind , this device would have been so ideal for our patrons for books not done by the Library of Congress . However , leaving out an audio screen reader , leaves out a great portion of the population unable to read normal print due to visual impairment , blindness , physical disability , and for some with reading disabilities . Thinking only `` one-sighted '' in new technology in this way is not , in the least , something to shout about as being forward-moving .
 Wow , I do not know where to start . First off , I do not think I have seen so many fake 5 star reviews before . Wonder who did those Amazon ? Anyways , I dislike this product for many reasons . But I will just list the top five .1 . The cost alone is laughable . -LRB- Instead of buying a expensive device so I can have the ability to read my ebooks , I think I would prefer to buy 40 mass market paperback books TO READ -RRB- 2 . If you lose it , or if it gets stolen , then you lose all your ebooks . -LRB- if someone steals or you lose your book , you only lose that ONE book -RRB- 3 . Batteries and electronics are becoming a huge waste problem . -LRB- You can recycle books . -RRB- 4 . Have to buy batteries to make it operate . -LRB- Books you do n't , just open it , anytime , anywhere and it will work -RRB- 5 . And of course , as many other reviewers have stated . It is far too limiting of a device for how much it costs.If you feel it is necessary to have something like this , or if you just love having lots of books on you at a time . Fine . Buy a cheap laptop , it will cost around the same , and then that laptop will do a 100 other things you will never be able to do with Kindle . However , if you are completely adamant about buying a handheld ebook reader , find another one as this one is overpriced and underpowered .
 I 'm sure that people who just want to read books will see many pluses with this unit -- but I want to be able to load any type of content I want into a device like this so I can curl up anywhere and review it . But even if this did what I wanted it to do , the price seems extremely high .
 Disruptive technologies need to actually disrupt the incumbant technology . In this case the incumbant is an actual book and the disruptor is the Kindle , or so everyone thought.If you want something that feels like a real book then give it two screens , allow it to fold 360 degrees , screw DRM and allow a person to check-in their copy so that their friends can borrow it ... still the same copy , but will allow others to consume the content.This is exactly how your local library does it . They have eBooks and allow others to consume the media via a licensing pool , etc. . This is just an attempt by publishers to get more money from people who will consume the media once or twice and probably never again.I just went to the library the other day and got 2 books , one of which currently has the first 20 or so pages folded underneath in order to save my place . Books will never go away completely , certainly not at the hands of the Kindle ... it does n't really Kindle a favorable relationship now does it .
 I own a first generation Kindle . It has had very little use but recently the screen froze . After replacing the battery , trying the reset , the company informs me that it ca n't be fixed . They have no service center of any sort that can repair this for me . After a lengthy and frustrating conversation with their help line they offered me for the mere charge of $ 99 , another `` refurbished '' kindle with a three month warranty . Are you kidding me ? The supervisor actually said to me `` I ca n't guarantee it will work for a day or a month '' . Are you kidding me ? He quickly replied that they would replace it within the three month period . NO THANK YOU . I am on my way to look at Sony and IPAD . Hope to see you there .
 My title says it all , ... since I have a big collection of purchased , DRM 'd , Mobipocket books , I will only buy an eBook reader -LRB- to replace my Palm LifeDrive -RRB- that supports these files . I think it is downright snarky that Amazon owns Mobipocket and will NOT allow them to write a Mobipocket driver that will read my existing eBooks on either the Kindle or on Apple 's iPhone . Therefore , I boycott Kindle and will never buy an eBook file from Amazon .
 I received my Kindle in May 2008 . I travel a lot and love that it fits in my briefcase . Last night I pulled it out of my briefcase only to see that the screen has a section that has become black lines . The text in this section of the screen in unreadable . I contacted Amazon and learned that the device is out of warranty and I have to replace it . They want me to buy another overpriced gadget ? They need to wake up , while the reader is handy the goal is to sell books not gadgets . Their idea of good customer service is to quickly tell you NO . For the money I have spent for convenience I could have purchased many more books and in the future I 'll do that from anyone but Amazon .
 the product is generally good but INCREDIBLY fragile . mine fell from a coffee table -LRB- with the cover ON -RRB- and the screen became illegible.i am upset because i bought mine less than 2 months ago !! Amazons policy is to charge you $ 180 to send you a `` referbished one '' .
 The obvious vision for the Kindle is laudable - a quantum leap in information sharing and a marketing bonaza for Amazon similar to what iTunes did for Apple . The execution falls well short - a pity , really . I bought it with high hopes and have used every feature.First , the hardware . The visual display IS NOT competitive with paper . It is gray and although the font is well shaped , the contrast is poor . It does n't even beat newsprint . -LRB- Note that one of the most popular accessories is a clip on lamp - I wonder why . The font size can be increased effortlessly , but cold it be for the same reason ? -RRB- Next , one can not hold the thing normally without accidentally turning the page . I cant say enough about this obvious design flaw . Lying in bed on my side , I ca n't prop it on a pillow without accidentially turning page after page . The aim proclaimed by Bezos is for the Kindle to disappeard , not to get in the way of the content . But it does , in a big way . The paging function is a key design element and I cant believe it escaped beta testing with this flaws intact.Of lesser concern is the nifty little reflective cursor some reviewers seem to like . Unfortunately it is not visible under some lighting conditions . For example , if it reflects a white surface , like a ceiling or wall , it disappears . Also , it does not have an infinite loop - when you are at the page bottom you must scroll all the way to the top , you ca n't simply scroll down a bit more and have the cursor jump to the top.Now for the software . Most digital software suffers from an inability provide the user with a relative frame of reference . Kindle 's software is no different . Although the programmers tried a few things , they failed . Thumbnails are one option that the designers did not utilize , but thumbnails work in many applications . The NYTimes is very difficult to navigate and needs some work in this regard . Jumping back and forth between books and chapters in the same book is not effortless.Clippings are easy to make but they can not be deleted without the use of a computer hookup.Downloading free ebooks from the likes of Guttenburg can be done easily online but the only format acceptable to Kindle is Text . Text opens in Kindle with the formatting all screwed up . Lines of text are all truncated prematurely . Besides the obvious anoyance this causes with a book like Moby Dick , you can forget obtaining the original structure of a poem.The music player is a joke . With all the MP3 players around , I do n't know why they bothered adding this feature.The good stuff.I live in a metropolan area with good cellphone coverage . The whispernet works very well . Connecting with the Amazon store is a snap and having Amazon 's incredible selection of titles 60 seconds away is mind blowing . On the negative side , searching online is a little clunky . Buying books is easy although a couple of free samples provided contained only the preface and table of contents.The lookup feature for definitions is a treat . I find that I actually use the feature at least once an hour . The ability to search wikipedia and the web is in its infancy . Great idea but even with the system optimized for speed , its very clunky -LRB- a bit slow , poorly formated , inaccurate , difficult to read -RRB- . The USB connectivity worked very well , transferring and deleting files worked , the simple file folder organization was intuitive.All in all , I love the IDEA of this little machine but it has lots of design flaws . If Amazon could only steal from Apple their design team , Im sure Bezos would have a runaway winner for the Kindle 's next incarnation .
 I ordered a Kindle . Now I wait , and wait , and wait some more . Why is a highly hyped item allowed to be out of stock without even so much as an estimated ship date ? Part of the charm of a Kindle is not having to wait for a book to be delivered . So to have to wait to even be told when the Kindle will be delivered is utterly maddening .
 A great idea -- a reading device . The side tabs were too long for page turning on both sides . That did not leave enough room to hold the kendel like you would a book without turning pages . The book cover was not very good quality or comfortable to handle . Nothing made in USA as well . I decided to wait for the refinements of this new product and until there were more book choices . I looked for several and none of them were available . Keep on creating !
 I love the kindle , but I had no Idea why I could n't get any service or bars when I bought it . I had to do quite a bit of research to discover that my Kindle is supported by Sprint and Montana has no Sprint service.Once I learned how to download books to my computer then to my kindle , I can read a book but that is all I can do with the device . I wish I would have been aware of this before I bought it .
 I find the kindle difficult to manipulate through the menu and hard to understand . I have viewed your online videos but that , along with the instructions , do not explain clearly how to properly use the kindle to its full potential . I also was not reimbursed the full amount for a second kindle that I ordered by mistake .
 The price for the device and the books is terrible high . The hardware is proprietary and if your device is lost or damaged , you lose your library . The adoption rate of this product will be low because of those factors . Amazon will have to significantly lower the price . Wait a few months before purchasing .
 Kindle is a great idea - but why oh why does it have to be so unlike the book experience ? Do you read a book with a bunch of buttons hanging off the bottom ? This thing looks like something you would use to check your blood sugar . If someone can come up with a design that simulates a real book and hides the controls then I will gladly spend the money and get all the great advantages - but who wants to read more than a message on this thing ?
 I have to say that I was smitten by the Kindle hype . My observations and research led me to believe that I could trust Amazon for supporting this device and the reviews of the product looked very interesting . However , when I received my Kindle for my birthday I was a bit disappointed when I could n't receive any data due to no bars on the device . So , we went for a ride . I was told it was similar to a cell phone in getting service . This was not true , either . I could n't get service anywhere ... no matter where I went . Then , the technician at the support number walked me through resetting the device -LRB- thank God for a paperclip and a few other tricks -RRB- and I was downloading my first novel on my new Kindle!After reading one chapter , I was amazed at the wonderful display and convenience of the Kindle as far as size and storage , etc.The next day I turned on my Kindle and it was frozen again . After four calls to AMAZON I am still waiting for a replacement ... or even an email stating that my replacement is on the way.So , out hundreds of dollars , a useless , frozen Kindle and no sign of any assistance . All I can say is `` Buyer Beware '' !
 I received this as a Christmas gift . I have learned to deal with the poorly placed buttons and was very exicted to download my first books . I read the first one , no problem . In the middle of the second , the screen froze . No amount of pushing the reset button or fiddling with the Alt aA buttons will unfreeze the screen . I removed the battery . As it sits on one side and the Kindle on the other , the screen is still lit and frozen , although in the Off position . My sister 's terrific Christmas present to me is worthless . Oh well , I can go to my computer and finish reading the book at least . But no , I am unable to open the file . What a ripoff this entire thing is . I hope my sister can get her money back .
 If you want to purchase this product keep in mind that you will be dealing with Amazon via India . I am not dealing with Amazon anymore for this reason . Profits rate above customer service . I am cutting up my Amazon credit card . I am really glad that I do n't have stock in this company .
 I really like this reader , I do n't regret buying it , and I think the concept is simply wonderful . However , I have found 3 books I wanted to read -LRB- love the free chapter feature -RRB- and I would have purchased about 15 others except they are not available for Kindle.The device is 5 stars , the service is 5 stars , but there simply are n't enough titles available . It is a huge dissapointment to me , and why I rate Kindle with only 2 stars .
 I 've had my Kindle since July 2008 and it 's January 2009 . I have n't used it as much as I thought I would due to a lack of good material . I have n't traveled with it much for the same reason . Good thing . Here I am on holiday in a foreign country and the display cracked while in my luggage . Do n't believe the picture in the product listing showing it being put bare into a back pack or surviving a drop . Kindle 's screen is very fragile and if not well protected will crack with slight pressure . Mine did n't get any hard knocks and still cracked . I think this is a nice product idea but not nice enough to justify the price , nor is it robust enough . I really do n't care if it is as heavy as a book , as long as it 's just as tough . It should be able to be dropped from several feet , should have a built in cover if the display needs protection , and it should use the usb port for charging , not require a different charger .
 Loved our Kindle , despite known ergonomic immaturity . BUT within 3 months the screen broke and Amazon has no recourse for us . No accidental damage policy was available to purchase , they do n't offer any repair service , they wo n't allow us to buy a new one at a lower price . They tell us all we can do is throw our $ 400 , 3 month old Kindle into the garbage and buy a new one . The screen is fairly fragile - so only buy this if you realize your risks of losing your investment.Update 10/4
 `` Unlike WiFi , Kindle utilizes the same high-speed data network -LRB- EVDO -RRB- as advanced cell phones -- so you never have to locate a hotspot . `` Yeah , right . You forget that EVDO is mostly a U.S.-only technology.Until Amazon works out a GSM -LRB- GPRS/EDGE -RRB- version , it 's useless outside of the U.S. , for instance , down in South America where GSM is the norm.Second , until Amazon opens it up to other ebook formats , I wo n't even touch it with a 10ft pole . I already have purchased content in Audible , eReader , Mobipocket and PDF . I want an ebook reader which can read it all , rather than restrict me -LRB- PDF , HTML , TXT , eReader , Mobipocket -RRB- . Try again , Amazon ...
 Call it an alternative to a book when you do n't want to carry around many of them , but no way is this a book replacement . Book is not just a thing which gives out information , the way it is presented also brings many positive factors , OTHERWISE all the books , newspapers will be of same size , same material , same color of paper shall be used , only black ink shall be used -LRB- relevant to this device -RRB- , markers would be of no use -LRB- they are n't used just for fun -RRB- , smile on your face shall be missing when you do n't get to see how much of the book have you finished , and it keeps on going . This device makes no distinction between all those factors.Also your books can not be shared . So , dad is waiting while mom is reading only one among 100 books in there , so buy another device and buy the same book again . What if you also join them?Amazon just tried to change a very basic way of life . It is trying to prove that it has invented a replacement , which is utterly wrong . So , the faster you understand that book can never be replaced , the wiser you are.Nevertheless , I gave two for the effort.NOTE , NOTE , NOTE
 It would be great to be able to get the L.A. Times and other reading material from Amazon delivered to my laptop with no connection charge as is the case with Kendle . How about a plug-in card for my laptop to implment this ? Why should I have to have a second $ 360 device in addition to my laptop . The Kendle is a much less capable device . Laptops are in common use now . Amazon and Kendle miss the boat . I rate the Kindle concept zero stars as a marketing mistake .
 Nice direction . I need such a device , but ... Where are :1 -RRB- open SDK2 -RRB- file format specifications3 -RRB- support for pdf and djvu + easy connectivity from Linux boxWhy buy Kindle when Chinese Jinke provides all this for a fraction of the price ?
 This device seems to be all about vendor lock-in . First the DRM in ebooks ... that 's awful . Amazon made history by going DRM-free in music with its MP3 store and now they stick DRM to ebooks ? . Second , the issue of EV-DO ... they should have imitated the iPhone and gone GSM . The World + Dog has gone GSM , with the only exception of the U.S.In short
 Kindle buyers are a retailer 's dream ! These are people with no concept of thrift whatsoever . I pay less than $ 20 per YEAR for my favorite newspaper . The same paper costs that much each MONTH for the Kindle . With a tiny bit of searching , like 3 clicks , you can get most books for 1/3 less than the Kindle . Once you buy this thing , you are paying full price for everything for the rest of your life . Fine by me , it 's you folks that keep our economy rolling .
 I think I would rather have a book to be able to flip through which I like to do when I 'm reading . I like to know the words are printed and wo n't disappear , or get erased . I also like to be able to lay down with a nice paperback that is not hard plastic . But I do see the benefit for some people who travel alot and like to read the paper or magazines . It is probably good for the environment/trees , and to save paper . It has its uses , but I just hope that it does n't replace good old fashioned books .
 Having long hoped to end the burden of weighty printed books , the Kindle felt to me like the start of a new age . Instant access to books , a free always-on internet connection , a built-in web browser , and a brilliant new display technology indicated that the long awaited electronic library had arrived.My romance with the Kindle ended about two weeks after it arrived . I downloaded books , subscribed to the New York Times , and used the web browser to browse wikipedia and many other sites . In the end I decided that there are far too many kinks with the first generation , and that waiting for the next generation is worth it.About the device
 I received this for Christmas and was so excited . I just loved it when I first got it and told everyone how wonderful it was and was really nice to have all my book club books on there and did n't have to carry all those books . Within 3 weeks the screen went crazy and just died on me . I called and they sent me one the very next day and I returned that one and reloaded everything and was happy again only to have it break a week later and not able to transfer books from my account . I had a lot of trouble talking them into returning my mother 's money in full because I was not going to go through this and they only wanted to give 80 % back and then had to really talk to get the books back that I purchased for Kindle and no longer had access to . I would just say buyer beware on this and wait a few years for them to get all these kinks out . If you have too long and something goes wrong you could be out of luck with any return or refund . The concept is awesome , but just too many kinks right now !!!! Very disappointed
 I have been waiting for a good electronic reading device a long time . Amazon knows how many books I buy . Putting them all into a little electronic device would be great . BUT ... . let 's begin with the most important issue for customers
 I got a Kindle for Christmas . I enjoy and like to have electronic gadgets , so I thought I would like the Kindle . I tried it for a few days over the holiday time off . The screen is very good and easy to read , just like a regular book . It has lots of neat features , marking/saving quotes in a book , searching , and the on-line access worked very well . It worked anywhere in my home , places our cell phones did not work . Down loading was very fast . I found I missed having a book , and the handling of the Kindle was awkward for me . I kept accidentally hitting the page forward/back buttons , there was little room to hold it . It is a little bigger than most paperbacks , it does not fit into your pocket easily . Most Kindle book prices are $ 9.99 , compared to buying paperbacks , that is little high . It uses an electronic format that is not compatible with other electronic formats , so you can not use most other electronic formats . We sent it back , after a little hassle we got a full refund .
 I have had the Kindle for about a month now . It is a great concept and , with some improvements -LRB- discussed below -RRB- in future versions , could be a truly transformational technology .1 . What I miss most compared to reading a print edition of a book , is knowing where I am in a chapter or in the book overall . For example , I have been using the Kindle to read a chapter book to my kids at bedtime . With a paper book , I can leaf forward to see how long the chapter is to decide whether we have time to finish the chapter or to read the next . Leafing around is much harder to do on the Kindle - I do n't know if the next chapter is long or short so I ca n't judge whether we have time to read it . I have the same problem if I am reading in bed , and getting sleepy - I ca n't flip forward very easily to see if I am near a chapter break . All of this could be fixed if page numbers were inserted and some information where shown at the bottom indicating the page range of the current chapter . They could use the actual page numbers from a print edition -LRB- with page breaks shown as bracketed numbers in the text -RRB- or they could create their own electronic page numbers -LRB- it already has an electronic numbering system of sorts -RRB- . It does n't matter what page numbering system is used so long as it is understood how long a page is and , importantly , it displays the page at which the chapter ends , or the next chapter begins .2 . Some of the Kindle Editions of books are poorly implemented - the formats should be standardized . But , here again , a page numbering system would help . For example , I downloaded a collection of Grimms Fairy Tales . The book consists of dozens of individual stories . These are all listed in the table of contents , but they are not linked to the table of contents -LRB- as are the chapters in most other Kindle Edition books -RRB- . This means that I can not select an individual Fairy Tale , but must turn , page-by-page to get to a story . This flaw makes this book -LRB- and any other anthology that shares this flaw -RRB- unusable . With a print edition you are much more in control ; you can flip quickly through the book . Again , page numbers that can be shown on the table of contents , with a `` go to page # '' feature in the menu , would have resolved this issue .3 . The Kindle Editions of some books have weird formatting glitches . Charts are reformated as unintelligable lists . Graphics and illustrations are generally omitted entirely . Kindle is capable of rendering monochrome graphics , but generally the Kindle Editions simply do n't . I raise this in a product review of the Kindle itself because it is not an isolated issue - it is pervasive . In every Kindle Edition book and magazine I have downloaded , some or all of the illustrations and graphics are omitted .
 I 've owned a Sony Reader since they first went on sale as well . Being able to buy books on Amazon.com is a huge win even if the content library is still too small . Wireless delivery makes using the device much easier , no desktop syncing software required.My primary complaint is that the device is incredibly flimsy and too big . I far prefer the form-factor of the Sony Reader , which is both sturdy and compact . The Kindle 's big flimsy next-page button got a plastic strip ripped off it the second time I threw it in my carry-on laptop bag , despite being in the book cover . I repeat , the _ second _ time . The sony reader has weathered many many airplane trips in that same bag without hardly a scratch -- and it takes up less space to boot . Amazon seriously needs to revisit the physical design of this device to make it more durable and more compact .
 I love the idea of eBooks ... carrying around my entire library on a small device , being able to search and bookmark , etc. . It 's brilliant.But why would I buy a book if sharing that book with a friend would make me a criminal ? Why would I buy a book if some large corporation can be looking over my shoulder , watching what I read?Right now books are free to trade , share , and even resell . Unless an ebook reader allows that , it 's a non-starter for me .
 Physically this device is very impressive ; it is easy to hold , the screen is clear , you can change the font size and what is most surprising , you can navigate around the book.However , the lack of illustrations , etc. is a major disappointment . This eliminates my favorite type of book
 Everytime I used the Kindle it would freeze up after about a minute of use . I had to keep resetting it per customer service recommendations . I charged it fully , but it still kept freezing up . I am returning it for a refund . I was really excited about the concept and am really disappointed that it was not functioning properly . Maybe the one I received was defective .
 Luckily i did n't pay for one of these . I used one of my friends and being a software engineer I figured I would be able to figure it out ... no such luck . I spend 15 minutes trying to use some of the most basic functions -LRB- read -RRB- without success . I 'm sure if you study the manual it is probably useable but it still has a long way to go before it will be able to replace the usability of a book . Aside from the usability issues the display refresh is appallingly slow i could n't imagine the suspense waiting to see the next page of the book . I do have to admit once the display refresh it is beautifully easy to read . This is n't going to replace a book for me any time soon even though I 'm a tech junky .
 You 've got to be kidding me ... $ 400 for an electronic device that allows you to purchase reading material ? Notice the price difference from buying the real thing as well - not much different . You also ca n't break a book if you drop it . So you can buy a $ 10 book on amazon for about $ 7 , or pay $ 7 for the electronic version that ONLY works on this device . Let 's say you 're an avid reader like myself . What if you lose your device ? It gets stolen ? Broken ? Not only are you out your $ 400 , but also whatever you 've spent on reading material to populate it , that you now have to re-purchase to replace . It 's a compact disaster waiting to happen . Thanks , I 'll keep my paperbacks.Save your money , folks . What a scam .
 While it certainly seems like a nice idea , having another ` dedicated ' device just is n't going to work . It was annoying enough to have to carry a pda , gps , and a phone ; this one too ? Nah . Not for me . At first the novelty of being able to download and read anytime I wanted was nice , but very shortly I simply did n't use it other than at home or work ; and I could always just use a computer rather than carry around another device . The only place it seemed ` right ' , or of use rather than being just another accessory , was where lots of guys do their reading ; in the john . Which is not exactly a glowing praise of the product . Eventually the phone people will have one that takes this product 's market as well . Adobe 's had it right for quite a while ; in the future , PDF 's are the only way to go for print , and audiobooks will take that market eventually as well . This is not a product I would invest in .
 I can get AT&T ; service in the little town of Klawock . I can get AT&T ; service in the little town of Hydaburg . Can I get a Kindle , avoid 10-day shipping waits and surcharges for shipping books to Alaska ? Avoid having to give all my books away if I 'm posted to another small town $ 500 planefare and one carry-on away?Nope.This is really frustrating .
 Kindle apparently displays attachments , that is if you do n't want to view 50 % of that attachments out there . Does NOT view PDFs and most attachments are PDFs . Viewing attachments is a JOKE without PDFs . You can not open PDFs , beware if you are buying it for that reason .
 Not only is this thing completely HIDEOUS , who would pay this much to carry around books ? It takes days/weeks to read books - can not compare to carrying around a music collection . Awful idea , awful execution .
 I intended to use my Kindle as a convenient way to accessand read more than a hundred different journal articles in several major subject areas . While I was uploading the material , and Kindle appeared on my computer desktop , I carefully created different folders and subfolders to organize the content for easy access . But when I tried to read my uploads , I soon discovered that the Kindle unit itself does n't recognize or show any folders at all ! As a result , all the many different documents ended up lumped together in one overly long and totally disorganized list . That 's VERY unsatisfactory and negates any value the unit would have for uses other than reading one book at a time .
 The male protagonist is an obnoxious , self-centered journeyman furniture-maker in 1755 England who never seems to do any actual work.This may be because he spends quite a lot of his time chatting up and/or having sex with half of the females who cross his path ; as far as I could tell , we are not told what his irresistible charm is . His employer , the famous Thomas Chippendale -LRB- not a dancer -RRB- , gets understandably huffy at getting no work for his money , or can it be professional jealousy ? Young Nathaniel presumes it 's the latter , or can it be something More Sinister ? There 's a ridiculously contrived murder mystery involved , with some notable holes in its construction . I got quite tired of Nathaniel doing the had-I-but-known routine . The resolution is one of those tedious ones where it 's conclusively proved that X did it , but oh , no , wait , it was really Y , and then it appears to have been Z , or ... I 'd rather read Wilkie Collins . His characters have more character than this lot.I was also very disappointed in the final scene - I thought she had better sense.The book 's cover design is very handsome .
 The maps in this kindle edition do not have the necessary resolution and are useless . Obviously a kindle book should have kindle maps .
 I do n't know enough about the Franco-Prussian War to criticize the research and the facts presented . But this is certainly not an enjoyable book to read . If that is a factor for you , be warned .
 After reading this book , I still have n't got a clue what magic is about . This one goes to the trash bin .
 the publishers must be high if they think anyone is gon na pay that for an ebook .
 Wilde 's play has taken a turn for the worse in the last 20 years . It appears that people have forgotten how to act comedy . The Importance of Being Earnest has admittedly been cast in the shadow of the famous 1952 movie for all eternity . Edith Evans 's lady Bracknell in that movie is a hard act to follow but the eccentric British actress Miriam Margoyles is the only one of the cast in this sorry new recording to understand and be able to play a part in a famous play that is performed in words only.The male characters both whine their words with little understanding of how to make them fall into place and become part of the larger whole in fact it sounds like a recording of a first run through with the scripts.What really kills this recording is the director 's decision to have a narrator read the stage directions . As if we are half wits who ca n't work out what 's going on without being told that `` an electric bell rings '' when immediately after a character will respond and explain what the noise is and what is signifying - Duh !!! This is not the way to make an audio recording of a play and even though it is the only recording of Earnest on CD this is not the one to have . John Gielgud directed himself and Edith Evans in a classic -LRB- but cut -RRB- version for EMI in the 1950 's which has been occasionally available on cassette and Harper Collins have re-issued the 1960 's Caedmon recording on cassette which is also an excellent production . It was a sad event in Caedmon 's history when Harper Collins acquired them , the incredible collection of spoken word recordings all but disappeared from sight but now a few have been released on cassette and even a few have seen new life on compact disc . Better wait for the EMI set or look out for the Caedmon , either are better than this pathetic attempt .
 While Earnest might have been delightful 100 years ago , it becomes a chore to finish these days . All the synonyms for trite and stuffy apply . I was taken back to high school Literature days , when some of the assigned classics felt like punishment . Sorry Oscar , this one is n't timeless .
 I did n't get far before I stopped reading this book as I found the content to be silly in its attempts to be vacuously clever - the title exemplifies this - and the storyline uninteresting .
 Umm ... GUFFAW . Girl puhleeze . Everybody tripping over this book is on some ish.This is one of the most eye-roll inducing stories I 've read in a quick minute . The characters are so implausible as to be unlikable . Aunt Augusta is a complete gold digging witch . Algernon is weird and the women are dolts . The ladies have a bizarre hang up on only marrying guys named Earnest and we have no idea why . ** SPOILER ALERT ** So let me get this straight , it just so happens that John , who really had no reason whatsoever to tell people that his name was `` Earnest , '' just so happened to be left in a purse on a train by Aunt Augusta 's maid . Magically , he finds out that he 's Algernon 's brother and his name actually is `` Earnest John '' after his father . This is the same father that he shares with Algernon and yet somehow everybody forgot what the father 's name was so Oscar Wilde had to spend about a page describing looking up the name in military records . Totally unnecessary and stupid.Anyway , wow , good for John/Earnest that Deus Ex Machina was employed because now he can get married to Gwendolen because she was n't going to marry him because him name was John ... never mind this new turn of events makes them first cousins . Oscar Wilde ... `` Aw HELL no . ''
 This play is quite amusing and it is not very difficult to read . I think it does not earn more stars because you already know at the beginning how this play probably will end . Sometimes I had to wonder about the stupidity of the personnages , I mean they act in such a stupid mannor . I do not like the end because the author did not think about a fitting end before writing the book and so I had the impression that he just invented the end . This play is quite amusing to fill up time , but it is not so good that I would read it twice .
 Oscar Wilde is a witty man . The Importance of Being Earnest , Wilde 's most well-known work , is dripping with sharp humor and clever epigrams . But let 's face it , it 's fluff . The `` social satire '' that most reviewers cite to hold this book up as High Art is as pointed as a teaspoon and as sincere as a used-car salesman . Wilde was a libertine dandy who admired the snobbery and elitism of blue-blooded Britons . The Importance of Being Earnest is , in many ways , like MTV -- stylish and entertaining , with some pretensions , but ultimately just a vacuous time-killer . If you need to read it for class , or even better want some literary -LSB- bathroom -RSB- reading , fine . If not , do n't waste your time .
 I have decided that since so many people are obviously blind to how dumb this play is , I should write a review to enlighten anyone that might read it . The humor is dated and because of that , very boring . The situations are completely inconceivable and it makes no sense ! The characters are flat and serve no real purpose . I suggest that no one else ever ever read this play .
 Mother once told me &#34; Strawberry shortcake is such a wonderful dessert ... &#34; but when I tried it - it was just strawberries and whipped cream on angle food cake.I felt the same way about Earnest . I 'd always heard it was a really wonderful play , but halfway through I still had no idea who was whom and what was going on or what they were going on about . Perhaps I 'll try it again , later - but I doubt it .
 Did not read much of this will come back to it when i can spend more time with it . not light read
 I ordered this for my daughters birthday and Amazon delivered right on her birthday . My daughter is a huge Oscar Wilde fan ! Unfortunately , the book was full of garbage text . It was printed by General Books the day I ordered it . I then requested a replacement . Once again , it was printed the day I made my request and it contained the exact garbage text that the original order contained . Here is an example of the garbage text that this book contained ... -LRB- Jk * he $ . HeL * -RRB- This was all throughout the book . Then half the book looked like some bizarre glossary that did n't even belong to this book . The entire book was worthless both times and I requested a refund . I ca n't give a proper review on the book as it was unreadable !
 Very limited content , no pictures and double the price you are supposed to be paying . No thanks , I 'll pass on it ...
 Do they charge different price for this new subscription by country or region?I see some lower price -LRB- 15 $ -RRB- down there but the price immediately goes up -LRB- 28 $ -RRB- when i try to purchase it.Could anyone update me with that info?If that is the case ,1 out of thousand chance , I am going to resile from all the present subscriptions and nullify my future plan to purchase whatsoever from here and be gone for ever.It is not that I do n't have 30 $ in my pocket but , if that 's what it is , the idea that they could rip off clients who have no other choice makes me sick.This is simple . I do n't wan na pay 1 penny more than others for exactly the same thing from thisone of the world top class company , which is not a flea market .
 i love le monde . there 's just no way i 'll pay more for the digital version than a frenchman would for the paper edition delivered to his front door . that 's just ludicrous pricing .
 Being able to get foreign language newspapers delivered to your Kindle is a great idea . Charging such a premium for the service is a poor plan by Amazon .
 Well formatted , and I do n't mind the lack of pictures . But the kindle edition is less than 1/3 of the real edition , and considerably less than the -LRB- free ! -RRB- web version . It also lacks certain commentaries and features available . Most of all it is ridiculously priced for international users -LRB- USD 28/month -RRB- . I can subscribe to an ad-free , full colour PDF edition for EUR 9 a month . Amazon needs to drop its outrageous charge of 2 USD per delivery outside the US . Otherwise it will never be a global product .
 I absolutely love the fact that one can access Le Monde wirelessly on a kindle . Fantastic added value to the product . For you Amazon guys at least , I mean this is great , you guys have found a way to charge 28 USD something one can get for 6 EUR on the Le Monde website . There is , however , no way that I pay 28 USD per month for this product . And I do n't believe my comment is irrelevant at this point .
 I was thrilled to be able to get Le Monde - we live in a small Alpine village miles from anywhere - but after trying out the Kindle edition for ten days , I 've abandoned it because I miss the photos , maps and graphs and ca n't even check out the T.V. programmes . If one day in the future , these are available on my Kindle , I 'll definitely subscribe .
 It is a robery to buy an electronic newspaper that does n't has images or even his full content for such a prize . If you get Calibre you can syncronize the newspaper for free , including some pictures or even buy the physical journal for less money . Besides being an ecological solution I believe amazon needs to work out its prices for the incomplete product that is being delivered .
 Le Monde Kindle Edition is a great newspaper , rich and informative.Unfortunately it is way overpriced at 28 $ - especially when the online version , which includes a downloadable PDF is at 6 .
 lecteur regulier du monde papier , la version electronique semblait un bon complement . Il semble que le journal prenne ses lecteurs pour une vache a lait !
 The price is more than double what Le Monde itself asks for its digital editions . The image of Amazon 's brand will actually deteriorate because of such pricing policy . The sooner they understand it , the better . In the meantime , I wo n't pay that much .
 The absence of pictures and graphical content from newspapers and magazines delivered outside the US will fundamentally challenge the penetration of the Kindle world wide . Speed is key , and absence of pics or graphs will slow adoption by making subscription prices prohibitive and product irrelevant for most . It is an invitation to Tablet pc makers to jump in and capture the market with more expensive devices that provide bells and whistles of marginal importance to the book , newspaper and magazine client&egrave;le .
 Lack of pictures is n't a show stopper for me but the pricing is just ludicrous . Seems like very poor strategy to me .
 It 's difficult to understand why you would pay 40 % more for the kindle subscription than for the website subscription which includes the full content on your ipad . It gets completely impossible to understand when you know that there are free software -LRB- calibre -RRB- you can use to get a kindle edition from the website -LRB- with or without subscription -RRB- . There is also some web based services like webtoread.com which also provide Le Monde delivered to your Kindle daily , and that 's free .
 Je ne comprends pas comment est ce que Le Monde pourrait convaincre les lecteurs avec une qualit&eacute; aussi m&eacute;diocre.Pourtant , la navigation est int&eacute;ressante , la lecture et agr&eacute;able , mais le prix et la qualit&eacute; des images sont horribles ... Copie &agrave; revoir !! On y est presque ...
 The international delivery does n't include picture , chart , or photo ... Makes it kind of dry to read .
 I have tried the Kindle version of Le Monde , knowing that I can buy the paper version a few meters away from home -LRB- I live in Germany -RRB- . My conclusion is that I will not subscribe for the moment given the poor content there is
 however there is now way I buy a journal or magazine without images!I 'd love to buy Kindle but content is key . As of Today it 's English only -LRB- remember iTunes explosion when they opened up to other countries with localized content ? -RRB- . French journal are overpriced and only a few of them are available . 3G bandwidth is that expensive ?
 This book was purchased to fill my TA320 reading requirement . The book is poorly put together with formatted essays that are hard to follow and often uninteresting . It almost felt like I was reading a book written by a high school graduate with no respect for the movies . Miraculously , my instructor had much more informing handouts available than the drivel in this book . The cover is from House on Haunted Hill , which was more psychological thriller than horror .
 There is one fantastic essay in this collection , '' ' I wo n't let that dago by : ' Rethinking punk and racism , '' by Roger Sabin . Its totally great , and I think its mandatory reading for anyone interested in punk . Other than that essay though ... Well , I picked this book up from the library hoping to get a little more context for the 1970s UK punk scene . Listening to Gang of Four , Sham 69 , and Stiff Little Fingers day after day , I wanted some specifics . I wanted Margaret Thatcher horror stories and shocking welfare statistics . This book really does n't do that . Furthermore , it kinda reads like a bunch of professors waxing nostalgiac about listening to the Rezillos and buying bondage pants . I 'd have been better served re-reading the liner notes to Crass 's `` Best Before . '' This book might be a good resource if you 're writing a paper on punk , but its not much use for someone with a general interest , and it does n't touch much at all on social or political issues , which to me seem crucial to UK punk . But do check out that Sabin essay !
 This book unfortunately amounts to what happens when career academics apply themselves to the task of analyzing what was fundamentally a street-level movement . It 's Dullsville , man , unless you happen to be an aspiring career academic in your own right -- and even then .
 It is what most astute and unbiased analysts of the Caucasus have come to expect from Cornell , pro-Azeri ` facts ' and half-truths given to him by his financiers in Baku . This is worth reading only to contrast it with the works of serious scholars like de Waal .
 Svante E. Cornell is an editor at the Central Asia & Caucasus Institute at SAIS , Washington , DC . His most recent book is pointed at a difficult goal of telling about all ethnic disputes in the Caucasus in one thick volume
 I found it very hard to get into this book and consequently I hav n't managed to finish it . Usually I can keep pushing through books but not this one . Its boring and dull has no life the characters are dull . If those of you who have managed to get through this book and have enjoyed it , good for you and well done
 I wonder why people love this book so much . I found it too silly and dull even for chick-lit standards . Witty dialogue is just stupid , characters are sterotypes or underdeveloped or uninteresting and the book is way too long . It needs serious editing - the art of everyday detail should be left to more skilled writers .
 I liked the over covering theme of love between the sisters.It seemed unclear as to what really happened to Marion in the end.I would recommend it to someone who loves Edwardian classic literature
 This novel is essentially a very long episode of ` Law & Order
 Chua is a Professor at Yale Law School . In Part 1 she describes globalisation 's economic impact , in Part 2 its political consequences , and in Part 3 she warns that the USA should not export laissez-faire capitalism or overnight democracy . She claims that the three most powerful forces in the world are markets , democracy and ethnic hatred.She reminds us that the theory was that free-market democracy would change the world , making it peaceful and prosperous . She points out that in many places markets have concentrated huge wealth into the hands of ethnic minorities - the Chinese in South-East Asia , Jews in Russia , whites in South Africa and Latin America , Israel in the Middle East and the USA in the world . She says that markets and democracy benefit different ` groups ' , so that ` free market democracy ' is an unstable , toxic combination.Global integration and market policies have raised average incomes - but only by making the extremely rich even richer . In a population of 100,000 , if the richest thousand people each get a million pounds more , and the other 99,000 lose 10,000 each , total incomes will rise by 10,000,000 and the average by 100 . Her opposition to democracy becomes clearer as she goes on . She smears nationalisation as racist ` ethnically targeted confiscation ' . She calls the Vietnamese government Hitlerian for confiscating the property of Chinese entrepreneurs in South Vietnam , yet admits that it did the same to ` their Vietnamese counterparts ' . She claims that nationalisation ` damaged the economic growth of Asia , Africa and Latin America ' and is just an ` expression ... of popular frustration and vengeance ' . She smears as autocratic and racist Hugo Chavez , ` whose nationalisation and other anti-market policies seem to Westerners utterly irrational ' . She concludes , `` It is dangerous to see democracy as a panacea '' , but she never warns against seeing markets as a panacea . She urges , `` the best hope for democratic capitalism in the non-Western world lies with market-dominant minorities . '' So for democracy 's sake , she backs minorities against majorities . She warns of a backlash ` against democracy by forces favourable to the market-dominant minority ' - she appears to be part of this backlash .
 Wether you agree with Amy or not is not the point of this book . The quality of its scholarship is however
 I was impressed with Ms. Chua from her C-SPAN booknotes interview and that caused me to buy the book.I am retired from the US Foreign Service and have lived/worked/visited over seventy countries and am very familar with various market dominate minorities that Ms. Chua described , including having lived in Manila as did her aunt who was murdered about the time we lived in Manila.Sadly , from my experience I found far too many factual errors in the book -LRB- some of which I shared with Ms. Chua by E-mail -RRB- . While most of the factual errors were not significant to the message of the book , their large volume caused me to doubt everything else presented that I did not know myself to be true.Also , my sense was that the `` research '' of Ms. Chua was largely a number of vacations and other short trips to several third world countries where she collected impressions , rather than any serious attempt at actually researching the subject.Additionally , I sensed a large measure of `` white guilt '' -LRB- I guess a Chinese American who spent her entire life in and around American universities can suffer white guilt regardless of her skin color -RRB- in her writings that got in the way of her message.I believe that this is an important subject and in most Third World countries there is some minority that runs most of the free market and produces most of the wealth , be it Indians , Chinese , Jews , whites , Hindu Tamils , or Lebanonese . And when those without wealth chose to liberate the wealth of those producing it and/or `` encourage '' them to leave , far too often the result is a collapse of their economy as have happened in Uganda , Angola , Mozambique , Spain -LRB- after 1492 AD -RRB- , and Zimbabwe .
 Amy Chua may be right that democracy and the market are n't the panacea for the world 's ills and that they may make things worse in certain situations . Unfortunately she relies on too much emotion and opinion to justify her theory . The book is littered with references to her own family , friends , former colleagues , people she has met at dinner parties and students - quaint , but in legal terms `` hearsay '' . What the book needs , and fails to deliver , is hard economic data on the countries she is referring to and some concise statistics that show how these nations have evolved ethnically . In the end , there is far too little in the way of hard statistical evidence to demonstrate that what she is saying is true and when figures now and then do appear they do n't get us any further . Chua 's emotive style of writing also grates away at the reader . Just one example , of which there are many on every page
 First of all , i would like to recognize the fact that i was influenced to buy this book because of its thought-provoking title , which i thought it would offer serious and objective analysis about globalization . However the book ended up not being too different from that of Noreena Hertz `` The Silent Takeover . '' or the more-critical `` Globalization and its discontents '' by Joseph Stiglitz . Amy assures in her books that corporate globalization is threatening democracy in the third world , a factor that is true , but she suggest that said crisis is due to the fact that natives of those lands are not prepared for such benevolence as free markets . She exemplifies the cases of Peru 's Toledo and Venezuela 's Chavez as an argument for populist ethnicity being a threat to democracy . She failed to explain that Toledo is probably one of the leading neoliberal head of states in latin America , and that in fact many of his policies have been strongly objected by the indians majority , which represent most of the poor in Peru . As in Chavez case , the venezuelan have come out as an alternative for destructive neoliberal policies during the 90 's which had started a period of handing over state-owned companies to transnational corporations.The book , if taken a closer look , it shows no more than apologetics that people in the IMF or the World Bank would come up with once their policies have shown discrepancies and failures , like the argentinean case for example , so Amy , like these people , would want us to believe that there is nothing wrong with corporate globalization , but instead , the blame for its failure is shifted toward the people that is forcefully subjected to said policies mainly through austerity plans and recommendations for so-called economic recovery.The positive outcome that could be sensed on these kind of books is that their authors at least recognized the fact that corporate globalization is one of the reasons of world 's crises nowadays , although they point fingers at the wrong people , failing to explain the neocolonial agenda that is kept within the efforts of multinational corporations to expropriate other countries ' riches through `` agreements '' and `` austerity plans ''
 `` World on fire '' was a 1960s catch phrase of the notorious Weather Underground terrorists whose vicious bombings murdered innocent Americans . Whether Chua is a fan of the Weather Underground she does not say , but `` World on Fire '' offers the same misguided and factually inaccurate view of violence . `` World on Fire '' is better entitled `` Pants on Fire '' . Her anecdotal contention that her Chinoy grandmother 's horrible murder is due somehow to the spread of democracy and global free trade at best lacks insight and historical perspective and at worst is racist . The Chinoy -LRB- Chinese Filipinos -RRB- have mistreated and abused indigenous Filipinos for centuries and occasionally some Filipinos have responded to the racism and abuse with violence . The same has been true of Chinese in Indonesian , Indians in East Africa , and Jews many places , long before the U.S. became a global power and long before the recent globalization of democracy and trade began . It is therefore totally specious for Chua to say '' ... free market democracy breeds ethnic hatred and global instability '' . The exact opposite is true . The most democratic free markets among developing countries have the least ethnic violence and the greatest stability . The ethnic hatred cited in this book is due to the racist treatment of indigenous peoples flamed by indigenous politicians who allow , even encourage , racial violence to hide their failure to implement precisely the free market democracy Chua blames . This book aids , abets , and excuses the ethnic racism of dictators , terrorists , and oppressive failed states everywhere , and surely puts a smile on the faces of the Weather Underground .
 I can die now because I have seen it all . This book argues that democracy is bad because it attacks the few wealthy elites in a country that fritter away 70 to 90 % of the country 's wealth while their fellow citizens starve and suffer.This book could have been written by Marie Antoinette complaining that she could n't hear the dance music because of the angry mobs outside the palace.Why does Ms. Chua think that her elite dominated societies are at all ethical or deserve to survive ? Does she know a non-violent way to get rich people to give up their money . Most I know would fight to the death to protect it . That 's why they call them revolutions . They are not always pretty.And this wealth that was created by these insiders , does she really believe these wealthy competed in a fair and open market economy , or rather , like in the Philippines and Indonesia , those closest to the dictator benefitted from monopolistic policies . As we have seen in America , democracy does not guarantee that the rich and powerful do n't garner an unfair economic advantage from the government , but I believe that the solution to that problem is more , not less , democracy through substantive campaign finance reform and greater use of term limits and direct referendums on important issues.If an economic system is so unjust in how it distributes wealth that it can not survive a majority democratic vote than it is good policy to tear it down and replace it .
 Amy Chua collected facts but not once does she show a cause and effect to anything . Every case of ethnic hatred in her book assigned to globalization existed before it and sadly will exist after globalization is over . On the other hand like the rest of the modern alliance of the right and left for anti-Semitism she spreads it tick and with no shame . She maybe excused of her misinformation or avoidance of the truth because of ignorance , But then she needs to educate herself on subjects she is far from being an authority on .
 In the C-SPAN interview there was hardly a hint of ideology . This woman is a law professor at Yale and she uttered hardly a word on philosophy or law . Her interview was confined to the emotions of the majority populace and how they reacted to `` conspicuous consumption '' by the minority , if I may drag out a phrase from the economic past . It was only in the last few minutes of the interview that she revealed her views . American Capitalism benefited the world . She was for the advance of free markets throughout the world but not of the `` bare knuckled '' -LRB- her phrase -RRB- kind . We did n't have it and we should n't foist it on others . Unfortunately , I was not able to get much more from the interview as to where she was going with this . She apparently thinks only semi-free markets should be expanded . She does n't mention the widespread ideas of Marx that poison the mind to Capitalism . She does n't understand that Americans do n't buy Marxism for the most part and are not envious of the rich , they want to be the rich and think they can , which is true . I would say , `` Read Atlas Shrugged instead . ''
 I saw her on CSPAN and she said that her theory of ` market dominant minorities ' does n't apply the western world -- that the majority in the west i.e. whites , should not be dominant , yet elsewhere in the world the dominant group should be.She sounds like another anti-white intellectual . It 's not the west fault most of the world is backwards and stupid -- that 's how it was when westerners found those places.The world has been fighting for thousands of years -- long before capitalism and democracy . That is the big hole in her thesis.The main cause is corrrupt government -LRB- or leaders -RRB- and superstitous or wacky religous belief amongst it 's citizens .
 With many examples of ethnic conflicts all over the world , Amy Chua shows that the combined pursuit of free markets and democratization in countries with market-dominant minorities aggravates ethnic hatred and can catalyze ethnic conflicts with genocidal violence and the subversion of markets and democracies themselves.However , her solutions for those problems are wishful thinking and , in fine , a plea pro domo . Also , she did n't delve deep enough into all the aspects of the general hatred of ` us ' . Market-dominant minoritiesThese minorities can also be -LRB- very small -RRB- oligarchies . Obvious examples are the whites in South Africa and Latin America , the Lebanese in West Africa or the Chinese in Southeast Asia . There are important links with former colonization forces . The colonial divide-and-conquer policies favored certain groups and many market-dominant minorities are the descendants of former colonizers.Free markets and privatizationFree markets , privatization and free trade do n't spread wealth evenly . Instead , they tend to concentrate more wealth in the hands of the wealthy -LRB- e.g. , in Mexico , privatization profited only to 13 families -RRB- . Democratization and backlashDemocratization can lead to ethnic nationalism and ethnic cleansing , targeting the wealth and the power of the market-dominant minorities -LRB- Ali Bhutto in Pakistan , Sukarno in Indonesia , the Hutus in Rwanda -RRB- through nationalization and confiscation . But , there can be a backlash orchestrated by those minorities -LRB- C. Taylor in Sierra Leone , Suharto in Indonesia , F. Marcos in the Philippines -RRB- leading to crony-capitalism , a corrupt arrangement between an indigenous autocrat and a market-dominant minority . ` us ` For Amy Chua , the US is considered as the market-dominant minority in the world . Therefore , the world hates ` us ' . But , the US itself is dominated by a tiny extremely wealthy oligarchy , which controls the political , economical , financial and media scene . The whole world does n't hate indiscriminately the US and its population , but the US government and its policies . Thomas Frank 's book ` What 's the matter with Kansas ? ' showed that there is a monumental chasm between the two entities -LRB- government and population -RRB- . Who is ` us ' ? Amy Chua 's solution , holy fearThe solution for the developing world 's problems is not democracy , but lays in the hands of the market-dominant minorities themselves . The author wants ` voluntary generosities ' to important national ` symbols ' !! We saw in the last part of the first decade of the 21th century what a minority is capable of
 Having read some of Chua 's other work , I expected something with more meat on it than this . World On Fire is just a loose collection of ancedotal stories that are tied together by an anti-capitalist string.File this one under
 An interesting thesis , that is very valid , except a central conclusion -LRB- as stated in the editor review -RRB- ; `` Western capitalism wisely implemented redistributive mechanisms to offset potential ethnic hostilities , a practice that has not accompanied the political and economic transitions in the developing world . `` is not accurate . It is not redistributive policies that have enabled western free market/democratic nations to thrive -LRB- redistribution was non-existant to minimal for much of the U.S. / European histories -RRB- , thus placating minorities . It is the fact that in the Western nations the thriving economic ethnic groups ARE the majority , not the minority.How to transfer this to nations where it is an ethnic minority that succeeds is unknown , but redistribution has been shown not to elevate lower classes
 `` World on fire '' was a 1960s catch phrase of the notorious Weather Underground terrorists whose vicious bombings murdered innocent Americans . Whether Chua is a fan of the Weather Underground she does not say , but `` World on Fire '' offers the same misguided and factually inaccurate view of violence . `` World on Fire '' is better entitled `` Pants on Fire '' . Her anecdotal contention that her Chinoy grandmother 's horrible murder is due somehow to the spread of democracy and global free trade at best lacks insight and historical perspective and at worst is racist . The Chinoy -LRB- Chinese Filipinos -RRB- have mistreated and abused indigenous Filipinos for centuries and occasionally some Filipinos have responded to the racism and abuse with violence . The same has been true of Chinese in Indonesian , Indians in East Africa , and Jews many places , long before the U.S. became a global power and long before the recent globalization of democracy and trade began . It is therefore totally specious for Chua to say '' ... free market democracy breeds ethnic hatred and global instability '' . The exact opposite is true . The most democratic free markets among developing countries have the least ethnic violence and the greatest stability . The ethnic hatred cited in this book is due to the racist treatment of indigenous peoples flamed by indigenous politicians who allow , even encourage , racial violence to hide their failure to implement precisely the free market democracy Chua blames . This book aids , abets , and excuses the ethnic racism of dictators , terrorists , and oppressive failed states everywhere , and surely puts a smile on the faces of the Weather Underground .
 I have just seen Amy Chua on Booknotes tonight -LRB- C-SPAN -RRB- and I do n't know if I should feel amused or disappointed . Her premise that rapid democratization in under-developed countries leads inevitably to social strife and violence , because the poor seize the opportunity to get back at the rich , is ridiculously infantile . There is a vast body of research that pretty much proves that democracy as such , has nothing to do with the violence . Under any system , one might expect tremendous income inequalities to causes social instability . The poor , with few alternatives , might be expected to rely on violence to equalize wealth . And conversely , the rich might be expected to rely on violence to retain their place . This has been the case since the beginning of time . Look at the French revolution , the Bolshevik revolution , look at the numerous rebellions against the English crown -LRB- by the Scots , Irish etc -RRB- . The simple fact is that democracy or no democracy , wide inequalities and prolonged monopoly of wealth within a tiny percentage of the population , would always result in bloodshed . To lump together Russia , Zimbabwe , Rwanda and the Philippines is to demonstrate a careless understanding of the particularities of the socio-political conditions of these diverse places . The reason the White minority in Zimbabwe is resented by the Black majority has nothing to do with the fact that the Whites tend to be affluent and the Blacks less so . It has everything to do with history . It just happens that when the British came to town more than 100 years ago , they slaughtered hundreds of thousand of people , took their land , put the survivors into reservations on less fertile land etc. . Gee , no wonder Black Zimbabweans might be a little resentful . In fact , when Black Zimbabwean took up arms to combat the Whites in what was then Rhodesia , economics have very little to do with it . It was about liberation and self-determination . To compare Zimbabwe and Malaysia is purely farcical . I am sorry , but I find most of the author arguments lacking in scientific rigor .
 She brought up so much issue regarding how high and mighty her Chinese race is and how little other people are . I do n't know why she still writes books or why people buy her books in the first place .
 World on Fire scores well as a piece of helpful shock therapy . For anyone assuming American policy toward the developing world is inevitably benign , Amy Chua gives them plenty to think about . She rightly draws attention to the downside of simply trying to export western economic and political systems to the rest of the world . In her summing up she makes the especially valid distinction between attempts to nurture democracy from the bottom up , and the mere mass-installation of ballot boxes at national elections to please western observers . Much of what the author writes appears to be informed and relevant , not least her sections on the societies of Latin America and their complex determination and consciousness of ethnicity . She clearly understands a lot about South-East Asia and its rich minorities , as one might expect of a Filipino of Chinese descent.The text darts around from place to place and from one issue to another , its central purpose to present a global theory , applicable across the world . It is an over-ambitious project . Some of the generalisations are sweeping . Not the least of these is the author 's sub-title ` How exporting free-market democracy breeds ethnic hatred and global instability ' . Really ? Chua 's theory is that whilst western business underpins and further promotes the wealth of ` market-dominant minorities ' such as the Chinese in Malaysia , dark-skinned ` whites ' in Latin America , Lebanese in West Africa etc. , the western encouragement of democracy empowers the majority in those countries and leads to increased hatred and tensions between the two sides.The author is long on examples , many of which , in fairness , are interesting to the reader . And indeed her knowledge of conditions on the ground in many different parts of the world appears considerable . However one can easily think of important places she says little about , such as India , a country of many different market-dominant minorities . Yet the inter-racial strife in India , certainly that in Kashmir , would seem not to fit into the convenient pattern which Chua lays down.Most importantly of all , as political science the book is weak on theory and modus as to how the central process of breeding economic hatred between ethnicities progresses out of the combined effects of free-market economics and democracy . Indeed the book lacks a continuing thread of argument . Chua fluctuates between criticism of America and venting her spleen at the world 's circumstances , with particular reference to ` conspicuous consumption ' or the flaunting of ethnic pride on the part of rich minorities , against whom the book is a diatribe . Near the end she complains bitterly , when discussing the South-East Asian Chinese , and asks ` What is to be done about ethnic minorities who ` do n't mix ' with the indigenous majorities around them ? ' . The question may express a lot of personal pent-up frustration that Chua and/or her parents have experienced in making the transition from membership of that Chinese minority to becoming fully assimilated into western society . It also perhaps fails to recognise the acute cultural and religious differences prevailing among south-east Asian peoples.What would be most helpful of all would be if Amy Chua could take just one example , of one of the regions she mentions , and apply her theory to it in more detail . That might help crystallise her very interesting ideas and bring much needed focus to her argument .
 `` World on fire '' argues that globalization has made matters worse , not better , in most Third World nations . The spread of laissez faire capitalism has made `` market-dominant minorities '' even more powerful than before . The introduction of democracy has given the dispossessed `` indigenous majorities '' a chance to attack the market-dominant minorities . More capitalism and more democracy , introduced simultaneously , therefore mean more instability and ethnic strife.True , as far as it goes . But what does it all mean ? And what should be done about it ? It eventually turns out that the author , so seemingly critical of globalization , actually supports it . Her real problem turns out to be ... democracy.Amy Chua denies -LRB- ! -RRB- that the conflicts between `` maket-dominant minorities '' and `` indigenous majorities '' are about class . She thinks it 's a matter of ethnicity . I do n't deny that classes are often ethnically based . But just as often , they are * not * ethnically based . Still , they are classes . From this , I draw the conclusion that `` class '' or `` socio-economic status group '' is a more fundamental phenomenon than ethnicity . The author believes the opposite , which simply is n't convincing.But even as an analysis of ethnic strife , the book oversimplifies . Many of the market-dominant minorities mentioned in the book existed long before globalization . The Whites have long been `` market dominant '' in South Africa , Namibia and Zimbabwe . The Tutsis in Rwanda and Burundi were dominant even before the advent of European colonialists . Strictly speaking , the Tutsis are n't a * market * dominant minority , but a landed aristocracy . The author points out somewhere that most shops in Rwanda 's capital Kigali were owned by East Indians . Nor were the Tutsis actually in power in 1994 , when the Rwandan genocide took place . It 's also difficult to see in what way the Tutsis have been benefited by globalization . Further , in what sense were the Croats a market-dominant minority in Yugoslavia ? The Croats did n't control the Serbian economy . Indeed , the federal army and apparatus were probably dominated by Serbs ! Nor do Israelis control the economies of the Arab states.In Latin America , Chua herself admits that the conflicts were , for an extended period , couched in terms of class rather than ethnicity . However , she never draws the obvious conclusion
 Amy Chua 's book rips the cover off a well-kept secret . In many Third World countries , market dominant ethnic minorities control the economy and abuse the poor majority . This is an explosive issue and I appreciate Ms. Chua for raising it.That being said , World on Fire is a deeply flawed book that is woefully incomplete . For starters , once Ms. Chua she makes her point , she repeats herself to the point of nausea.Ms . Chua raises issues that are very important , but her solutions would make things worse . Ethnic violence is exploding in every part of the world . Nevertheless , one comes away from Ms. Chua 's book with the strong sense that she wants us to turn back the clock on democracy and free markets.I had hopped that World on Fire would include a thoughtful discussion of possible solutions . Unfortunately , Ms. Chua 's 340 page long book devotes only 20 pages trying to solve the problems that she discusses.Ms . Chua 's best `` solution '' to ethnic violence is for market dominant ethnic minorities to give more money to charities that serve the people they oppress!Ms . Chua 's hypothesis is that competitive markets and democracy are bad models for most of the world . Ms. Chua thinks the world would be better and less violent if we were to stop the spread of democracy and free trade . That way we could protect market dominant ethnic minorities from their poor brethren for the next two or three generations while the `` natives '' learn to become more civilized . This is the same argument that racist segregationists used during America 's Civil Rights Movement.Shame on you , Amy Chua!It is doubly ironic that the daughter of Chinese Filipino abusers of Filipino natives completely ignores the most significant change in global competition . The astounding growth of the economy of the People 's Republic of China Chinese economy is changing the world economic order . Nevertheless , Ms. Chua , like other anti-globalization zealots , still looks at the world as though Europe and America were still in control.China 's effort to turn 700 million subsistence farmers into factory workers is something we can not afford to ignore . Yet Ms. Chua completely misses this issue because she does n't have a clue about business or international trade . If she did , she might have recommended the elimination of Europe 's Common Agricultural Policy and America 's farm subsidy system . That one act would generate more jobs for the poor in Third World countries than all of the foreign aid combined.I have spent the past three decades helping the poor in the United States and 27 countries improve the quality of their lives . The poor think the anti-globalization people are dead wrong . The poor do not want a continuation of the pre-globalization model that consigned them to permanent poverty . They are glad that they finally have a chance to work at jobs that pay them in cash instead of corn . What they want is true `` free trade '' so they can finally earn their way to a better life.While Ms. Chua clearly understands the dynamics of race and power in Southeast Asia , her book falters when she leaves SE Asia . Ms. Chua hired law students to do goggle searches on parts of the world that she does n't understand . Goggle searches ca n't , however , substitute for first-hand knowledge.For example , her discussion about Indians in East Africa is offensively misleading . It completely ignores the long history of arrogant , offensive , racist and hostile antiblack behavior by far too many East African Indians . You ca n't discuss the explosion of anti-Indian ethnic rioting in East Africa without talking about the role of some Indians in fanning the flames of racial hatred.Amy Chua also does n't understand the role of the British played in creating a three-class system in East Africa and other parts of their empire . In Africa , Blacks were limited to subsistence farming and chattel labor . The British gave Indians control of the distribution and commerce sectors . Whites kept control of international trade , banking , the government and the military . This divide-and-conquer pattern repeated itself around the world . To undo it will take hard work , but Amy Chua does n't address this at all.By the time I finished Amy 's book , I was frustrated and deeply disappointed at how she had squandered such a powerful beginning . But then , that is why it pays to read book reviews.If you do decide to read her book , stop after the first 100-pages . You wo n't miss a thing .
 Chua 's new book is an excellent overview of just how common it is for a country to be economically dominated by a minority group . She takes us into the workings of many countries , providing numbers , how the races interact , and surprisingly she has provided a substantial amount of data that supports alternative theories from her own.For one , it supports Richard Lynn and Tatu Vanhanen 's observations that it is the level of average intelligence that determines what groups will prosper and which ones will be subordinated.For instance , Chua goes on to explain how the East Asian Chinese think Filipinos are lazy , unintelligent , and really do n't want to work . Then she says that they are also suffering extreme poverty , indignity , and hopelessness . So why are such a desperate people also so lazy ? She never gets beyond these simplistic explanations and she is unable to accept that the East Asian Chinese have an average IQ of about 105 versus an average IQ among South Asians of about 90 . Once intelligence and ethnocentrism are taken into account , World on Fire starts making sense.To understand the true causes of ethnic conflict in this book only two primary concepts need to be kept in mind that Chua fails to consider
 This is nothing more than belly-aching about how globalization caused the death of Chua 's grandmother . This is a poorly organized work that attempts to claim that ethnic violence in Asia is a recent creation of American style capitalism . Perhaps Chua forgot many thousands of years of ethnic violence in Asia -LRB- and elsewhere -RRB- that arose before the advent of globalization . For Chua globalization is the cause for this violence , but in my book globalization is simply an excuse .
 This book is silly . Just plain silly . It 's like it was written by a 17-year-old . It 's the kind of book that makes me sorry that I 'm the kind of person who insists on finishing every book I start , since Chua has wasted irretrievable hours of my life.I read a great number of books about politics and current events and , while there is a great deal of mediocrity out there , this book is in a class of its own . It 's just silly.Chua siezes on a paradigm and then bends everything to fit it , despite her protests that she is carefully avoiding such reductionism.The book could have been boiled down to a monograph of about 10 pages ; for what we have here , really , is just another Washington Post essay -- and not a very insightful one.For a much better treatment of the same ideas -LRB- er , same IDEA , that is , her Ahabian fetish with `` market-dominant minorities '' -RRB- , I would instead recommend Niall Ferguson 's `` Colossus , '' which covers all of the same territory , although in a much more substantial and well-researched fashion .
 What is so interesting about the base assumption underlying Amy Chua 's entire approach here is how fundamentally it undercuts the base assumption underlying her parenting beliefs and approach -LRB- `` Tiger Mom '' and all that -RRB- ! That is , the base premise that fired her treatment of her children - on the surface -LRB- only -RRB- cruel and uncaring - was her belief in her children 's ability and strength
 Early L'Amour that focused more on getting to the end of the story then telling it . The story was disjointed . More a series of short vignettes encased in a longish short story format . Not really a novel at all .
 I was unable to read this book because it is writen in Spanish , which I don , t read . Amazon does a poor job of letting the customer know when a book is not written in English .
 While the subject matter makes it painfully easy to make nautical puns ... I will simply say that I could not force myself to finish . Was it the bad writing , the unsympathetic narrator , the terrible pacing?Yes - and much , much more . This would be an amusing magazine or newspaper article ...
 So what ? Who cares ? That was the basic impression I was left with after reading about two thirds of this sophomoric , self-congratulatory ego fest . I could not finish the book . The combination of his cliche-ridden style , his bursts of self-promotion , and his unchecked rants against his `` friend '' Garth was more than I could stomach . Any emotional capital he may have earned -LRB- his sister 's death , the all-nighters to finish the boat -RRB- was just squandered . This would have made a great magazine article , but it makes a terrible book .
 The opening chapter seemed to give promise , because Breslin understandably wrote of how the Catholic Church 's current emphases seem to focus on nothing but abortion and same-sex marriages , and he seemed to be describing a spiritual and emotional wasteland . However , after awhile , the constant expression of rage , as if there were nothing to the church except paedophiles and that this somehow was connected with wealth , became tiresome and grating.Breslin 's premise -LRB- see page 133 -RRB- , that some ` American church ' where Mass is celebrated at kitchen tables , could fulfil people 's needs were it not for the ties to Rome , left me completely puzzled . One with his many years in journalism has no excuse for a tirade with no substantial premise , in the sense that some US version of Christianity would solve the ills.His treatment of the cases involving paedophilia is indeed gripping and vivid , and strikes the reader with horror . Yet he seems to allow no virtue whatever to the ` Roman church ' he so abhors , and it is quite beyond me how paedophilia would no longer be a concern were Rome out of the picture . The entire treatment smacked of an overgrown ` American superiority ' that gradually became truly exasperating.Breslin seemed to allow the church no redeeming qualities whatever . The only people he mentions are those guilty of either paedophilia or covering it up - and , appalling though this is , it is anything but a balanced image.Often , the sentence structure , choice of language , and so forth gave the impression of one who is so ranting that he become unintelligible . Breslin completely lost me in the sections where he connected sexual crimes in his US church with Irish cardinals of another century , presented a chapter on racism that was so illogically formed that his points were unfathomable , and kept harping on anti-Semitism -LRB- the more directed , somehow , against Jewish film producers who turned out a rash of films featuring Catholic priests . -RRB- With Breslin 's thesis , as was starkly set forth when he spoke of how Confession is impossible when one knows that the priest either is a paedophile or shelters those who are , being that the church is wicked for being Roman and that this quality leads to sexual assaults , the connection with supposed hatred of Jews and racism was totally puzzling.I doubt this book would even have been published had it not been a current ` hot topic . '
 I picked this book up hoping to find a well-argued criticism of the Catholic Church and its hierarchy -LRB- with which I would completely sympathise -RRB- . However , it was an almost-unreadable stream-of consciousness rant with nothing to say about the causes of the crisis , no coherent story , and lots of ethnic hate-mongering . First and last thing I will ever read by this author . This garbage might sell newspapers , but it was a sad excuse for a book
 I am a principal in the Diocese of Brooklyn . I have had the honor and pleasure of working with Barbara Samide when she was my principal . To have her career abruptly cut short because of a person such as John Thompson was a gross injustice to her , her family , and the students in her school.For a prize-winning journalist such as Jimmy Breslin , however , I was quite surprised to find a number of inaccuracies in the chapter about the Burke family ; a quality journalist should do his research more thoroughly and check his facts before having a book published . Also -- was it really necessary to print the details of John Thompson 's sexual assault ?? Was the lure of selling books more important than protecting a woman 's dignity and privacy ?
 I noted the other day that Mr. Breslin has just retired , and , as I read this book -LRB- or tried -RRB- , I wondered , and I 'm dead serious about this , if he 's contracted Alzheimer 's . Ill or not , he certainly does n't have an editor ; he ca n't have . There were at least three sentences per page that were simply indecipherable , this after repeated readings . It was similarly impossible to tell , in his description of events , when they occurred and , in some case , in what country ! Whole chapters seemed pointless non sequiturs . The reading experience for me was so puzzling that I picked up another book to see if I would be similarly confused ; perhaps I was the one with Alzheimer 's . But I guess when you 've won a Pulitzer you can get away with anything .
 God knows that many prelates in the Catholic Church deserve the beating Breslin is determined to give them . But he has things absolutely upside down when it comes to the cause of the sexual abuse crisis.The truth is that the presence of pedophiles in the clergy is the result of liberalization under public pressure . The Vatican has been telling the American Church since the 1960s not to ordain homosexuals . If American bishops had paid attention , there would n't have been a problem . It 's no accident that probably the worst of the offending priests was a popular and `` hip '' street priest in Boston.The institutional response as well is an American one -- businessmen covering up a scandal . The exact same thing has happened in -LRB- among other places -RRB- the Episcopal Church and numerous public school systems . Breslin is right that bishops should not be conscienceless businessmen -- but often they are.If you think Breslin is right on target about the wickedness and venality of the Catholic Church -- and especially about its worldliness and materialism -- you need only consider the examples of Mother Teresa and Dorothy Day , both of whom were radically orthodox Catholics , far more so , alas , than most American bishops.If Breslin got his way and instituted a kitchen church , clerical sex abuse would increase , not decrease.Still , the critique of the bishops is to some degree valid and needs to be heard .
 This book is filled with errors -- dates , spelling , grammar , names , etc. . How can a Pulitizer Prize winning author attach his name to such poor writing ? Breslin had such an important topic to write about . He let the victims down in his attempt to bring down the Church .
 This book is based solely on conjecture and unsubstantiated allegations of the supposed victims . Mr. Breslin gives a completely biased view of the truth and turns hearsay into rock hard facts . He does n't care to know that there are two sides to every story , or simply wishes to ignore facts that would uncover the truth.As a native of an area referenced in the book , I can tell you that some of his geographic locations and certain assumptions are wrong , which makes you question his research and scholarship.Just remember that if you buy this book you are getting a weakly researched distorted view of the truth .
 It 's one thing to be `` mad '' along with Breslin and many of us others , but it 's quite another to be `` mad '' and have a grasp of the whole subject.If you 're looking for an experiential , critical examination of this crisis , but one with a deeply thorough understanding of the Faith , - scripture , theology , history , look no further than `` The Courage to be Catholic '' by George Weigel - also available on Amazon.comUnfortunately , there 's too much theological confusion among lay Catholics these days without adding another emotionally muddy tome . I would have expected better of Mr. Breslin.I recieved a promotional email from Amazon.com about this book , - but it 's the farthest thing from a thorough approach to the Church I 've seen in a while .
 This book is one long run on sentence . It jumps from one idea to the next with out finishing much . Facts are wrong , places are wrong , if he ca n't get those correct , how likely is it that the rest of the facts got checked . A waste of money .
 Breslin 's pain and anger over the sex scandals is certainly understandable -LRB- many Catholics , including many wonderful and holy priests , are still suffering -RRB- , but this book is little more than a self-righteous diatribe . Breslin is getting great kudos among his Church-bashing journalist friends for being so morally `` outraged , '' but let he who is without sin throw the first stone.Is journalist Breslin really morally pure enough to condemn the entire Church for the sins of a few and set himself up in the Holy Spirit 's place as our advocate and guide ? Or is this book just Jimmy 's self-righteous ego screaming in the hopes of making some money?Yes , it was horrible . But to suggest that -LRB- ... -RRB- is somehow an inherent part of Church policy , as Breslin does , is even more abhorrent . The percentage of priests actually involved in the scandals was small -- 4 % of all priests and clerics were accused -- and the causes of the scandals were far more complex than Breslin suggests . For example , 81 % of the alleged abuse was -LRB- ... -RRB- . For the deeper and more complete story , see the full U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops ' report or George Weigel 's `` The Courage to Be Catholic . `` In the meantime , any Christian tempted to hate the elderly Breslin for writing this book might want to pray for his repentance . He 's plainly a misled , angry man .
 How anyone of right mind could rate this book five stars ! Jimmy Breslin is an angry , vindictive , and devisive has-been in literature . Sure many reviewers on Amazon jump on the bandwagon , going so far as accusing Bishop Murphy of Rockville Centre of being the antichrist , but have you ever read a word the man has written that is not in that literary rag Newsday ? Sure we have a right to be disappointed in our church and it 's leaders , but when will the fury end ? If you can not let go of the anger , and you want to live in the world of perpetual hate , buy this book.There are lots of options for places to worship God , if you are really that miserable under the leadership that exists , please , for the sake of we who stay , please leave , and take your anger with you !
 St Francis de Sales , a very insightful & deeply spiritual writer , lived in a time of numerous scandals in the Catholic Church , somewhat similar to those of recent years . He equated , famously , the committing of such acts by priests to `` spiritual murder '' but also said that those , as Breslin has done , who would allow the scandal to drive them from the Church Christ founded on earth were committing `` spiritual suicide '' . Jesus said it Himself
 Terribly disappointed in one of my top 5 authors -LRB- Thornton , Hunter , Balogh , Kleypas , Feather -RRB- ! This is NOT on par , or close to it , with the `` Bride 's Bodyguard '' , `` The Pefect Princess '' , et al!The hero was a totally MINOR character in a previous book . The heroine did not engender any interest from me in any way . Will Elizabeth Thornton recover from her attack of megrims ? I hope so !
 This novel was all over the place and in sorely need of editing . Some nice interepersonal twists but jeez , having to wade through so many irrelevant scenes and story lines ... I skipped much of it . This was my first experience with this author and , frankly , I 'm surprised about the raves from Linda Howard and Mary Balogh , two ladies that really know how to keep a story moving . This book needs major surgery - there is a story here , but getting to it is * work * .
 This is the typical book created by putting together technical papers , proceedings , and working papers without a unifying structure.This is a short list of this book 's limitations :1 -RRB- Fragmented
 This slim book tries valiantly to summarize the entire range of space launch and in-space propulsion concepts , but does a questionable job of it.The book has the usual problems of a very compressed summary -- some concepts , and many specific technologies and projects , are left out entirely , and there 's no room to do more than briefly describe most of the concepts that are included . The level is variable
 Wow . $ 50 for this little beauty.The first chapter is a nice , but very brief -LRB- and consequently spotty -RRB- , review of the history of rocketry , followed by a pretty good discussion of the physics or rocket flight . Gives the impression that this is going to be a pretty advanced text.The next three chapters are so flawed as to be almost indigestible , featuring numerous erroneous statements and figures , as well as references to popular fiction as examples of technological innovation . The author displays a poor understanding of the current state of chemical propulsion and rocket technology.The fifth and sixth chapters concern electric and micro-propulsion , and are handled rather well.Chapter seven is a look at propellantless propulsion , not so much `` advanced '' as `` speculative . `` Chapter eight concerns `` Breakthrough Propulsion . '' I was particularly intrigued -LRB- flabbergasted -RRB- by the implication that if we just wait a few years , limitations placed on space travel -LRB- mass and speed -RRB- by the Theory of Relativity will probably vanish.Three short chapters of reasonably good content . Five short chapters of questionable merit . A pretty nice Further Reading section . $ 50 . Wow .
 such a small book for such a big price , if you at all interested in spacecraft propulsion you are sure know all but the equations in this book , it is informative , but only if you are completely ignorant of how spacecraft move through space , i like this book , but its too pricey for what you get .
 I thought the title was misleading by including `` parents . '' While I suppose any concept about teaching and motivating students in general can be applied by parents who want to inspire and motivate their children , I do not think this book is useful for parents . Most , if not all , of the anecdotes pertain to his classroom experiences , and his points are general in scope -LRB- as others have asserted -RRB- , so it leaves parents , or at least this one , scratching their heads as to how to actually apply his ideas.I think there are definitely books out there more specifically geared for parents . And I also think the author and publisher should delete `` parents '' from the title if they cared at all about being accurate . I 'm not holding my breath , though .
 I always find it interesting for someone to spend a few years -LRB- less than 5 -RRB- as a teacher , then decide to become a motivational speaker for teachers . The author used techniques with one or two classes , and decided that , since it worked for him , it will work for everyone . His ideas would hold more water if he had tried them with multiple classes -LRB- like Rafe Esquith , who has taught for over 20 years -RRB- . This seems more like an advertisement for how great Ron Clark is than how you can be a better teacher .
 Disney definitely is getting their money 's worth out of this guy . They give him a teaching award , and then their publishing arm , Hyperion , gets him to crank out these books of platitudes , making what I 'm sure is a pile of cheddar for both Mickey and Ron . It seems to me though , that there is some question as to whether or not Ron has any claim on still being a teacher or `` educator '' . A quick glance at his web site has him scheduled for speaking engagements into October ' 05 , well past the start of the new school year . Speaking before docile groups of teachers at an inservice is hardly the same as facing a classroom full of rowdy adolescents . There is also a claim on his web site that he is starting a school for diadvantaged kids and that he is `` arranging funding '' , yet their is no fund raising appeal on the site or any details as to where the school might be , grade levels , etc. . With many urban school systems allowing charter schools , and with his reputation , I 'm sure that he could have had such a school funded and running for this school year . Of course to run a school , he would have to deal with students again , and they would n't be handing him cash , like you , if you buy this book .
 This book is awful because it implies that students will not learn as well if the teacher is not enthusiastic . That attitude also has a discriminatory effect on teachers and anyone who is depressed , for example employers will avoid depressed persons who buy into this book.Although it does make some good points , they are common sense things , not something you need to pay for to learn unless you grew up in the desert.This book promotes a typical fallacy
 `` Orthodox , humanist notions of the literary confession , and its assumed relationship to truth authority and subjectivity are challenged , in their place a range of critical perspectives and practices are adopted , utilizing the insights of contemporary critical theorists . Modern Confessional Writing develops and tests new , theoretically-informed perspectives on what confessional writing is , how it functions and what it means to both writer and reader . When read from these new perspectives modern confessional writing is liberated from the misconception it provides a kind of easy authorial release and readerly catharsis , and is instead read as a discursive , self-reflexive , sophisticated and demanding genre . `` Read this description and discern 1 -RRB- what it means 2 -RRB- whether it is grammatical or even sensical . This book 's description could serve as an example of why academic publishing has become so deeply unpopular , inept , and unprofitable .
 Heart of Darkness is an excellent story - my rating and review is of the Kindle Version presently available - for $ 35.19 ! Potential buyers should be aware that this book is available in several other versions in the Kindle store for less than $ 1 , or even free .
 If anybody wants to waste $ 75 they have the dubious pleasure of reading the collection of ` Spiked ' rantings against Dr.Wakefield and other Doctors trying to help a sub-set of autistic children with GI problems , children that the illustrious Medical Establishment , Pharmaceutical Companies and UK Government Fitzpatrick is trying to defend have so carefully avoided.He makes bold statements claiming Wakefield is totally discredited but as usual only focuses on the 1998 paper yet declines to mention or discuss the research work by Dr. Tim Buie -LRB- Harvard -RRB- , Dr. Arthur Krigsman -LRB- NY -RRB- , Dr. Elizabeth Mumper , Dr. Michael Hart and others who have completely replicated Wakefield 's research and in fact taken it much further . He also fails to mention that vaccine strain measles has been found in the GI tracts of many of this sub-set of autistic children and more recently published research by Bradstreet et al has found vaccine strain measles RNA in the cerebral spinal fluid.He also fails to mention the UK Government 's and UK Health Depts inability to actually argue basis science instead of epidimological studies . If their science is so overwhelming why not show it us , surely that would be a better use of the ink wasted to publish this book ? What I fail to understand is why people like Dr.Fitzpatrick want to stand in the way of such researchers who at best will prove a causal link and ultimately a cure , or at worste waste a lot of their own time and reputation.He portrays himself as persecuted by the anti-MMR lobby yet has unprecedented access to the media to put his negative case.He mentions politics as being irrelevent in this MMR autism case , yet I would like him to explain why his former colleague at ` Living Marxism ' is also persecuting Dr.Wakefield and others through his front page exposees at the Sunday Times . Isnt it strange how two former left wing Marxists are now so vehmently defending the Pharmaceutical Companies position , I wonder what could possibly be motivating them ??? $ $ $ In writing this review I should declare my interest , I have an autisitc son who spoke in English and French prior to his regression into severe autism and explosive diarhea after his MMR at 15 months . My son has been scoped -LRB- not by Wakefield -RRB- and the GI Doctor found LNH/colitis/IBD and vaccine strain measles . Thanks to treatment with anti-inflammatories my son 's diarhea has stopped after four years and just after his 6th birthday he started talking a little again . Treatment with these drugs is just a band-aid but they are giving my son relief to allow him to slowly recover but we need these so called ` discredited renegade Doctors ' to be allowed to continue their research if a cure is to be found.One last comment to Dr.Fitzpatrick - just because the UK Govt has its head stuck in the sand -LRB- or coffers of the Pharmaceutical companies -RRB- does not mean their position is correct . During your prolonged commentary on Govt opinion it would have been more balanced to have mentioned that the Japanese Govt withdrew MMR in 1992 because of safety concerns and recently paid compensation to more than 1,000 children damaged by MMR.Also can he explain why the Swiss Govt is currently funding some research by the ` King of Mavericks ' , Dr.Wakefield , or are we to assume Switzerland is a Maverick Country now ?
 It is clear that there are those who write books about autism to share information , and others who write books about autism with a totally different agenda . This is not a book worth reading . I could n't even finish it . It was a cure for my sister 's insomnia however ! VERY PRO VACCINES with a clear agenda . Thank God I borrowed this book , and did n't have to buy it . In a time where even our childrens on pediatricians are saying that the `` mercury issue '' of vaccines relating to autism IS PLAUSIBLE , this author `` knows '' they 're safe . Wow , this one person in the entire universe knows the answer . Give me a break ! WORHTLESS !
 I 'd rather give this book 2.5 stars , but I do n't have that option . I started off with three , but as I started to write out my criticism , I realized that three stars would be too generous.While I appreciate what the author is trying to do with this book , this may be a case of trying to cover too much ground in a condensed work . The author provides an introduction to terrorist groups , various analytic methods , and touches on gangs and religiously-motivated extremism . Unfortunately , the broad brush approach is n't properly focuses . The author makes generalizations that can be misleading while skipping over more important information.I 've been searching for other honest reviews of this book and find it hard to believe that everyone truly rates this as five stars . Perhaps I 'm not reading this book correctly , but there were many times where it seems the author contradicts himself within the same paragraph . I noticed that there is not an editor listed for this book and I believe that this may in fact be the main issue I have with the book ... someone should be pushing to reorganize all of the information laid out and ask the author to clarify his points .
 The author puts together a good work with relatively well gathered sources . However , with the changing scene of global political affairs , international terrorism and organized hate crime should be divided into 2 topics of discussion when writting about domestic security and the methods used to gather intelligence and conduct investigations . The ability to gather intelligence , and analyze critical events becomes a little more difficult when agencies lack people with adequate language skills . The intent along with patience and sophistication make foreign terrorists a much bigger security threat than organized hate crime groups . However certain sections of his text provide a great outlook at what the future holds , such as cyberterrorism and bioterrorism and the challenges facing US law enforcement . The text also does not offer enough information about the origins of certain terrorist movements , which might deplete his thesis about how US law enforcement should approach issues of national security . This lack of political history of nations and peoples is probably due to the author 's lack of experience in either federal law enforcement or any contact with personnel from the state department or any intelligence agency . As an example how much can the author expand on middle east terrorism and Al-Queda or Hamas without ever even mentioning the ideoligies of Sayyad Qutb ? Overall , the text is good but my suggestion is that when writting about the issues the author discusses , a differentiation must be made between the spread of mid east and southeast terrorists and domestic based `` american '' groups . The challenges are different , primarily due to language and thus the methods of gathering intel and analyzing it will differ somewhat . Furthermore the lack of explanation at ideologies does not enable the reader to perhaps encounter a counterideology ... and see the true face of what terrorists intend to do with the United States and to that we should refer at least slightly to the teachings of Sayyad Qubt .
 I 'm usually pretty easy to please when it comes to this type of book , but only one of the three stories -LRB- Midnight Madness -RRB- was even close to being worth the read . The women in these stories were just awful . Their petulance was so off-putting to me , I just could not like them . Talk about moody , self absorbed brats . The governor was the only character I found endearing . The stories just did n't hold up well enough considering the unlikable heroines .
 This book is hard to follow primarily due to the author 's labored writing style . Lots of DITSCAP information but no one really uses DITSCAP anymore .
 There are better descriptions of Laboratory Information Management for free in a trade magazines and white papers on any vendor site . Most of the book consists of definitions . The first chapter , titled , `` Historical Perspective , '' should be about the early development of LIMS ; surprise it is a list of historic events in the evolution of computersThe chapter on LIMS evaluations has a section that is two sentences long on the topic of Hardware/Software Configurations . It informs the reader that the vendor should inform you as to whether the software will run on your computer . Duh ! The next section on Database Management tops this in that it is a whole sentence long . I can only wonder what the first edition of this book was like , since this is the expanded version . This is more like an outline for a book that should be written , or a student term paper that was written the night before it was due.I am now totally annoyed that I have to spend by lunch hour going to the post to return this book .
 This is an index to the book that SHOULD have been written . This is a good overview , but does not provide examples , walk-throughs or details .
 Take this book to a beach or a pool and read it there while drinking your favorite concoction . Do n't expect a super story or a paramount love story but the story is not out of reality . I do n't like very much these kind of books because I think they do n't have anything to really hitch you in the plot .
 Christos , handsome , rich alpha male falls in love with Becca the minute he spots her at his cousin Alex 's wedding . Alex had seduced and left pregnant Becca 's younger sister who later miscarried and lost the baby . So Becca had her reasons for hating all Carides men . Christos also hates his cousin Alex so already he and Becca have lots in common and the book should have been a great read right ? Wrong . After the first few chapters it just goes down hill . Becca ca n't keep her hands of Christos and she gets pregnant . He more or less forces her to marry him and the woman is annoying . I like female characters in the book to have a voice and back bone but Becca turns from a smart school teacher into an argumentative ass !! And that 's putting it mildly . I did n't care for this book at all .
 This book left me with more questions than answers . The first chapter comes out with a bang and caught my attention , but did little to keep it as the book continues . It does not mention that it is a sequel to another book , but somehow I am left with the impression that I am supposed to know about what happened to Brand -LRB- one of the main characters -RRB- prior to the events of this book . His time in a mental hospital and abuses with virtual reality are mentioned vaguely , yet they seem to be important to the movement of this story . Also central to the story is haitian voodoo , yet this is not `` fleshed out '' enough to really understand . Afterwards , I looked up some of the words and `` gods '' on the internet and found that the words and names the author used as a powerful , evil entities were actually benefic . For instance , the evil character in the book says that he had called on aido wido and damballa and others too dangerous to name ... yet aido wedo is said to be is a loa of fertility , rainbows and snakes , and a companion or wife to Damballa , and damballa is noted to be the father of the loa and of humankind . Many words are thrown around to sound sinister and evil but upon further examination do n't have anything to do with such . Maybe they are impressive sounding words and the author never intended that someone would have enough interest to actually find out what she was talking about . The buildup takes almost the entirity of the book with only the last handful of pages winding up the story . I was left feeling rather cheated ... `` WHAT ??? It 's over ? This is all there is ? ''
 I can not comment on the content of the stories because the Kindle formatting is so terrible that it is impossible to say for sure what many of the words are.This is an inexplicable and inexcusable oversight in what Amazon lists as my # 1 Kindle recommendation in books for young children .
 The sound on the CD was so low , it was hard to hear even if you push the volume up to the limit
 The sound on this CD is barely audile . We need to have the volume at the highest level . We like the stories from our old 331/3 record and were very disappointed !
 I would stay away from this version of the Jungle book . I thought Boris Karloff would make a great narrator , but he does n't this time . He tends to make the storyline hard to follow , emphasizing in odd places and then raising his voice tremendously as tho he were on stage . My kids were put off by that , and they love Jungle Book . They do n't like listening to this .
 Very poor quality . There are symbols and characters in the text . Also , there are picture captions inside the text with no pictures . There are page numbers and the book title in the middle of the text . The first letter beginning each story is missing . No stars , sorry , even though I had to give them one because the computer wo n't let you do it otherwise . I did read these to the children , but wow , it was hard figuring out what to leave out and what to leave in because the pictures -LRB- that are n't there -RRB- have captions in the text . Really bad .
 I had the record when I was little and loved it , but I was disappointed with the CD . The sound quality on the CD is poor . There is background static and it sounds as if he is too far away from the microphone and that he is speaking through a tube . You have to turn it up in order to hear clearly . This alone hurt our ears then Karloff emphasizes certain words quite loudly which really hurt our ears .
 The production of this fine collection of stories is `` Just-So . '' I expected more from an MP3 recording . The stories themselves are fine ... but the hissing ? Try a different version perhaps .
 `` Oh , plain black 's best for a nigger '' from `` How the Lepard got his Spots '' ... need I say more ?? I was very disappointed with this book after so many of the reviews were positive . Let 's wake up !! It 's 2007 and the Era of the word `` Negro '' , or as Mr. Kipling likes to say ... `` nigger '' is not a charming word to describe an African/black person ! Why do n't we keep these types of books in a special section on racist authors , and what not to spend time reading to our children !!
 I purchased this new for my classroom . Unfortunately , the audio track is so quiet it is of no use to me . I ca n't return it because I opened it .
 Nice packaging and collection of stories but it sounds like Boris Karloff was in a shipping container bound for Taiwan when he recorded this . Its sound is metallic , echoey and some of the quiet parts are so quiet they are almost unintelligable . Try another sound version and you might be happier with these fine stories .
 I do n't know if Amazon actually vets any of the books they sell from small publishers -LRB- if the company that puts this out can be called one -RRB- . What this version of Just So Stories turned out to be is someone copying information off the internet , not bothering with formatting and printing a continuous book without even breaks between stories , introductions and even repeating lines at times . This was the biggest waste of money ever ! Do not buy this version of the Rudyard Kipling Just So Stories . I will never get anything else from this `` publisher '' . Amazon should pull this listing .
 We like to listen to audiobooks in the car . The sound quality on this was very uneven , making car listening extremely difficult and unpleasant . Can I return it ?
 This version does not contain the images or poems in the original -- one of the ones at Gutenberg does . Since some of the fun of this book is in the convoluted captions of the original drawings , I 'd recommend getting that one instead .
 Poor Boris Karloff got in over his head on this one . As other reviewers have noted , the sound level on this CD is so low , that it 's simply not possible to listen to it . We have numerous books-on-CD for the kids , and a normal listening level on the car stereo is `` 20 '' . Even with this CD turned up to the maximum of `` 40 '' , it 's simply not possible to hear and understand what is being said , so the CD is worthless . Maybe I 'll use my computer to rip the tracks off the CD and convert them to mp3 and use a sound editing program to try to increase the volume on the mp3 tracks . Or maybe I 'll throw the CD in the trash.It 's a problem when Amazon mixes together the reviews for a book and the reviews for the CD version of the book -- it 's hard to find the CD reviews mixed in with the book reviews to see how bad the CD is .
 Wow this was poorly printed . No illustrations and looks like it was printed directly off the internet . Do not buy unless you are anticipating poor quality !
 This is a terrible edition . Looks to have been copied from a free online version . Chapters are not clearly marked and just run together . Also , no pictures . We were very unhappy with this book . It looks like this is different version of what the other reviews are based on . Buyer beware !
 Just So StoriesBy Rudyard KiplingThe writing in Just So Stories is just mediocre , but nothing more . The actual content is weak . Most of the book is about `` How the ... '' For example `` How the Whale Got His Tongue '' or `` Rhino got his skin '' Which are n't very interesting . The style of writing is very old fashioned but considering the fact that the book was written a long time ago , that the writing will be different is inevitable.One of the stories is called `` How the Camel Got His Hump . '' Sound interesting ? Well it 's not . In the story `` How the camel got his hump '' there was a camel in the desert . There were also lots of other animals
 A depressing read about deception in all its forms . Very well written just did n't like the story but at the same time I could n't put it down because I was hoping for something happy . Weird ending as well .
 I bought this book and it took almost 3 weeks to get to me 2 states away . Should not have taken that long .
 Though the performances are very good , I am very frustrated with this purchase , as Amazon describes this set as unabridged . It is , in fact , substantially abridged , so buyer beware .
 I received the incorrect copy . The image presented is not what I received . It was a false advertisement and I am throughly disappointed in this experience .
 To get this book for free , it is a must read . If anything just to say the you have read it.I have read this book several times and I still do n't see the appeal . I love books like this one -LRB- A Long Fatal Love Chase , Louisa May Alcott -RRB- but this one I just ca n't get into it . It seems very hard for me to follow the story . I would say read it and be you own judge .
 I 've recently had to read this book for AP Lit , like many of the other reviewers , and I do n't see how this is a classic in any regard . Sure it is written in a lovely matter , but there are 15000 people with various English majors who can write beautifully as well . It 's hailed as a love story , but at the core of it there is n't any love at all . Just an assortment of angry childish people all who are developed as a still birthed child.Heathcliff and -LRB- old -RRB- Catherine love each other . But WHY , they love each other is never granted in any regard . They are in love simply for the sake of having a story a write about . That 's it . Then the characters themselves are n't just underdeveloped , but they 're TERRIBLE people to add on top of that . I am not one of those people who feels the need to love each and every single character , or any of them actually , but this must at least backed up with something to frame the character.Heathcliff is a horrible person simply because , based on what was given of his character in the book , he was abused . Now this aspect of course warrants some sympathy for him . And even though he is vengeful while he is a child , this is completely understandable given how he is treated . However , as a man he does not grow at all . He degenerates to a sadist simply because he did n't get what he wants , why he wants Catherine is anybody 's guest.I 'll just stop here because I honestly ca n't go on . The book is far too terrible for me to even go through breaking down each miserable character paragraph by paragraph . To put this book simply ; it 's basically like an emo 's version of a Tyler Perry story . The conflicts exist simply because the characters will it to .
 This was a terrible cut up version of the original which had little of the beauty of the real story . It was not worth the paper it was written on .
 I 've read a lot of the reviews below and many have said that this is a love story . If this is a love story then it is definitely is not my kind of love story . I felt that overall it was a very dark novel about horrible things happening to a variety of people . It was very difficult to get into any of the characters and overall I was fighting to get through it to the end . I love classic novels and Pride & Prejudice is my favorite but this one is not even in the same category ... too dark for me .
 I read this book on the recommendation that it was the finest English language novel ever written . Well , I can assure you , it is long and boring and I could care less if Katherine and Heathcliffe get together in the end anyway , if they are dead . It 's pretentious and long winded and just awful . I must give Miss Bronte credit for writing a long love story that holds its continuity until the end and does n't take you on ridiculous tangents and sub plots . But the main plot is boring and it hurt me to read it all the way through .
 I realize many would contest my opinion in this feverently , and I 've argued first hand with many a Wuthering Heights fan , but I have to say with all honesty , this is the worst book I have ever read.The dryness of the plot is second only to the dryness of Emily Bronte 's style . For a story attempting to establish themes of love and hatred , passion and apathy , the book is sure dull as hell.I simply ca n't see any saving quality in this book whatsoever , save the fact that nothing at all happens so you can skim through it without missing a single element of the non-existant plot . The climax of all action within the book is a scene one third of the way in the book where young Heathcliff hurls applesauce at his effeminate and whiny rival , and it just goes even further downhill from there.It is very obvious in her writing that Emily Bronte has never left her home , as her characters are all pallid one-dimensional reflections of her own disgusting parasitic victorian life . Never in a book , even with the most despisable of villans , have I let out such a cheer as a character died , because with the dying of each character in Wuthering Heights there is a feeling of , `` FINALLY . '' Every character is dying from page 1 , in one way or another , and Wuthering Heights is the `` journey '' of seeing them to their graves , and breathing a sigh of relief , interlaced with mindless whining from one character or another about how the tea and scones are too cold today.If the use of the adjective `` Wuthering '' is not a warning enough , then read the first five pages . THe only thing I can thank Emily Bronte for is the knowledge that I 'll never face pain as great as she has given me in trying to force my way through her book , and I am probably now able to withstand any sort of torture or physical torment by looking back and rememebering , `` It could be worse ... I could have to listen to Joseph speak again , or Catherine whine . `` I realize there 's going to be multiple posts debating this , in an `` Emperor 's New Clothing '' sort of fashion of only those who are smart can see the meaning in this book , but the only meaning this book has is what literary critics and English Professors try to stuff it with , no different than the stuffing forcefully injected into a long-dead thanksgiving bird . For a moment , put away your pride , cast down your defensiveness at the view that you 're supposed to enjoy this book , and ask yourself
 Gah ! This book is the most horrible thing I 've read ! Heathcliff is a horrible character ! I did n't know I was ever suppose to root for him . He borders on crazy and even crazier . No one should be forced to read this dren . I 'd rather be waterboardered than read this again ... at least the psychological scars of waterboarding would n't last as long !
 Being a pretty avid reader , I thought my classic repertoire should include Wuthering Heights . I had to basically force myself to read to the end . I have no problem with despicable , morally corrupt characters . The Fountainhead is one of my favorite novels . The problem is that the treatment of them by Bronte just lacks depth . I found the book to be tediously slow , dry , and repetitive . Maybe I just did n't get it , but I really hated this book .
 I am in love with this story and will forever be . It is truly an amazing love story that will never grow old .
 The book I ordered was received promptly but not at all in the condition that I thought it would be in . there was writing everywhere in the book which makes it useless for the purpose I had intended . I have never had a problem with ordering books until now .
 Maybe I missed something when ordering , but we were completely surprised by this book when it arrived . Apparently a `` bed book '' is printed horizontally . Not what we expected . We returned it with no problem though .
 i have always heard great reviews of Wuthering Heights . its a classic right ? well i was very dissapointed . its so boring ! i will make myself finish just to make sure i havent missed anything .
 This printing is rife with errors . It is also a bit disturbing that the cover looks more like Psycho house than any description of Wuthering Heights ; clearly the artist who created the cover has never read the book . By all means , read this gothic classic , but pay a bit more and get a decent printing -LRB- even the one with the `` Stephenie Meyers cover '' would be preferable to this sorry edition -RRB- .
 I did n't really like this book , because it was just boring , and I could n't understand what they were really talking about . It just did n't interest me , and it was confusing . I did n't like the characters too much and did n't get them . I think this book could 've been better , and I personally would n't want to read it again . I had a hard time getting into it , the whole time I was reading it . It was pretty boring .
 I just recently finished reading Wuthering Heights , and to be perfectly honest I have to say that it 's a terrible story.The basic plot is centered around Mr. Lockwood and his visit to rural England and the house called Wuthering Heights where he is told the life story of a man named Heathcliff along with his love for Catherine , his hate for his bother -LRB- and his brother 's son -LRB- Heraton -RRB- and his neighbors at Thruscross Grange and their son -LRB- Edgar -RRB- and their daughter -LRB- Isabella -RRB- -LSB- who he marries -RSB- and the son that he has with Isabella -LRB- Linton -RRB- and the extra hate that he gains when Edgar marries Catherine -RRB- , and his story of revenge against the afore mentioned individuals who he hates.That brings us to the novel 's problems . The true highlight of a novel is not its story , but rather its hidden significance , and while Wuthering Heights does bring out the extreme emotions that can be associated with love -LRB- i.e. passion , jealousy , spite -RRB- , it does so in such a way that kills any male reader . It 's true - for some reason , the ladies who read this book tend to like it much more than the guys.Perhaps the reason for this is the fact that the novel , with all deep and meaningful thoughts written in , reads like a victorian era after school special . Catherine totally had a crush on Heathcliff , and Heatcliff liked him back , but Catherine started hanging out with the wrong crowd - Isabella and Edgar . After a while Catherine just did n't want to hang out with Heathcliff , and one night she got so out of hand that she totally made out with Edgar ! Heathcliff finds out and totally gets made , but he moved to another school for a year so it was okay then . Besides , his brother was mean to him . The next year he totally surprised everyone when he came back ! Catherine was soooo regretful that she made out with Edgar , and she wanted Heathcliff back - but Isabella had a crush on him too ! They totally got in a cat fight that day , saying how much they both hate Heathcliff . The problem was that Heathcliff was soooo made at Catherine -LRB- still -RRB- but had a crush on her -LRB- still -RRB- so he totally made out with Isabella ! Then Isabella dies , then Edgar dies , then Heathcliff brother dies , then a few people get married until Heathcliff finally bites the dust.You 're probably thinking that I have blown the story out of proportion , but the sad truth is that I have n't . In actuality , Heathcliff and Catherine do fall in love , but they never admit it to each other - they always bicker and argue and yell about how much they hate each other until Catherine dies . Just like how middle school kids will talk about how much they like so-and-so , but not to that individul . In actuality , Catherine does marry Edgar , Heathcliff does run away , and on his return Isabella does admit that she has fallen in love with him , Heathcliff does marry Isabella for revenge , and the rest of the story is then about people dying and Catherine 's daughter Catherine and how she was forced to marry Heathcliff 's son so that Heathcliff would get extra land when his kid died.Touching love story , is n't it?While some might call it a wild romance and a true testament to our inability to control the strongest of human emotion , I find that the love story is very elementary -LRB- on the account that it really does read like an afterschool special -RRB- and at the same time blown up - almost like Emily Bronte was a love-starved victorian era woman longing for a romance in her life -LRB- which she was -RRB- and the rest of the story was just a simple story where people are mean to each other and then die.Sorry Emily Bronte !
 I am aware that this is not a novel meant to put a smile on your face or make you think of flowers and rainbows etc. . But I was unable to get any enjoyment out of this book because the characters are so completely ridiculous in their courses of actions . Granted , the theme of the book is how hatred , jealousy , envy , and the like can overcome a person 's soul , but she took it too far . The overblown `` love '' between the characters would invariably be followed by an act of viscious cruelty . Many of the good reviews for this book are from high school students . The reason most of them liked it , in my mind , is because they are immature and have idealized images of the emotions described in the book and how people would react to those emotions . We all know what it is like to love , to hate , to lose , but even under the most painful situations no one would act the way these characters did .
 I know this may sound disrespectful to all of you connoisseurs of fine Brittish literature , but I hated Wuthering Heights . It was slow-moving and boring . My tenth grade English teacher required that we read it , and I have despised her ever since for wasting precious moments of my life
 I love the story , but was completely surprised the book was so tiny . I think that needs to be made clear for customers .
 It 's alright , but why are all the characters so camp?Anyway , a bit melodramatic , with a bunch of despicable characters . Funnily enough , it 's not as bad as it sounds .
 Did not like this at all . The fact that it was short was the only reason I finished it . I am not too sure what the appeal of this book is to others .
 To give `` Wuthering Heights '' some credit , the story and characters are n't half bad . The plot is interesting in and of itself , and the characters are all easily imagined if not terribly well-rounded -LRB- with the exception of Heathcliff , who can be appreciated fully when you consider both his cruelty and his motivation and origins -RRB- . All in all , the material is promising.Unfortunately , the writing is so convoluted and verbose that you 'd need a machete to ... your way through it . And '' ... '' is an accurate verb ; typically whole paragraphs and pages are filled with needless complications so that it 's more like deciphering a code than reading a story . The sheer amount of effort that it takes to get very little payoff quickly breeds apathy . After a while , I did n't care who Catherine married or who was narrating or anything else.The book has some other flaws -LRB- most noticeably the use of death as a cheap plot device -RRB- but the writing 's really what sinks the book . If you like slaving away for minimal payoff , this book 's for you . Otherwise ...
 Hands down , the worst novel that I have ever read . The only reason I finished it was to settle an oddly masochistic wager with a family member . The characters are all contemptible , the writing dull , and the story inane . When it was over I had mixed feelings of relief -LRB- thank God it was over -RRB- and regret for wasting that much of my life on it . What a horrible , horrible novel . If there is such a thing as hell , for me , it would be an empty room with nothing but a copy of Wuthering Heights in it .
 The great tragedy of this book is that the author did n't kill off Catherine and Heathcliff MUCH SOONER . Then she might have been able to introduce alternate main characters who were actually interesting.Although given Emily Bronte 's track record with the aforementioned losers , maybe populating her novels with characters that the reader would find interesting just was n't her strong suit ...
 I 've never before written a negative Amazon reader review . As an author , I know how much they can sting , and I try to limit myself to only reviewing books I 've really enjoyed . However , since the author is long dead , I doubt I can hurt her feelings . And if by my words I can possibly prevent one other person from undergoing the suffering I 've endured , I 'll feel that my job here is done.I decided that at the age of 52 , it was time I started reading some of the classics that I 'd missed along the way . I read PRIDE AND PREJUDICE first , and though I found Ms. Austen 's writing to be tedious , the book was mildly entertaining . I thought I 'd try Emily Bronte 's WUTHERING HEIGHTS next . I 'd always heard how romantic the story was , and no less than three people , upon seeing me with the book , told me , `` You 'll love it ! You 'll absolutely love it ! `` Please tell me you 're kidding.This book is wretched . Painful to a degree I 've never before experienced . I 've read books that put me to sleep , books I found impossibly dull , books I found too stupid for words . But I have NEVER hated a book so much in my life . The characters in their entirety do n't possess a single redeeming value . They are miserable , obnoxious , hateful excuses for human beings . Even the DOGS are hateful . Why should I care what happens to any of these awful people ? Why should I care if they 've made themselves miserable through their own choices and then spend the rest of the book whining and complaining about how pathetic their lives are?I had n't realized just how much I loathed them until halfway through the book , when a major character died , and all I could think was , `` THANK GOD ! THANK GOD ! `` And then , there 's the dialect . Ah , the dialect ! I could tolerate it if it was used sparingly . But when a certain character goes into a speech that lasts for half a page of small print , in a language that can only be described as Not Even Resembling English -LRB- yes , I know it 's supposed to be Scottish -RRB- , the result is unbearable pain . Every time this character speaks -LRB- which is , thankfully , not often -RRB- , I find myself puzzling over his words in an attempt to translate them into something that seems even mildly coherent . Sometimes , it 's possible to do this just by context . At other times , I shake my head in bewilderment and disgust and simply move on to a different page . Considering how slowly the story moves -LRB- is there a storyline ? a point to all this suffering ? -RRB- , I could probably skip entire chapters and not miss anything.I 'd also like to know where the romance is . Since everybody in this book seems to hate everybody else , with the notable exception of the uncouth monster , Heathcliff , and the spoiled-rotten , obnoxious Catherine , I ca n't fathom where that might lie . Am I too dense to understand ? Or has the literary world been tricking us for 150 years , convincing the sheep of the world to follow along in praise of this `` romantic '' classic?I think I would rather have my fingernails pulled out forcefully , one at a time , than finish reading this book . I 'm halfway through , and life is short . Am I really willing to spend that much more of my short time here on earth torturing myself just for the satisfaction of knowing I actually read the dreadful thing ? I think not.I also think my foray into the classics has ended right here . I 'm off to read some Robert Parker or Janet Evanovich . Maybe even some Jackie Collins . Anything to cleanse my palate of the terrible aftertaste of Heathcliff and Catherine.To each his own . I know there are people who rave about this book , people who love it . I 'm glad somebody does . Every book deserves to be loved by somebody . But in this case , with this particular book , that somebody will have to be Somebody Else . Because it certainly is n't me .
 Far too drawn out , poorly written - Not at all engaging or otherwise , this book brings on suicidal tendancies to it 's unfortunate readers . The Bronte sisters are known for their works , notoriously boring and wholly uninteresting ... Wuthering Heights was slightly reminiscent of a dark , boring soap opera , that made me long for the end of it ...
 I think everyone who enjoys this book is a woman . I do n't mean to sound sexist , it 's just true . I 've never met a woman who did n't love this book , And I 've never met a man who liked it . I hated it . I wo n't say it was a bad book , because it 's a classic , and the most you 're allowed to say about a classic is that you did n't enjoy it , which I did n't . Sorry to say , this is the FIRST classic novel I 've ever read that I did n't enjoy . And I 've read a lot .
 While this book has beautiful descriptive language , the story drags on at a snails pace , which is rather uneventful for my tastes . If you have the patience to sit through this book , by all means read this . However , if you feel you need an interesting tale that progresses at a faster pace , you 'd best look elsewhere .
 I know many people love this book , but I 've read it 3 times , and I just ca n't appreciate it . While I have no complaint with the technical aspects of it -LRB- writing style , grammar , etc. -RRB- , the story drives me a little bit crazy and makes me depressed .
 For me it was hard to read - the language mostly I think , but also since the names are the same for the adults as the children - hard to follow - seeing the movie helped me figure it out but I never went back to finish the book
 This is NOT the study edition referred to in the other review . It is a poorly formatted version of the book which contains nothing but the text . No table of contents or other such fanciness , and certainly no supplemental material . Just the text . Rather than spend even 99 cents on this version , get the Project Gutenberg download of Wuthering Heights for the Kindle . It is better formatted and free .
 This was a difficult read for me . For several months I would pick up this book become utterly disgusted with the characters and put it back down again . I 'm really not sure why I finished it as the more I think about it the more I truly hated it . I wish I had returned it to the library unfinished.This is the story of Heathcliff a gypsy boy taken in by the Earnshaw family and Catherine Earnshaw his only childhood friend . Let 's just say that as events unfold and as the characters develop we come to know the evil Heathcliff and selfish Catherine will never be together . Since they truly love each other the only alternative seems to be to make life miserable for themselves and everyone around them . At this point I was really hoping for a rabid pack of wolves to attack everyone and end their misery . Unfortunately this did not happen.On a more positive note this book was very well written and the character development superb .
 From what I can gather , it is commonly considered that the primary theme of Wuthering Heights is a type of love that transcends all else . Great passion , transcending mortal life , consuming one 's soul . Something noble in and of itself , more powerful than reason . Supposedly , this somehow partially excuses any evil stemming from it . Heathcliff is seen as having a wild , passionate , `` bad boy '' attraction.If one reads quickly , without really absorbing it all , some scenes do give Heathcliff this allure . But integrating all that he does , he is too evil . And in the end , nothing but deranged evil . His deranged , so-called love excuses nothing . Nor does the mistreatment he received excuse mistreating innocent bystanders . Though it does show insight that abuse tends to engender hatred of life and abuse of others.In his resentment , Heathcliff destroys all rational values in search of some personal satisfaction which is too mean and limited to ever make him happy . Such a man can not love himself or anyone else . He may have an obsession for something of his imagination , but not appreciation for real people and the give and take of real relationships . Bad treatment may have led to him becoming a monster , but once a monster , he must be recognized as a monster.At that time Bronte was writing , in the 1840 's , mystical notions of other worldly love and passions and existence were fairly common . But they are irrational nonetheless.I reject the popular view of the book 's theme , whether Emily Bronte intended that theme or not . I think the story illustrates the theme of people being responsible for their own choices and suffering the unexpected consequences of their actions . In other words , the story does not glorify some superior love , but actually ridicules the delusion of it.The idea that souls of loved ones will be reunited after death is common . However , this is a spiritual thing ; so , Heathcliff 's desire to have the coffins opened on the side makes no sense in this light . He was simply deranged . How Bronte thought up such a thing is strange . Perhaps the idea is that Heathcliff is not spiritual enough , not properly religious , to imagine the mystic reuniting of souls ? So he imagines a more physical reuniting?Bronte , as shown by her poetry , seems enamored with notions of life after death ; so , it is difficult to know what she felt about life . There is evidence both that she enjoyed it and that she hated it . I wonder if she did n't simply have different moods ? Anyway , she was often intelligent and insightful about the natures of different types of people , and Wuthering Heights is cleverly and inventively presented . The ending , which implies that the new generation will find lasting love and happiness , saves the book . I also liked the way religion was shown to be of no positive use for anything , which I doubt was Bronte 's intention , but engenders meaness and abuse .
 Yes . I agree . This book is compelling and atmospheric . I love the hints of the supernatural . Heathcliffe 's lycanthropic qualities . Almost a werewolf on the moonlit moors . The ghostly hauntings and the attentions to and realisations of character 's dreams are all very effective . I also like the dichotomy between the two houses . Wuthering Heights is a veritable Hell and Thrushdown Grange is Heaven . BUT ... I have never encountered such an utterly repellant motley crew of characters in my life ! Who on Earth could have ANY feelings for these people ? Heathcliffe is a mad-dog that needs putting to sleep . Hindley is an abusive , maniacal drunkard . Joseph is an hysterical religious bigot . Catherine is a pain ... But , worst of all none of the characters show any inclination to extricate themselves from their mess . Rather , they actively encourage each other 's dissolution and disarray . There is no-one in the book strong enough or intelligent enough to check these processes of atrophy and attrition . How pointless , do n't you think ? And for all the reviewers who defend this book with the charge that real-life is similarly evil ... Well , yeah , maybe real life according to Jerry Springer and his idiot dysfunctional redneck guests . I found these characters so repellant and downright sinister I could n't stop thinking of Myra Hindley and Ian Brady .
 Wuthering Heights is a very slow book . Not much happens and you should n't read it if you want an interesting story . After reading it , I feel that the book could have been shortened greatly . Even though there are some excellent themes in it , I do n't see WH as an example of fine literature . Authors such as Hemingway -LRB- For Whom the Bell Tolls -RRB- , Dumas -LRB- The Count of Monte Cristo -- Unabridged -RRB- , and Frank -LRB- Alas Babylon -RRB- spin much better tales with much stronger themes and meaning . My advice
 When Mr. Earnshaw , a man of means , brings a dark , ill-mannered foundling into his home he has no idea that his one good deed will alter the course of his family forever.Taken into the Earnshaw home only to be cast out abruptly , Heathcliff is intent to avenge himself on those who have done him wrong through any means possible . Even his oldest friend and companion Catherine is not beyond reproach.Lockwood knows nothing of the scandal and unrest that surrounds Wuthering Heights when he leases Thrushcross Grange from Heathcliff for a season . Scandalized by the residents of Wuthering Heights and shocked by the blatant disregard for common courtesy and propriety , he soon endeavors to unearth the whole story from his housekeeper , Nelly Dean.The story Nelly reveals is one of unresolved passion , haunting obsession , and a connection that even death can not deny in Wuthering Heights -LRB- 1847 -RRB- by Emily Bront.Wuthering Heights is Bront 's only novel.Groundbreaking for its time , Wuthering Heights is a divisive novel that is more often regarded with love or hate rather than indifference.Some claim Bront 's gothic novel is a sweeping romance that spans not just years but death itself . Written in the first person with a framing story around the main drama of Catherine and Heathcliff 's doomed relationship , Bront creates an evocative story filled with Yorkshire dialect and harsh lanscapes.At the same time , this book is a study in human cruelty . Catherine and Heathcliff are horrible people and , even while proving their love for one another , they do unspeakable things.If you can get past the basic meanness of almost all of the characters , Wuthering Heights is an atmospheric story filled with chills and menace sure to linger after the last page is finished.Possible Pairings
 I like classics but could n't get into this one . The style of writing is not my favorite . maybe i 'll try again later
 I started reading this book because of all the hype about it . I couldnt get into it at all . I stopped reading it after a few pages . Then I saw a review of it on the telly and I definitely stopped trying to get into it . They certainly didnt do the book any favours . It was badly written and the content wasnt that great . Might watch the film though !
 I am still trying to read this book . I have no idea what is going on . Not an interesting book to me .
 Several years ago , tired of reading the latest novels , I decided after a few forays into classic literature that maybe I should devote more time to them . After all , anything hailed as a `` great literary work '' by millions of people has to be good , right?I 'm glad this was n't the first classic I picked up , because I never would have continued reading them . The book itself is n't all that thick , which while I prefer thick , I was grateful it was n't in this case . It is a book about torment . Everyone in it is in a perpetual state of plain , downright torment . And the kicker is they bring it on themselves . Reading it I felt bad for Heathcliff as a child and sympathised with his plight . The fireworks begin after Heathcliff returns from some unnamed place or places with millions in the bank . The apple of his eye is the wishy-washy -LRB- I just ca n't come up with a more fitting term for so wretched a woman -RRB- Catherine , who ca n't make up her mind what to do throughout the book until her dying breath . Thank God that happened.When I read a book I generally try to find a connection with one of the characters , someone who might share the same views as I would or who might take the same action as I would in certain circumstances , but I 'm sorry to say I could n't find a single one . I found myself more or less taking the side of Edgar , although he was n't very enjoyable either . As for Heathcliff I felt like reaching into the book , smacking him around a few good hours while screaming `` Get over it ! '' Wuthering Heights is filled to bursting with detestable people doing deplorable things for no other reason than greed , selfishness , and what must be some kind of masochistic desire for misery . And Heathcliff is the King of Pain in this one . I felt actual relief at his passing as I would that of a rabid dog.This would be a one star review , but for the last 40 pages where at least some semblence of hope and happiness comes to this stupid book , something it was completely devoid of throughout the rest of it . It 's a wonder half of England did n't commit suicide out of severe depression after reading it when it was first released . Even more troubling is that the up and coming youth who read this tend to really believe it 's a classic `` love story '' . Heaven help us.Want torturous love but with actual hope and happiness sprinkled through it ? Try `` War and Peace '' by Tolstoy . Leave this one on the shelf , unless you like reasons to take sedatives that is .
 I believe Wuthering Heights to be just an average book hardly capable of any noteriety . The book seems to be the same old story of a vengeful man who takes his anger and hate out on other people in a useless effort to please himself . This deep inner hatred results from the untimely death of Heathcliff 's lifetime love , Catherine . The reason I gave this book a three was because it was so difficult to follow . Bronte used the same names and the same situations over and over and I could never understand who she was talking about . The theme of Man vs Man was overly developed with the continuing acts of hatred from Heathcliff . I reccomend you read this book if you want to avenge something or you withold a deep hatred for someone . EMILY SMITH
 If I were to go back and read a Bronte book , I would readJane Eyre . For 85 % of Wuthering Heights I thought , This is just a book full of miserable people . I ca n't sympathize with any of them . I almost stopped listening -LRB- it was an audiobook -RRB- a few times . But ... 1 . It has a lovely ending .2 . It has an interesting narrative structure
 A little bit hard to read . Does n't flow as well as some other books I have read , but still a good read never the less .
 My overall veiw of the book is not an exciting one . I feel that it had a good story line , but failed to grab my attention through the whole book . Even though I did n't fall head over heals for the book , there are some aspects of it that I happened to like . As on page 230 , where Heathcliif put Liton and Cathy out of the room and Linton feels the full affect of his rage and illness as `` his cries were choked by a dreadful fit of coughing ; blood gushing from his mouth , and he fell on the ground '' . The fact there was blood in the excert did n't make it an eye catcher , but the fact that it was so well described . The way she wrote it made me close my eyes and visualize Liton at a door have an attack . I said the book was interesting as well as dull . The dullness happened to come at the very begining when Mr.Lockwood was the narrarator . The issue I had at the start of the book was the fact that the long and drawn out details of the kitchen . On page three , Emily Bronte took all my energy out of finishing the book . It seems as if she spent years reasearching design , and decided to put it in the book . She describes the floor `` of smooth , white stone '' the chairs as being `` high backed , primitive structures , painted green '' . Just to give you a taste , I only chose to write a few descriptions . but the book is filled with what seemed to me endless dribble of description .
 Upon reading Wuthering Heights , I rate the book a 3 from 1 to 10 . Such a low score relates to the long , drawn out wordiness on insignificant parts to the story . Over exaggeration of minor details really confused me in this book . The book made me think that a long , drawn out explanation of a minor detail such as Mr. Lockwood 's description of Catherine 's library as '' ... select book choices , . . '' delapidated '' -LRB- 16 -RRB- was important but as I completed the book , I realized it was just another attempt to go on and on . I feel if this book became a play people would say it is melodramatic and boring . The plot did grab my attention -LRB- I must admit -RRB- , and for that reason I gave the book a 3 instead of a 1 . However , I think Bronte really `` messed up '' a developed , intringuing story line with insignificant details that gave readers the idea that the point contained a hidden point that one might find later in the book or one people needed to know . I mean , Who cares how Catherine kept her book collection . The story contains a completely different plot !
 The writing is not half bad , the language flows well . I 'll agree with other readers , it 's hard to tell who 's leading the narrative . It 's also hard to tell the relations of the characters until quite a ways into the book . The story does not end up satisfying the reader . It 's not really even much of a love story . It 's quite a hate story . I 'm glad I read it , but only because it kept me from buying it .
 Even though Emily and Charlotte are sisters , it obvious who the better writer of the two is , Charlotte . I chose this novel for my 12th grade students to read and I decided that I would never again read it . It takes too long for everyone to realize Heathcliff is a jerk . I think that if anyone is interested in reading the Brontes to read Charlotte . If anyone is interested in reading literature from that era , read Jane Austen .
 I almost put the book down halfway through ; it dragged very badly through the first half . The second half was beter , and was bearable , but could not make up for the first half of the book .
 I know this is a &#34; classic &#34; but I got about a third of the way into and realized that I was forcing myself to read it just so that I could say I read it . Since I 'm not in highschool anymore , there is no need to subject myself to such misery .
 i hated this book . It was made up of stupid people with stupid problems . I hated the book . Didnt understand , didnt want to ... . I hated the book . BURN IT !
 After reading this dull book , I am now able to declare Emily Bronte as the worst writer of all in the Brone family . No passion and pain like Charolotte 's JANE EYRE or LUCY SNOWE of Villette , and unlike the flighty creations of Anne 's novel , this one was rather hard to finish . All in all , another over rated book .
 i hated this book with a passion ! i felt no sympathy for any of the characters and i thought that it was pointless and boring .
 If Jane Eyre is free on Kindle , then why is n't her sister 's book , `` Wuthering Heights , '' free as well?It is a classic that should be available for free like so many other classics that are available for free as an eBook.Shame to the person that is making money off this eBook . -LRB- This goes for all the other `` authors '' on DTPAmazon that are selling this eBook here . -RRB- This book deserves all 5 stars , but the fact that they are selling it for a profit , brings it down to one star -LRB- I would have put zero , but it would n't let me -RRB- . As soon as I can get my hands on a computer document for this book , I will be putting up on the Kindle store for FREE !
 If you had a feeling that this book was written a long time ago , well , you 're right ! The novel , Wuthering Heights by Emile Bronte , is along the lines of most romance/drama novels out there . It has a very familiar story and plot twits that will not keep the reader occupied . When I tried to invision the settings and characters all that I could invision is a grey bloob with generic settings and overly used characters . The same generic plots may suit some people fine but it seems to me that the average reader may want to move onto something alittle bit more innovative and interesting.Now , onto the characters . The three main characters in the beginning of the book are Heathcliff , Catherine , and Edgar . Heathcliff is a poor waif that has been friends with Catherine seince they were little children about the age of 6 and is now madly in love with Catherine . Secondly , Catherine has always loved heathcliff but her greed gets in the way of thier love often . Edgar , who is ALSO in love with Catherine , is a very rich and well educated individual . As the plot continues Catherine marries Edgar for his money , not doing what her heat deisred by marrying Heathcliff , which turns out to be her biggest mistake.Although this book has its `` up 's '' , it also has a large share of `` down 's '' . And the lacklust enviorments dont help one bit . The lack of plausable discription takes its toll on this could be great story . At one point in the book while discribing a trellus of flowers it was depicted as follows
 I bought this as one of my collection of Classics . Everyone knows that the novel itself deserves a five star . However , the poor paper quality does not match the quality of the content .
 The picture above is of World Publishers ' 1947 edition . It doubtless became the basis for the Fine Books edition . But IT IS NOT the Literary Society 's Illustration - Free version.Buyer beware !
 Seriously hated every page of this book . Not that it matters , but I read a lot of classic literature , and this is by far the worst book I have ever read . The characters were mean , vile and had no redeeming qualities . It must have read like absolute trash in the time period it was written , and still does today . I fail to see how anybody could find this story romantic . If a man told me that this book epitomizes his idea of romance , I would run for the hills and never look back . I honestly ca n't waste any more time on this book , even to write a lengthier review .
 I kept waiting for this book to win me over , but it never did . I get it that Heathcliff and Catherine had a deep , passionate love for each other . But neither is a lovable character and I ca n't imagine falling in love with either of them . I wonder if this is a book that does not translate well from the era in which it was written to the modern day . -LRB- I think Heathcliff would be reported to child protective services in today 's world . -RRB- I got through it , but it just was n't the epic love story I was anticipating .
 Maybe I was n't paying attention - I had no idea this would be a tiny little book -LRB- about 3 `` x4 '' -RRB- tiny little pages , tiny little print ... I 'll have to order another book -- adult size
 I really did n't like this book . I know it 's supposed to be a classic , but there are hundreds of really good books in this world , and this just is n't one of them.We always try to compare the Bronte girls to Jane Austen , but each of the Bronte sisters published her first book in 1847 , and Jane Austen 's books were published between 1811 and 1817 , so they are n't really contemporaries . Austen 's books really describe everyday family concerns , mostly relating to marriage . Jane Eyre and Wuthering Heights both described families and their connections , but the stories were more out of the ordinary ; these are almost more like soap operas than like Austen novels . This book contains some references to a ghost and lots of cruelty and intrigue , none of which exist in Austen 's books.Another huge difference between this book and Austen 's is that none of the main characters are likeable
 i thought this was suppose to be one of the greatest love stories ever told but after finishing the book i was left in shock . I ca n't believe that their would be such an evil person like Heathcliff . I liked the book but just not what i expected .
 Where can one even begin on this book ? I have just a few seconds ago finished this book and I am completely speechless ... but not with admiration.Yes , PERHAPS Emily Bronte might have written this well but EVERY other aspect of this books is extremely flawed . Good literature it may be to some but good characters , morals , story it is most certainly not . I completely 100 % agree with a reviewer who wrote that she hated Heathcliff being described as some alpha male . Reader , believe me , he is the farthest thing from it . How can all these people talk about WH as being a love story ? Some call it Powerful Love , Passionate Love , Strongest Love that Could Ever Exist , etc etc. . Believe me when I say Heathcliff has ABSOLUTELY NO LOVE for Catherine . Nor she for him . All of it is just a matter of obsession . Their `` attachment '' to each other is purely selfish . This book has not ONE admirable character in it . All are either foolish or wicked . Heathcliff is nothing good and honest but obsession , jealousy , cruelty , baseness , dishonesty , and selfishness are the elements of his character as well as Catherine 's I might add . Perhaps if Emily Bronte would have brought out all the folly of the characters and spoken of their error it would have had some merit . But the book starts off in bad and till the end no one grows or improves their moral characters . If the wickedness of a person can only be erased by extinguishing the the person himself what moral is there to be learned at all ? I had not the slightest big of emotion except relief when I finished this . When I read a book I feel so engrossed in it , almost as if I know every character and am part of their world . HA ! Emily Bronte has such a superb power of making you feel like you are only reading blank words on a page ... I felt no connection with the characters at all .
 Wuthering Heights is , frankly , a disaster of a novel . Examining it from a technical point of view , the narration is stilted and poor , the characters are flat , the writing is childish , and it 's much too bloated . The entire story could have been summed up into about forty pages or less , and I think it would have been more `` passionate '' and surely much more believable if Emily Bront had written the book in third person , not first person.Mr . Lockwood begins narrating the story , which is perfectly fine . I 'd thought it would be a normal first-person narrative , until I discovered that the true narrator is Nelly Dean . In everyday speech , or even in telling a lengthy story -LRB- as Nelly is -RRB- , no one actually speaks like they 're writing a book -LRB- '' ` Yes , ' she said , looking at me . '' -RRB- . People speak like , well , people . They stammer and stumble and interrupt themselves , especially when they 're trying to narrate a story . Now , this sort of stilted narration is tolerable for a certain period of time -- the real issue I have with this book is that each and every character has the same style of speech . Each of these flat , poorly developed characters speak and narrate in the exact same way -- except for Joseph and the other uneducated characters , whose rare bouts of dialogue are generally incomprehensible.Heathcliff is supposedly the main character , but he is anything but a hero ... although I do admit he is the most human . That does n't say much , however . I really ca n't imagine any of the characters being portrayed as heroes . And the ancillary ` narrator , ' Mr. Lockwood , is nothing but a stand-in for Nelly Dean . Of all the characters , he is the flattest , and he seems to have very little purpose in the story.To top all that off , the story is n't nearly as `` amazing '' as it 's made out to be . It is advertised as revealing some of the `` terrible truths about men and women , '' but the characters are so unrealistic and childish that I ca n't even think of them as being true men and women . 95 % of them fail to act their ages , by the way . The book is about thwarted love , yes , I understand . But the passion is just as believable as the characters are , and there is a disturbing lack of justice in the story . The whole book screams , `` Who cares ?! `` Overall , I do n't recommend Wuthering Heights to anyone , even though it is hailed -LRB- for whatever reason -RRB- as being a work of searing beauty and one of the most wonderful classics today . It is one of the worst books I have ever read , technically and metaphorically and creatively speaking . But who knows -- you may enjoy it . -LSB- EDIT
 Letters formed , words flowed , as Emily Bront moved the ink across the pages . In 1847 , around the age of 28 , Emily saw the culmination of her writing , Wuthering Heights , published . Emily also heard it bashed , criticized , and spoken of as worthless in her life time . As the year 1848 rolled around Emily perished from the earth . We do not Emily 's personal opinion of her book when she died , but her sister , Charlotte Bront , around 1850 , wrote an introduction to Wuthering Heights . It was then that the book burrowed its way into the hearts of society . Since then some have admired Emily Bront 's intricacy of characters and format of plot , while others still hold to the idea that the book is morbid.Set in 1801 , the story travels back in time to the beginning of Heathcliffs entrance into Wuthering Heights , it then once more progresses , ending in 1802 . Emily Bront 's novel , Wuthering Heights , weaves the lives of Catharine Earnshaw and Heathcliff . Mrs. Nelly Dean , for the bulk of the novel , is relating their lives to Mr. Lockwood , a new tenant at Thrushcross Grange -LRB- which is owned by Heathcliff , who lives at Wuthering Heights when Mr. Lockwood arrives -RRB- . Intertwined with other impressionable characters Catharine and Heathcliff 's lives are poured out . Catharine , a stubborn , saucy , selfish girl , grows up with her parents , her brother Hindly , and Heathcliff - a young starving gypsy boy brought home to Wuthering Heights by Mr. Earnshaw to live with the family . Mistreated and degraded by Hindly and scorned throughout life by all , save Mr. Earnshaw and for the most part Catharine , Heathcliff grows bitter and vengeful . As time progresses and Heathcliff 's bitterness thickens his love , his life , his Catharine , dies . She dies married to another man and giving her last breath baring her husbands child . All that Heathcliff then feels is left , is to live sadistically and desperately grieved among the ashes of his life.Wuthering Heights depicts love , loss , hurt , dread , selfishness , brutality , vengeance , and in a strange way a restoration of peace . As one reads the tale , one is aghast at the behavior of the characters ' and nauseated by the plot . Yet , one is intrigued by the intricately woven details and structure of the novel.The novels strength is its style ; personable characters that are intermingled with larger then life characters ; and its tangible setting on the moors of England laced with a supernatural essence . Emily Bront captures the Romanticism ideation of the 19th century in such a way that one gets pulled into the era , into the lives of those at Wuthering Heights and Thrushcross Grange.Regardless of the well written tale and excellent method of describing the mind set of those in the 19th century , having this idea of the supernatural intermingled with the real ; the novels weakness is loud spoken . The characters of the novel are insufferable , and the plot dark and selfish . Leaving one sick to the stomach and ones mind plagued by terrible images after reading certain portions.Through the strengths and weaknesses of the novel a lesson is brought forth . If one lets selfish ambition and revenge rule their lives , they shall live a sad desperate life among ashes . Instead of a pleasant life , by forgiving and moving towards reconciliation and freedom from the chains of abuse . It teaches that each person has a choice ; to do good and bring happiness to themselves and others , or to do evil and bring pain and suffering upon themselves and others . Though the novel in totality impresses this upon its readers and concludes this in the end , I feel there are other ways of learning this lesson.I can not recommend the book ; for although the conclusion brings about a lesson reaching that lesson is inner torture . I was excited to read Wuthering Heights for the title intrigues . Now that I have finished the novel I am even more excited to let it alone , to let it die among the ashes.I rate this book with one star because it is well written , not for its content .
 I 'm actually 17 , not 13 , but I do n't have a credit card so I ca n't submit normally ... Anyways , this is my review : To be perfectly honest , I found this novel to be very overrated . I did n't enjoy this book at all , and to be honest , I do n't really understand why it has been referred to as a `` classic '' when it has , at best , a flimsy plot and several of the characters are little more than one-dimensional stereotypes , not unlike characters in a modern-day soap opera.I 'll admit , it does have it 's strong points at times , such as the profound symbolism used throughout the book and the imaginative descriptions of moments such as Mr. Lockwoods dream about the late Catherine , but personally , I found it to be overly melodramatic , and at times , tedious . I was glad when I finally finished reading it .
 I 'm convinced that this book is considered a `` classic `` because people are sheep and know they 're supposed to think it is . Do n't get me wrong -- I love some of the classics but this book was one of the most dull , turgid , tedious , pointless books I have ever had the displeasure of reading . To be truthful , it was such a chore to read that I could not bring myself to finish it .
 I started reading this book as part of my catch-up-with-the-classics campaign . And it was supposed to be full of smoldering passion , etc. , etc. . I read on and on and on - nothing . Did I miss something , I do n't think so . Up until now , I could have said I 've never met a book I did n't like . The best I can say - I did n't find it offensive . Just dull beyond belief . Read Dickens if you want to see an author go on and on not losing your interest and actually making a point . Read `` Jane Eyre '' if you want some to feel some real passion about teaching and love and life .
 Wuthering Heights is the worst book I have ever read . If you are forced to read it like me , get cliff notes . It might help .
 This book did not interest me in any way . it just went on and on . its almost like it had no ending . they had way to many charactors . If you have a lot of time to read go for it and read it . `
 After finishing Wuthering Heights I have to say it is the most boring book I have ever read . The story is mainly about Heathcliff and his passion for Catherine and how he tries everything in his power to be with her . Catherine only marries her husband for his money and good looks . Heathcliff being the disturbing person he is will not let go of Catherine and this continues on for the whole book . If you have to read this book pay attention to every word or else you will not understand it . The book is mainly flashback and uses alot of `` old language '' that you have to keep flipping to the explanatory notes to understand . I will probably never read this book again unless I am forced to .
 unrealistic , characters multi-dimensionality hinder bronte 's abitlity to make a point
 Some great works of literature are best lost to posterity and this one may head the list . Yet , we must read it if we are in an English Literature survey course.It is ponderous going ... a classic of dreary proportions , encumbered by a depressing plot , set in dismal surroundings and peopled by dysfunctional characters.However , many other readers , many teachers and professors , many literature critics , genuinely love this book . - Perhaps it appeals to their current mood , or it speaks to having shared , in some way , the experience of one or another of the characters ? - Perhaps they have loved long and deeply and found their love unfulfilled ? Then Heathcliff speaks to their hearts . - Perhaps they have moved beyond a deeply felt love , for reasons that they can not fully express or understand , all the while , still keeping deep in some hidden recess of their psyche , that love that will remain first or best or purest ? We can see , then , why that reader might be drawn to identify with Cathy.A sad aspect of the book , however , is that it seems so hopeless , so dark , so fatalistic , so depressing . An over identification with these characters might have an adverse effect on a susceptible reader.The reality is , if you are more or less happy in who you are and who the other beloved people in your life may be , then you will probably find very few connecting points with these benighted main characters . If so , I will offer you this hint ... Watch the DVD of Larry Olivier and Merle Oberon , dear student , before you read . They play fast and loose with the plot , so you still have to read the book to ace your test or write your essay . But at least you will have some visual hints of beauty to keep in mind as you labor with this challenging novel.If you find this review helpful you might want to read some of my other reviews , including those on subjects ranging from biography to architecture , as well as religion and fiction .
 When my English teacher assigned this piece of Gothic literature instead of the prescribed novel `` Frankenstein , '' my curiosity was piqued . Though I had questioned her taste in literature throughout the year , I felt that this novel would be her redeeming point , the thing that would bring her class together.I could n't have been more mistaken.Wuthering Heights is the story of a man who rents a small mansion from another man , and decides to pay his landlord a visit . Or so it seems . What the novel truly is can only be decribed as a farce on human emotion . It follows the passionate , and often violent , semi-romance between Catherine Earnshaw and her adopted brother Heathcliff . Bronte 's poetic language eased the physical reading of the novel , but shrouded the actual plot in deeper mystery and chaos than it had managed to do itself.A novel filled with one amazing plot twist is intriguing ; one with several shockers is unexpected . Wuthering Heights , however , conatins more curves and unexpected turns than a New Orleans back-road . This would keep the reader alert and willing to continue ... if the characters were not blatantly predictible , and completely imhuman . The love-struck heroine/antagonist Catherine Earnshaw declares at one point that `` Nelly , I am Heathcliff ! '' While intended to be a moving statement , modern psychology student would be more likely to call it stage one acute paranoia . Indeed , this particular educational slave had to struggle through only six chapters of poorly created characters , morose settings , and a plot that seemed more thrown-together than created , before literally guessing his/her way to passing every exam.Back to Ms. Bronte 's plot devices . This novel is almost like watching a child play with dolls while talking aloud . Listen to your young daughters ; `` Suzie came home , and did this . '' A thoughtful pause will follow , and then something else will hapen to Suzie . Then something else . Whatever comes to mind will happen , regardless of whether it makes good storytelling or not . The novel takes the same approach , with a plotline that could only be deemed a line in Lovecraftian geometry.All in all , Wuthering Heights demonstrates fluid and powerful use of the English language ... but is n't that the purpose of poetry ? With predictably unpredictable characters , stale settings , and a plotline that almost refuses to exist , Wuthering Heights could be summed up only in the words of another English teacher
 The Longman Cultural Edition is not what you get when you buy the Kindle version . It is text only without TOC , annotations , commentary or anything else . Buyer beware .
 I thought Wuthering Heights was based on a great romance . That is how people had described it to me . I honestly do n't understand what is so classic about this book . It was too dark and I could n't enjoy it.I hated Heathcliff and Catherine . He was spiteful , miserable , and menacing . Of course this was n't his fault . He had a tough upbringing and Catherine made it worse , by choosing to marry someone for convenience knowing that Heathcliff loved her and she loved him . Catherine was whiny , selfish , and spoiled . She was such a witch , I really hated her . I hated her more than Heathcliff . She married Edgar and had a happy marriage until Heathcliff re-appeared . It was all downhill after that.After a three year hiatus , Heathcliff decided to come back for Catherine . He made everybody lives miserable . I did n't understand this romance that existed between Heathcliff and Catherine . It just seemed like an obsession . I did n't understand the connection and what they saw in eachother.The only part of the book that I enjoyed was the romance that blossomed between Catherine 's daughter , Cathy and her nephew , Hareton.I would n't recommend or read this book again .
 I can appreciete the unique style of Bronte 's prose and the fact that this book has relevant themes that may strike a chord with today '' s readers . But I remember being let down by this book and the finishing with a sense of apathy towards the characters . Many people relate the theme and character interaciton in this book to the modern day soap opera , daytime talkshows or MTV reality shows and thus deaming the book to have some sort of everlasting social message . The problem is that for the most part all those things stink and always have so what are these comparisons saying about this book . Maybe there is a reason why everyone read 's this in high school ... becuase it is the only age that can appreciate it.Clearly Im not in the norm as most people disagree with me but if you are looking to get into a `` classic '' there are much better books you can turn to .
 I 'm very partial to the novel itself , but this treatment of it in the Norton Critical Editions leaves much to be desired .1 . One big advantage of the Norton Critical Editions is that they have footnotes . This one , however , is extremely sparing of its footnotes , only giving one every fifty pages or so -- and that 's usually to clarify a Biblical allusion . You 're supposed to know a lot of other things , such as that `` bairn '' is Scottish dialect for `` small child . '' Terms like that pass by unremarked on , so do n't think this version is going to help clarify all those dialect words you 've been wondering about .2 . The font is small and uncomfortable to read .3 . The essays in the back , the other reason to buy a Norton Critical Edition , are somewhat absurd . Part of the mystery of `` Wuthering Heights '' is that its author seemed to have zilch for sources
 I read this book because my friend said it was good . I wish I 'd never read it . I wanted an intelligent book that was interesting and I could enjoy . Wuthering Heights is , simply put , a bad book . Thank god for Isaac Asimov !
 The most absurd story I have ever read . I found the characters unbelievable and their behaviour utterly inconsistent.However , let us give Bronte her due
 I 'm just gon na come out and admit it
 I am repelled by the absurd peregrinations of Bronte 's spiteful , petty-spirited , self-absorbed characters . The character of Heathcliff is that of a nightmarish beast , and Catherine is n't much better . And yet Emily Bronte wants us to LIKE these people . I read this book at the same time as OTHELLO , and to be honest I found my self liking even Iago better than these shallow fools -- at least Iago probably deserved to be a lieutenant ! If this is a classic , then so 's the phone book . It 's ludicrous , witless , and excessively overwritten to boot . At one point , the reader of WUTHERING HEIGHTS will realize that there have been five -LRB- or so -RRB- mawkish death scenes , some fights and scuffles , and countless effusions of absurd and overblown emotion . And yet one is less than halfway through the book , and Bronte 's still wuthering along as if the reader were yet awake . Again , I must compare it to OTHELLO , and find that in all respects it comes up short -- Othello even has better Moors . It 's not a classic -- it 's a really old British romance novel .
 I disliked this book enough that I waded through half of it , and then just stopped . It is well-written , but so dark and foreboding that I simply did not enjoy reading it . I gave it a good try but decided to go for books I actually enjoyed .
 I am sorry for even hearing about this novel and i am very upset that it was required reading in my high school . It is horrible out-of-date novel about a guy named Heathcliff , and that 's where i fell asleep . The description of things in this book take up 8 lines at a time and are unecessary ! I do n't reccomend this book to anyone !
 I recently read the novel Wuthering Heights , by Emily Bronte . As a student , I would not recommend this book to other readers . Unless falling asleep after every chapter of a book classifies it as good , Wuthering Heights is only good as a bedtime story . In the novel , it is said that Heathcliff and Catherine are in love , if this is so they would n't have spent their times together trying to hurt one another for pleasure . Heathcliff would have not wished that Catherine not rest in piece because she did n't mention him in her last breaths of air before dying -LRB- even though she was unconscious -RRB- . This relationship that the author portrays as love , really is not love . It is more of a hate than anything . Another thing about this novel in which , I did not quite enjoy was its exaggeration in descriptions of everything . It is great to describe things well enough for the reader to create an image on what is happening in the story , in their mind , but do n't push it overboard . For example , Liam O'Flaherty an author of short stories and novels uses great descriptions in his works . In his stories , he was able to create a mental image of the story in reader 's imaginations , without letting the story get boring , and without over doing it . The thing is in Wuthering Heights , Bronte explained things out far too well and made the story less interesting . So coming from a student , I would not recommend this book to another student .
 This is supposed to be `` one of the most famous love stories in the English language '' -LRB- this is what the back flip of the Oxford University Press edition says -RRB- , but where is the love ? The characters are all selfish and self-obsessed , especially that monster Heathcliff , who even tortured his own son to death for he is hellbent on his imaginary revenge . The other characters are not much better , they are all psychologically immature and unstable , relishing on mentally and sometimes physically abusing others . As a book it also has little about the social institutions of the period , the story takes place within two households , which eventually merged into one with a couple of -LRB- I would say incestuous -RRB- marriages . The characters are also not very believable -LRB- for example , how do they earn their living ? How did Heathcliff make his fortune in a short three years ? The author does not say -RRB- . They die far too easily from grief and anger . They have just one thing in mind
 actually , i did n't find this to be the book that it is pumped up to be . I braced myself for an exciting deep love story , tragic . . instead i was bored . The style was not for me , I found it difficult to read , and in the end was just plain dissappoited . Maybe my generation is too tained by TV , James Patterson and Danielle Steele for us to appreciate the finer works .
 I gave this one star , not because you can go no lower , but because it is well-written and has a coherent story line . Aside from that , however , I found it quite lacking . I personally found the story to be dreadful and unpleasant . I generally have no issue with unpleasant characters or unhappy endings , but aside from the writing style and Bronte 's ability to hold the story together in a clear manner I found nothing enjoyable about it , and pleasant or not books are meant to be enjoyed , elsewise you 're wasting your time .
 I did n't care for this book , I found it quite boring , although I had wanted to read it for years and never had the opportunity , it just was n't my kind of book .
 I found Wuthering Heights very difficult to read for many reasons . First of all it was hard to keep up with because the author jumped around to many differnet characters . Secondly , the old English used was hard to understand and having to jump back and forth to the foot notes made you lose your train of thought . It also was n't the type of story I though it would be . I had heard it was a love story between Heathcliff and Catherine but I did n't feel the love . If you like stories with old English then this is the book for you .
 I had to read this book for a research paper . It is one of the most boring books I have ever read . It may be classified as good literature , but is extremely boring if you want to read a book for fun . Skip this one .
 Feeling blue ? Just read this and roar with laughter . This is little more than a Victorian soap opera -- probably one of the worst novels I have ever read . It starts out fine , but mid way through I am reduced to guffaws -LRB- and this state of hilarity has occured every time I have attempted to read this novel over the past 30 years -RRB- . The prose is overwrought and the characters ... for the life of me I am unable to explain other readers ' adoration of either Heathcliff or Cathy . If you want spooks and atmosphere and Brontes , read Jane Eyre instead . It 's far superior .
 If one did not know it was the famed `` Wuthering Heights '' - and read this book , I 'm sure he would have thought it was a script for morning soap opera . Not only the story is highly unbelievable , it 's way to melodramatic and disturbing . It 's a good writing on Bronte 's part but it is not a good story . If the book had not been written in such a descriptive and well-fabricated style , this would have been considered as a trashy women 's romantic novel . You can tell it 's written by a woman after all .
 This book is an absolute mess . It 's told in the first person by different narrators but as I was bored and so unfocused a lot of the time I was sometimes not sure who was narrating . Heathcliffe the ` hero ' was annoying and in some ways pathetic and the heroine Cathy seemed like a spoiled brat . I did n't like the use of dialect either - It 's a lot easier to read English as it should be written and imagine an accent to it rather than see these strange alien words in print . What an absolute mess of a book , I ca n't believe all the praise I see heaped on it .
 I was very pleased with the book , `` Wurthering Heights '' and the service in sending it to me . THank you .
 As a leading light in the local branch of Family Values For A Free America , I have made it my business to unmask liberal filth wherever I can find it.To this end , I have vigilantly made my way , marker pen in hand , through the works of the Marquis De Sade , Anais Nin and Terry Pratchett.However , rarely have I found a work with such an unpleasant tendency as this . Yet from what I understand this pernicious book is taught by the liberal elite in our nation 's colleges . We must carry on the fight to protect young minds !
 While cultural pundits try to convince you that some literature is better than other literature , the truth is that all art is relative to individial tastes . Thus , it does n't make any sense to think that a novel like this one is really any better than say , Michael Crichton or Stephen King . Aesthetic standards ca n't be grounded.Thus , do n't listen to anyone who tries to distinguish between `` serious '' works of literature like this one and allegedly `` lesser '' novels . The distinction is entirely illusory , because no novels are `` better '' than any others , and the concept of a `` great novel '' is an intellectual hoax .
 For starters , with apologies to women-studies majors everywhere , Emily Bronte was a generally weak woman in poor health who wrote stilted poetry and a horrible novel - Wuthering Heights . Far from being the romanticized feminine icon she is portrayed to be today , the real Emily Bronte was a very lonely and timid young woman who lived 39 years on this planet and accomplished nothing - leaving behind no friends or family to mourn her short time on this earth . She WAS however a precursor to the modern liberal movement in that she too lived in a fantasy world , the only difference being Ms. Bronte actually named her 's . She called it `` Gondal '' - and described it as a magical place where everything worked out just the way Emily liked and no one could say or do anything she did n't agree with . Yes , this the hero of feminism ... If ONLY there had been a literary critic in Gondal , we might have been spared the Wuthering Heights ! I usually enjoy `` classics , '' those books that , as Clements so astutely pointed out , everyone wants to have read but no one wants to read . But Wuthering Heights ? Ach - I hate this book with a passion . The characters are almost all either pathetic , melodramatic , overly hateful , stupid , incredibly annoying , or some combination thereof . Women have a strange tendency to have babies with no prior warning . Live dogs are randomly hung from hooks , apparently to die . And the plot becomes ridiculously predictable once the simple premise is accepted that the hero has no redeeming qualities whatsoever . It was an awful , hateful book - I spent almost the whole time hoping the characters would die of syphilis so I would n't have to read about them whining all the time . On the plus side - Wuthering Heights could make a good movie ... if they totally changed the dialogue ... and reworked the characters completely . Basically , they would have to film an entirely different movie and just keep the setting -LRB- and the name -RRB- the same . By the time I finished the book I wanted to take my soldering torch and burn it . My only fear was that if I did , Catherine might be resurrected and proclaim her love for Heathcliff profusely as the book burns away . Actually , that would have been a better ending to the story . Alas I suppose I 'll just end up using the book as a clay pigeon .
 If you do n't know anything about Emily Bronte or you do n't like her style of literature , then I would warn you to stay away from this and look up one of the many other classics like `` Picture of Dorian Gray '' or `` Frankenstein '' . Here 's why : Confusing -- Several characters all share the same/similar names which sometimes makes it confusing.Unsympathetic characters -- I felt that Heathcliff was such a total jerk that he did n't deserve any sympathy whatsoever . So that made it hard for me to sympathize with the woman who loved him , which in turn forced me to reject the concept of this being a love story . Even the most vile villans of all time usually exhibit one small redeeming quality . I felt that Healthcliff did n't and thus I did n't care what happened to him or his love interest.Boring -- Nothing good happens.If you like Emily Bronte nothing I say here will change your mind , but if you do n't or are reluctant , then stay away from this one .
 Well as if the Nineteenth Century were n't bad enough we now have Penguin shoving it down our maws every other day with another re-issue of some tepid `` classic . '' Miss Bronte has done it again and wielded her magic pen as a wand and cast her net of sleep on the unsuspecting reading public of America . The only consolation the non-preteen girl reader can get form this sack of slumber is the final realisation that `` wuthering '' is British slang for `` your eyelids are getting heavy , why do n't you just nod off ? '' I really have to say to Miss Bronte that I did not find Garfield 's antics convincing in the least .
 I know this is a classic loved by many . I , however , did not enjoy reading it . I read it through to the end , but it was tough . I did not like any of the characters except for Nelly , & Cathy -LRB- the daughter -RRB- . When the dialogue was of Joseph , it was extremely difficult to read . I had to force myself to read it aloud just to figure out what he was saying . I do n't like to work that hard when reading a book . For its time , I know it was a grand book . The writing was fine , but it was depressing and almost all the characters too flawed for my taste .
 Brilliantly written ; I 'll give the novel that much . The plot masterfully contrived , characters well developed , settings enigmatically constructed , the novel as a whole was from a literary standpoint a success . However , the language is consistently dark throughout . The wording carries heavy negative overtones and a depressed , pessimistic and even evil mood pervades from the first to the end . Relief from the darkness finally breaks through only in the end when one character steps beyond herself and assists another in elevating himself . Otherwise , bitterness and selfish ambition drive the story . The depravity runs rampant from bad to worse as characters systematically use , degrade , and abuse one another to work out their bitterness stemming from one father 's mistakes and failed parenting.If you love unique , dark characters , twisted plots , and the study of the effects of family dysfunction on a multigenerational level than the novel will not only be worthwhile , but also enjoyable as few would disagree with Emily Bronte 's genius as a writer . However , I would caution that the book might not best be read in the dead of winter or over a prolonged rainy spell as it is rather depressing . But on a sunny , warm day , with ample positive diversions , the novel may not only be a challenging companion , it will likely make you very thankful for the companions you personally have that are altogether so unlike the characters in the story .
 It was very hard for me to get into this story . The words were very old-fashioned , and some scenes seemed to go on for a long time . I thought it had a good plot , but I really only liked the first half . It took me a long time to finish this , and when I finally did , I felt that it ended abruptly .
 I just ca n't past the boring words to understand the plot . There is this guy who wants to take revenge on everyone , but he loves this one girl , that he ca n't have , and he marries this other girl to get her money . What is going on here ? It sounds like a season of All My Children or any other day-time soap opera . Maybe everyone from the Heights and the Grange should appear on Jerry Springer and fight it out . Needless to say , I did not like the gypsy orphan and the bratty little princess whining about everything that came their way . I bet Geraldo could get them to confront each other about thier problems .
 If one wants to be bored into tears , one should invest in this unreasonably terrible . The only thing I liked about it was the fact that it cured my sleep deprivation problem . At the end of the book , nothing has happened other than a bunch of funerals . I may be young and stupid but I believe that I am advanced enough to know the work of a inept writer . You can cast my opinion away because my young age , but from `` See Spot Run '' to `` King James ' Bible '' there has never been a book so gargantuously horrible .
 Bronte does no follow up on any characters and leaves us grasping at what the meaning of all the action . For example , someone will get married and then Bronte just leaves it at that . Just because they fight with each other later on merely shows that self absorbed people do n't get along . Dear Bronte , if you 're going to write a book , add more to the characters and do n't just state the obvious . Also , why did you include that dream about Cathy Linton in the beginning and not have any more supernatural stuff later ? You should involve the supernatural and not just mention or include it . One star is generous
 Set on the moors , it is a pity that the Hound of the Baskervilles did n't get 'em . This would have saved a lot of characters a lot of grief.An orphan is taken in , and the problems start there as he grows up , has his own problems and inflicts them on others.The great detective has something to say about such places : `` But look at these lonely houses , each in its own fields , filledfor the most part with poor ignorant folk who know little of the law . Think ofthe deeds of hellish cruelty , the hidden wickedness which may go on , year in , year out , in such places , and none the wiser . Had this lady who appeals to usfor help gone to live in Winchester , I should never have had a fear for her . Itis the five miles of country which makes the danger . ''
 OK , I 'm not an absolute fan of Victorian Era novels , and never will be , but I am a lover of classic literature . I read this book as a Freshman in High School , and let me tell you , unless you want something to prop up a wobly table -LRB- and with abouuut 400 pages , it does a very good job -RRB- , do n't even consider buying this wretched novel . I 'd rather read Jane Eyre again before even attempting to read this terrible piece of literature . If you want something from the Victorian Era , go grab Sense and Sensibility , that at least makes some sense . For the love of all that is Holy , though , do n't buy this book !
 I was expecting something in the vein of Jane Eyre when I began to read this book . I was sorely disappointed . True , the violent love between Heathcliff and Catherine is heartwrenching ; however , the most difficult part of this novel for me was that there was no character that was lovable , or sympathetic . Just when I started to think that Heathcliff was not so bad after all , he would commit another shocking deed of horrific cruelty . Catherine was just annoying . I also found the plot hard to follow , what with a third person telling the story , and then swinging back to first person narrative . If you want a really powerful , uplifting love story , read Jane Eyre , or The Blue Castle by L.M. Montgomery .
 For someone who spent her whole life in a churchyard , Emily Bronte had an astonishing amount of imagination ... but , why waste it on this horribly pathetic , melodramatic garbage ? I read it when I was thirteen , did n't like it , and was forced to read it again in high school . Do yourself a favor and read Jane Eyre instead .
 Wuthering Heights great example of mid-18th century literature but lacks the hook needed to engage the reader . The overly dramatic love scenes and long drawn out sections provide the periods of ennui . The characters are poorly developed , and the lack of minor characters leaves the reader wandering . The novel seems to start off sluggishly , and then it picks up , only to be followed by the slowness again . If anything , Wuthering Heights shows the destructiveness of love and revenge through the character Heathcliff . The novel seemed to be one long drawn out soap opera , where the characters rarely changed and new characters were rarely added . Overall , this novel does not meet the adoration that it is constantly given .
 And just why would Ms. Bronte write a book with not a single likeable character ? In fact , everyone in the novel would be rejected by Jerry Springer as being too degenerate for his show . No doubt the writing is facile enough , but by page 5 , the story itself descends into what has to be the most turgid potboiler imagineable . It 's all there
 What a waste of time , precious time in my life that I will never be able to get back . The only good part was the end when I tossed the book into the fireplace and watched it burn .
 Possibly the most uninspiring and redundant book I 've ever read , Wuthering Heights is inundated with Emily Bronte 's so-called unique style . It 's style is unique alright , if by unique you mean a brand new alternative form of euthanasia . Nevermind the fact that Bronte 's `` paragraphs '' , which are actually composed of one or two extremely long sentences , have superfluous clauses slapped on top of each other repeatedly . The syntax of these sentences is not stiff or constipated , but in fact , it is just the opposite . It is more like the imbibement of heavy laxatives , and the resulting inducement of loose and watery diarrhea that runs across the pages , unpredictable in its rampant tides that sends everyone over the hills . When do the prepositional phrases stop Emily ? When ? Unfortunately , this was a book that I was required to read for school , and I managed to read a grand total of half of the book before I shut it , never to bother it again . However , what do I know , I 'm just a high school student that is just following his personal intuitions about Wuthering Heights . For a more thought-provoking and relevant book in modern-day society , go read George Orwell 's 1984 . You 'd be surprised at how its content trumps the romantic trainwreck that is the brainchild of Emily Bronte .
 I have to say it
 I do n't know what people see in this book . I found it irritating from the start -- all the characters are thoroughly unlikeable . After slogging my way through a quarter of the book , I found I still could n't care less what happened to these people.The writing is also painfully verbose and florid . For a better story , I would have been willing to cope with it , but here it was just another reason to put the book down and never pick it up again .
 Of all the things committed to paper , why on Earth was it this ? Having been forced to read this tripe under penalty of death in high school , and then once again in college , I must say that death is welcome . Oh poor poo-poo Heathcliff the Brooding and Catherine the ill fated strumpet . Yawn . Emily Bronte lived one of those lives like that of the other Emily , you know , Dickenson , who is another pile of rubbish altogether . Lonely days and cold nights with her father , and no hot little encounters with a horny gardener from Spain . All Emily Bronte needed was a good tango , but I fear that she was too chaste . And so the world must bear the weight of this tragedy , of its endless reprints which will mark the end of Time . Of course you can love this book and curl up with it at night as if it were your secret lover , or teddy bear , -LRB- Even if your teddy bear is your secret lover . -RRB- and listen to that song by Michael Penn , or whoever wrote that piece of yack . I do n't care . I believe that this book sucks , and it is not worthy of being in the Canon . It should be banished to the realm of Cheesy Teeny-Bopperazzi Romance Goo in the back of a used book store somewhere in Northern Alberta .
 I was put through this ` book ' when studying Higher English . It is undoubtedly the single worst piece of literature I have ever had to read . What is worse that I had to read it twice , take notes , answer questions , memorize quotes , and in 9 days am sitting an exam in which it will feature rather heavily . You can not truly hate a book until you have studied it in detail . The problem with it is the fact that about half the words in the book are adjectives . E. Bronte spends so long lavishing useless and totally superfluous descriptions on every scene that I dozed off and missed any point that the events may have had . Then there is Heathcliff , who actually does very little , but merely has circumstances favour him about a dozen times - and he 's supposed to be one of the most evil characters ever ? The rest of the characters are not much better - they are flat and predictable , although I ca n't imagine why anyone would be interested enough to wonder about what 's going to happen . By the end , I was wondering if I 'd fallen asleep and missed the climax - which would have been possible - but I could account for every excruciating page and therefore I can only conclude that the trivial , unsurprising non-events that the narrative lurched between were supposed to be climactic . If this is a classic story , then so is an eight-page picture book that 's only strength is very detailed - but not well-drawn - pictures . Please feel free to send me mail to argue about my review .
 I began reading -- `` though you may n't believe it , '' to quote Lewis Carroll 's Mock Turtle -- at the age of 1 and 9 months . Since then I have read literally thousands of books . And of them all , `` Wuthering Heights '' is my least favorite . The characters are so unpleasant and cruel to each other that reading the book is a seemingly endless nightmare . It seems that almost everyone in the story eventually dies some physically or psychologically horrible death , and the two major characters other than the two first-person narrators get engaged to each other at the end in an attempt to give the book a bizarre happy ending . About the only good thing about the book is its intriguing narrative structure , in which a man sets down in his diary a long first-person narrative told him by a woman who sometimes repeats briefer stories told her in the first person by others , such as Catharine . Even this , though , is rendered irritating by the fact that the diarist is such an boring and annoying character . I would never have continued reading this book beyond the first few chapters had it not been a school assignment , and I felt a greater sense of relief when I finished it than on any other occasion in my life . To quote what C. S. Lewis once wrote on the last page of a book he had read -LRB- I forget which one -RRB- , `` Never again . ''
 Do n't buy this book without reading carefully the description . If this `` style '' of publishing were useful or relevant we would see it proffered by better publishing houses than `` Bed Books '' . This is indeed the stupidest purchase I have ever made and I fully intend to seek a refund .
 I hated every character in this book , it was tough to make it through , because they were all spoiled little brats
 I disliked this book thoroughly -- it was completely different from what I thought it would be . I could n't even find a character that LIVED that I liked and was rooting for . By the end , I really disliked them all . If you are looking for a nice romantic read like Jane Eyre or Emma or Persuasion then DO N'T read this book . I am sure it is classical literature and makes a nice commentary on society , but as I was not reading this for an English class , I would n't know about any of that . I was not analyzing it , I wanted to read it for fun but did n't enjoy it at all .
 I know it 's a classic , and I appreciate that it 's well written ; however , the characters are just not awful , especially the protagonist .
 I call this the worst book ever , but that 's largely an assumption on my part . Perhaps an extrapolation . I have not read all of the books ever written . But this book is horrid.If you are a tween girl , this might be a good book for you , though . If your dream fella is one of those dark and broody types , the kind that seems mysterious but turns out to be just a basic kind of jerk . It 's a shame that some people find this book romantic . The dark , disturbed guy in this book is called Garfield and he 's a lousy person.If you like this time period for fiction , you should try Anne Bronte . She wrote two fantastic books . But avoid Charlotte Bronte . She , too , is a terrible writer.Full disclosure
 I am reading Wuthering heights in preparation for and AP English course , and am finding it to be the most tedious book I have ever read . I used to think that Hemingway 's Old Man and the Sea dragged , but i was sadly mistaken . This book is a drawn out and dreary affair . I have enjoyed `` classic '' literature in the past but this is unworthy of being dubbed `` classic '' . I would never reccomend this book to another living person , but maybe I 'm just and `` immature '' reader .
 Hi there , it 's me again with another ` Classic ' . You probably do n't know I recently made a resolution to read some of the ` Classics ' . I had avoided them successfully for decades and then decided that perhaps I was missing out on some really great stories . So , I carefully selected some novels that sounded like great ` Classics ' to read . ` Wuthering Heights ' , ` Pride and Prejudice ' and ` Jane Eyre ' rose to the top of the list.They all sounded like fabulous stories , everyone raves about them , the book jackets make them sound like the absolute be all end all for engaging fiction . And maybe they are for the vast majority of people , but not me . Jane Eyre being the exception of the three.I did LOVE ` Jane Eyre ' , love , love , loved it . However my strong feeling for both ` Pride and Prejudice ' and ` Wuthering Heights ' swing dramatically in the complete opposite direction.I really strongly disliked -LRB- okay , I hated -RRB- almost everything about Wuthering Heights . I thought the characters were absolutely horrid and rotten , the only exception being the innocent and unrelated tenant , Mr. Lockwood , who Ellen Dean tells this awful tale to.The relationships were completely dysfunctional , violent , abusive and destructive . I can not comprehend how this came to be called `` one of the most romantic novels of all time '' . I have no idea who said that but in my opinion whoever it was should have their head examined . If this is what people call romantic it is no wonder that 1 in 2 of all marriages fail.Perhaps , I have some sort of completely unrealistic expectations when it comes to the classics and my expectations set me up for failure ... ? Perhaps . But I am going to stop searching out any more ` Classics ' for the time being.One more hostile note that some of you will appreciate . I swear I wanted to cudgel the servant Joseph who spoke in a northern dialect and could only be understood by reading the notes to the text in the back of the book.I would have to place this book at the top of a list for ` Most Likely to Create Hatred of English Literature ' .
 If you do n't know anything about Emily Bronte or you do n't like her style of literature , then I would warn you to stay away from this and look up one of the many other classics like `` Picture of Dorian Gray '' . Here 's why : Confusing -- Several characters all share the same/similar names which sometimes makes it confusing.Unsympathetic characters -- I felt that Heathcliff was such a total jerk that he did n't deserve any sympathy whatsoever . So that made it hard for me to sympathize with the woman who loved him , which in turn forced me to reject the concept of this being a love story . Even the most vile villans of all time usually exhibit one small redeeming quality . I felt that Healthcliff did n't and thus I did n't care what happened to him or his love interest.Boring -- Nothing good happens.If you like Emily Bronte nothing I say here will change your mind , but if you do n't or are reluctant , then stay away from this one .
 i dont know if i would love or hate this book because i couldnt read it because im not the best reader and have to sound things out sometimes and i couldnt understand half the words on the first page alone and so i had to keep looking in the dictionary half the time to under stand and so i gave up and deleted the book but other people tell me its a good book i just coldnt understand it i hope other people like it
 Wow ! I read tons of books , love classic literature , have eclectic tastes and I am a very passionate person ... I can definitely get into the dark , forbidden romance thing & have definitley felt love sweet love !! I actually , usually enjoy ... to absolutely love what I read ... I have to say that This was I think my least favorite , the worst book I have ever read ... probably in my life . Strange how things hit us just a certain way . I found all of the characters despicable , and love story ? where was it ? I felt nothing for or between any of these sickos . I could go on in detail about why I feel this way but basically it was just Pathetic ...
 Maybe it 's just me but this was SOOOOOOOOOO boring . I read the first 50 or so pages and had to put it down . Too many characters were introduced and the story was lost almost immediately . I know it 's a classic and I know I 'm supposed to revere the writers of old , but this was a waste of time . Nothing against Bronte , just not my cup of tea . Stephen King said if a writer does not hook you in the first twenty pages , move on ! I did .
 Sadly , I could n't even finish it . It is well written and interesting but it is depressing in the extreme . I read about half and I had to stop reading it and start reading a more uplifting story.I was expecting something closer to her sister 's Jane Eyre , oh how wrong I was .
 Wuthering Heights is supposed to be a story about forbidden love , right ? Well , it is to a point ... but mostly it is just depressing . They both die near the end and they never get married . She marries an entirely different man , and after she dies he basically goes crazy with sadness . This story is extremely confusing , as well as slightly boring at times . It is hard to understand because of the time frame it is supposed to be in.This book is probably not for young readers , because of the difficult vocabulary and small print . It was hard for me to understand , so i can imagine what it would be like for , say , a ten year old . I do not recommend this book to someone who has a short attention span , because it is hard to follow and hard to get into . If you , by chance , like older literature and are good at comprehending , go for it ! But it is not the best choice for someone who is used to reading newer , easier reads . Wuthering Heights is defiantly not a thriller .
 Heathcliff is a fierce , pitiless , wolfish man inside and out . His character makes this an interesting story . But , it was a little tedious to read.Margo , a former college professor , enlightened me with some thoughts on the book which I am quoting here . This is from her comment below dated 2/4/09 . `` Younger readers are fans of the story because they see in it the tumultuous passions of lovers obstructed by `` outsiders . '' I think they `` get it . '' My college students love it because they are mesmerized by the slow , agonizing destruction of one of the lovers as he takes his vengeance . '' Thank you Margo.Sexual language
 Perhaps the author , Emily Bronte , had the need to write an anti-Jane-Austin story , because this sure qualifies . This tale of interleaved sociopaths is the antithesis of Jane Austin . The people of Quality and Breeding are all mentally disturbed , only the female servant is with sense -LRB- she declares herself so in Volume I , chapter 12 , page 1 -RRB- . Given the continuum
 After reading Jane Eyre by Charlotte Bronte , I was looking forward to reading this work of her sister 's . I was mortally disappointed . It was like an extremely bad soap opera , with pointless obsessions and passions ruling the lives of the characters with an iron grip . With pathetic , dying lovers , doom , and desperation , it has no redeeming virtues .
 I 'm sorry but I just did not like this book . It feels sloppily written at times and sometimes I wonder if she wrote the book just to compete with her sister -LRB- hey you never know -RRB- . The only thing that I can compliment this book on is it 's character development , by the end of the book -LRB- if you can stand to read the whole thing -RRB- you feel like you know them personally .
 While I know this is considered a great Classic Romance , I failed to see the romance or the greatness . I decided to read this because I had never done so . I regretted that decision within three chapters . I was determined to finish it to find the wonder of this work that I had heard so much about . I failed to find it in all of it 's almost 400 pages . It was a tedious read and nowhere near the great romance I was led to believe . While the last few pages were a payoff , they were not worth the torture of the previous ones .
 I was under the impression that I had ordered an actual book . I wrote the seller who provided a link for an e-copy of the book . I appreciated the offer but my daughter needed the actual book for English class in school . Be aware of what you are ordering - if you want the actual book , verify that is what you ordered .
 I have no memory of Northern England late 1700 's . I do n't no if characters such as Heathcliff or the younger Linton actually could exist . But this whole story is so unbelievable that it goes way beyond fiction . Not only that but one of the basic requisites of any successful novel , or movie for that matter , is to have at least one character that the audience likes or will root for . There is not one character in this book that I pulled for . Not one that I wanted to see come out on top . I just finished this book so maybe my viewpoint will change with time -LRB- in five months will this novel have any impact on me -RRB- but for the time being this hardly rates as a `` classic ''
 I was not assigned this book in English class or anywhere else - I decided to read it out of my own initiative . I LOVED -LRB- became slightly obsessed -RRB- with Jane Eyre and figured this might fall in the same category . Unfortunately , I was very wrong.The writing is so utterly dull . I can not understand where this great love comes from between Catherine and Heathcliff - they are just in `` love '' and we are supposed to believe it . Maybe I would have enjoyed it more if it was not told by Nelly 's accounts , whom I find extremely annoying , overly motherly and controlling for a servant . I felt no sympathy for any of the characters and just wished they would all die already , as seemed to be the prevalent theme throughout the novel.I also found it somewhat disturbing how easily people married their first-cousins back in those days . I get it - it 's the 1800s , but really does Cathy have to go from marrying one first cousin to the next ? Is there no one else in this town that she is not related to ?! I was really hoping to enjoy this book - especially considering this is such a `` classic '' . But I find myself underwhelmed and wonder if people have just not picked up better books in their lives to find more interesting . I 'm just glad I got this as a free download and did not waste a cent on it .
 This book is nothing special . I personally do n't see why everyone considers this to be a masterpiece . First off I ca n't see how Bronte can turn such a stupid story into a 300 page novel . Another thing that bothered me was the narrative . The story was almost completely told in flashback and that flashback often broke into another flashback and a couple of time broke off into a third flashback . Another thing that was bad was the referce to the characters . One sentence she wold call Isabella Mrs. Linton then she would call Catherine Mrs. Linton also . Same situation with Mr. Heathcliff and Linton Heathcliff . Not to mention the fact that there were two Catherines which just added to the unproffesionalism of this book . What the heck was Joespeph saying !!!! Overall I believe reading this book was a complete waste of time and I would defenantly not recommend this book to anyone else . If you are looking for an enjoyable book from that era I strongly suggest you read Jane Erye by Emily 's more competent sister Charlotte .
 All I could think about when reading this novel is what character am I supposed to be interested in . My answer was none of them . I could not stand anyone of the main characters , and began to rejoice in anything negative that happened to them . Maybe I was supposed to feel that way . In any circumstance I would not say it was an enjoyable read .
 I read this book years ago after reading Jane Eyre . This is nothing like Jane Eyre or Pride and Prejudice . It does not have the spirite or the heart of those two books . For years I tried to figure out what was wrong with me that I should not love such a classic . But now that I am more mature and a more seasoned reader ; ... It just is not to my taste . Sometimes I like books that others do not and sometimes others like books that I dont . This book lacks the hope and sense of awe for life that I desire in a novel . For me the hero and herroine must be worthy of my time and attention . Something good in them must prevail . That just does n't happen here . This story is really sad because it is a love story writen by a woman who never know what it was like to love and be loved in return . IF she had she would never have writen this abusive version of love . But you know as well as i do that some women truely belive that abuse is love . So like I say to each his own.P.S . Read The Tenant of Wildfell Hall By Ann Bronte instead . It shows the real face of an abusive relationship with a happy ending . Her characters are realistic and true heros of their lives .
 The story is the same and just as wonderful as it has always been . I bought the CD version for a car trip , and was extremely disappointed in the narration . It was read rapidly , and without pause . I found that , even though I know the story well , I could hardly keep up ! I have several other books on CD , and have not had this problem . Too bad ... it was a waste of money , and a long boring car trip !
 I read this book last year for my AP English class . That was the ONLY reason that I finished this book . It was a huge task just to finish a page of Wuthering Heights ; it was almost impossible to complete it . I enjoy characters that I can care about . I like to be able to really feel like I want something for a character . If that happens , then I want to finish the book ; I want to know what happens to the character . I found with Wuthering Heights I hated Catherine and Heathcliff . I wanted them to die . I was supposed to be sad when things went wrong in their lives , but instead I was so happy . They were selfish , cruel , horrible people and I wanted them to DIE ! Was I really supposed to like these selfish people ? Since when is love a selfish thing ? This is supposed to be a marvelous love classic , but where is the love ? Love is n't just about what makes oneself feel good . Love is a kind , caring , sharing thing . Catherine and Heathcliff were selfish , cruel people . They deserved each other simply because they would make each other miserable .
 I 'm not ashamed to admit that a good half of my personal library is comprised of classical novels and plays and that I read them because I genuinely LIKE them.You heard me right . I LIKE them . I read them for ENTERTAINMENT , not because they were assigned reading in classes -LRB- although I 've made `` friends '' with a great title or two via that route as well -RRB- . The Bronte sisters ' novels enjoy love and hate from readers . I do n't think there 's a soul who just feels lukewarm about their works . I 've read a couple and liked and kept most of them . `` Wuthering Heights '' stands out to me as one of the WORST novels I 've ever read in my ENTIRE LIFE . Given the number of novels I 've read in my entire life that 's saying a lot.WH is very well-written . Emily Bronte CAN write . Style/technique is n't the issue . What is the issue is her abysmal failure to engage the reader because of her deplorable characters.Heathcliff and Catherine are frequently cited as one of the `` power couples '' of literature along with Rhett & Scarlett , Romeo & Juliet , Antony & Cleopatra , etc. . They may be kindred spirits but there is none of their behaviors ever signifies they know a thing about love.Catherine Earnshaw is n't even an interesting character . She is a charming , selfish and silly young woman who fulfills the Victorian stereotype of choosing `` a good match '' over wild love on the moors with Heathcliff . This may have been the sanest thing she did . Maybe she recognized H 's bizarre fixation on her as unwholesome and knew she 'd never live up to it in reality.A lot of women get swooney over Heathcliff as a sort of alpha-male anti-hero . I 'm female and I CA N'T STAND this guy ! He is n't alpha , he 's WEAK as skimmed milk.How psychologically disturbed is he , let me count the ways . Inferiority complex , obsessive attachment to uninterested female -LRB- Cathy turned him down whatever her `` real feelings '' might have been -RRB- that borders upon incest -LRB- they 're not blood kin but they are raised together -RRB- ; inability to `` forget the one that got away '' and MOVE ON ; child abuse/neglect with clearly murderous intentions ; wife/spousal abuse ; kidnapping and coerced marriage and even theft of personal assets ... Give me a break this is no alpha male , this is a psychopathic CRIMINAL!If you sigh and say , `` Oh but he did this all because he LOVED Catherine ! '' I will slap you . Truly I will.A REAL alpha male would be broken-hearted by the rejection of his `` true love '' ... then he would have moved forward and continued with his life and discovered `` true love '' -LRB- as in love that was returned to him without bizarre psychological games -RRB- . Heathcliff is a loser in every sense of the word . If Heathcliff were alive today he 'd be in jail or hospitalized as `` criminally insane '' .
 So I know that this is considered a classic book , I just assumed that meant it was supposed to be a good read . I can not tell you how many times I just wanted to kill the main characters and be done with it . I only finished reading the book just to see if it EVER got any better . Also the writing of the local dialect of one of the characters I could not understand a single word . I hope that his converstions were not pivital to the plot point because I had to keep skipping every part in the book because I had no idea what he was saying . All I can say is Catherine needs to grow up and Heathcliff needs to get a life . Classic , yeah right !
 One of my favorite teachers told me this was her favorite book . She must have gotten something different out of it . I mostly despised the main characters , especially Heathcliff . The best part of the book is the last 20 pages when the daughter finally finds happiness but the rest was almost unbearable .
 It took me a long time to get around to reading Wuthering Heights , and I have to admit , it was a slog . It 's not that I have anything against novels from that time period ; I count Jane Eyre and the works of Jane Austen among my favorite books . But Wuthering Heights did not live up to its reputation . The characters were universally unlikeable and unsympathetic . The story was meandering and ultimately unfulfilling . And the `` love story '' - more of a story of unreasonable obsession - did not move me . So count me among the few who did not fall in love with this novel .
 When I ordered this book , the `` Bed Book '' was not clarified very clearly or I missed the point of what the bed book meant . It is a difficult reading posture for me maybe for another , it will be five stars .
 I usually stay away from classics since most likely I wo n't like it at all , but since I like romance and heard that Wuthering Heights is a great classic story , I decided to give it try.I just do n't see how can this be a great classic romance story . There was hardly any romance . The characters are n't likeable that I just wanted them to just die basically . The whole story was just so boring and had this dark depressing feeling to it , which basically is the main point of the story.This will be the first and last time that I will read Wuthering Heights . Good thing I downloaded the book for free and did n't spend a penny on it .
 I thought Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland was what the Disney movie was based on , and Through the Looking Glass was another adventure she had . But that is not the case here . The Disney movie version is based on a combination of both books . I think this is important to mention , as it will hardly be like the movie version we all know.I love the movie -LRB- both the 1951 Disney classic and the new Tim Burton version -RRB- and figured I would love the book as well , but this book screwed with me . I have always had a vivid imagination , but never non-sensical imagination . That is exactly what Mr. Carroll had when he wrote this book . The book does , however , contain many of the beloved movie characters - the caterpillar , the white rabbit , Queen of Hearts , Mad Hatter , Dormouse , and of course , the Cheshire cat.Overall , the two stories amused me and kept me entertained , but I would not read them again . I am glad to have read them , though , as Alice 's tale is a classic one .
 `` Alice in Wonderland '' was required reading for one of my present classes , if this had not been the case , I 'm certain I would not have finished it for the sake of enjoyment . I admit this story has good points as well as bad ; it would not have survived nearly so long if it did not . In my opinion , however , the good did not outweigh the bad.One of the strong points of this story is familiarity ; the vast majority of us have had some experience with this book , usually as a child ; we have heard the story , read a condensed version or seen a film or television portrayal . We have seen little girls dress up like Alice on Halloween ; and who does n't personally know The White Rabbit , The Cheshire Cat or the Queen of Hearts ? Perhaps there 's a degree of nostalgia that comes from revisiting these old childhood friends.In addition to being familiar , this story also has the charming quality of feeling as if it had been pulled directly out of a child 's imagination . By that , I mean it does n't follow the rules that have been set up by adults , either scientific or social . So , if you fall down a well shaft in Wonderland , not only are you likely to live , you may also be able to examine the trinkets placed on the shelves , perhaps even get in a few winks as you fall.In this book , nothing is what it seems -LRB- unless you are familiar enough with the story -RRB- ; a baby may mutate into a pig and run off snorting ; a couple of card soldiers may spend an afternoon painting white roses red in order to avoid losing their heads , this is all perfectly normal in Wonderland . Perhaps it is even this strange quality that has made this story so popular . It was n't enough for me however , to make up for what it lacks . This book did n't move along purposefully enough for me to enjoy it or care what happened next . It also had a strange dream-like quality and I do n't mean surreal or day-dreamy . It was dream-like because it was a jumble of random scenes that did n't really interrelate . We often fill in the gaps when we retell our dreams so in that they make sense to us and frankly so that they are worth telling to someone else . This is the impression that I had of Alice in Wonderland ; unstructured and random . The only real goal of the main character was to follow the white rabbit and even that failed as a motive fifty percent of the time . Alice is simply moved haphazardly through a sequence of strange encounters and then wakes up . Because of this , I did n't feel anticipation , I did n't hope for anything , and I did n't have any sense of closure when the story ended ; which are the elements that I feel make a story worth reading .
 Do n't buy the Kindle edition hoping to see the wonderful illustrations described in the product information . The Kindle edition is text only !
 I fully expected this book to be illistrated . obviously the reviews I read were for another publication . Without the trippy artwork , the book is just no fun to read .
 This purports to be a compilation of `` Alice '' , but in fact contains only the full text of `` Through the Looking Glass ''
 I was super sad when this book arrived :-LRB- The print was sooooo small that no one wanted to read it . When purchasing the book on Amazon there was no `` preview '' of the pages or inside of the book . I guess that I learned my lesson . I ended up purchasing a different Alice 's Adventures In Wonderland and Through the Looking Glass book so that we could read a book that had larger print . I was not happy with this book , and would not recommend it to anyone if you enjoy `` normal '' size print . This was really tiny !!!!! The book arrived in good shape and the shipping was satisfactory .
 I purchased this edition specifically because of the beautiful illustrations that were referenced in the Amazon review . I wanted to read it to my 6y . o. who NEEDS illustrations . There are none . Also , the print is very small , making it a bit of a task to read .
 I purchased this book because I was specifically lo0king for the sequel , Through the Looking-Glass . I already have `` Alice '' , and for free . This edition claims Looking Glass in its title , but only includes Alice . Do not be fooled . Get Alice for free and skip this misleading version .
 This mass market paperback edition of Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking Glass by Signet classics is MISSING A LINE on page 37 during the mouse 's poem . Another reviewer noted this as well . I do n't know why this edition has sold so well and garnered such positive reviews when there is an obvious error . I purchased it after reading that review and thinking he must be mistaken , but he is right , it is there .
 The pink flamingos are adorable , which makes it all the more disappointing when they start rubbing off from the second you remove the price sticker .
 I did receive my book within the time frame I was given . However , when I emailed them for a tracking number , I never heard a reply until now . It took 7 months to get the tracking number for my book . Although I did get my book , I am urging you to think twice before buying from this company . I value customer service very highly ; 7 months in unacceptable.NOTE
 `` Sublime nonsense '' - is the nutshell that this book is . It 's not cleverness - its just randomness disquised as cleverness . It just tosses a bunch of nothing together , shakes it up , mixes in a curious and rude little girl who 's rudeness pales next to the characters she encounters in Wonderland . Those thousand monkeys at typewriters would produce something along these lines before getting to Shakespeare . For some reason , I never read this when I was discovering Narnia or Oz . Ormondroyd 's `` David & the Phoenix '' has the spirit I expected to encounter in Caroll 's book . Instead - this book starts nowhere and ends nowhere . And perhaps that is the nonsense that some find pleasing . For me it was simply distracting . The whole idea of the world 's we create ourselves is a notion I have always been drawn to . Wonderland is n't even a world much less a persuasive daydream . Nothing there matters . And Alice just skips off at the end , leaving her sister to forecast a bit of standard drivel about the day when they will be grownups but always have their childhood inside . Meh .
 I ordered the Penguin Classics version of this book , and the seller shipped me the Signet Classics version .
 Ugh , I found both `` Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland '' & `` Through the Looking Glass '' to be thoroughly frustrating and painstaking to read . Both novels were way too wacky and filled with continuous , non-stop bizarre nonsense , that it became to distracting to read at times . There were several times that I had wanted to stop reading each novel , but persevered only because I wanted to see why these two novels are such beloved classics.However , I do n't understand why these two novels are so beloved . They are just too bizarre ... Was Lewis Carroll on some sort of drugs while writing these novels or what ?
 Ok , so everyone says that Alice in Wonderland was such a wonderful book , yes , yes , I am aware . But , I thought it was very confusing and all the characters were very stupid . I mean , it 's not even a book about anything . Sure , it 's trying to say that shes is growing up in the process of the dumb dream world but who cares?It was a bad way to write a story , or better yet it was a bad story to write about in the 1st place .
 I am sure this book must be beautiful but I never received it from this seller . They took the money out of my account and did not send me the book .
 I dont get why old books like these are called `` classics '' . I 've seen the cartoon as a kid and wanted to read the original book to see what made it so special . Now I know that its not special . Its a lot of nonsense , thats a little creative , but nothing that really takes you away from reality . A lot of the characters are unique , but only appear for a brief period and are n't fully developed -LRB- or even partialy -RRB- . Usually I 'm a bad critic because its easy for me to enjoy anything , but I 've had a tough time getting through this one , I dont even think its a good childrens book , they 'll say the same thing I do . BORING . Save the $ 3 and buy yourself a cup of coffee , you 'll find yourself more entertained with measuring out the sugar and cream and more satisfied to sip on that than to power through this .
 I bought this book for my wife . She loves it . It brings back old memories . Maybe when she is finished she will let me read it .
 This threadbare bargain-priced edition may seem like a deal , but consider before purchasing that it has no table of contents , no introduction , no forward , no illustrations , and no bibliography . Adding insult to injury , the layout of this edition is easily one the worst ever for a reprint , with all words that originally appeared in italics for emphasis printed here in big block caps , as if the typesetting was done by an abrasive kid trying to get attention in an on line chat ... IF YOU GET WHAT I MEAN.If you really want to explore and experience Lewis Carroll 's classic , getThe Annotated Alice
 Last week I downloaded the free version of Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland . All the poetry was missing from it . I did n't realize it right away until I got to the chapter with the Mock Turtle . So , I came across this version and it was very appealing because I thought I was getting both books for just 99 cents . At first I was mostly satisfied since I saw the poetry , but the formatting of the book was weird . There would be a line of text and then the next line would only have a couple words . Also , this download only has Alice in Wonderland . This review is supposed to be for `` Alice in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glasss '' , but after you download the book the cover says `` Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland '' . Somebody made a huge mistake somewhere and now I have to go buy Through the Looking-Glass .
 I was really disappointed when I received this item . Firstly , it is printed in a strange format . I think it 's 8.5 x11 . It basically looks like someone typed it up in MS Word and printed it out on standard printer paper , I could have done that . I chose to buy the book so it looked more like a book.Second , the intro page where the publisher shows off all their other work , a bunch of the titles have the f word in it . I would n't give this to kids to read.Very disappointed , but not sure if it 's worth sending back to Amazon . Probably just dump it in the trash .
 This is the least appealing edition of these two wonderful works that I 've ever beheld . Whoever would want them in typewritten form , on letter-size pages , lookinglike an official transcript of court proceedings ? No illustrations , either -- neither the classic Tenniel drawings nor any modern work . We ordered this for a gift to a child , but no child would give it a second glance . I ca n't imagine an adult reader reading it in this dull format , either . There is n't even a table of contents -- it 's just a solid mass of typewriting .
 The Kindle combined edition of Alice -LSB- 's Adventures -RSB- in Wonderland & Through the Looking Glass described here -LSB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0011U42V6/ref=yml_dp -RSB- has neither the Tenniel illustrations nor the annotations mentioned in the description . As you can get the books for your Kindle for free , it 's not worth getting the combo - even for 99 cents - without these features . That seems rather the point of purchasing it . -LRB- It was for me , anyway . -RRB-
 I really wish I 'd read the review of this kindle book before I purchased it . It is not Alice in Wonderland & Through the Looking glass but Alice in Wonderland ONLY . Very irritating.There is really nothing positive to say about this edition , the formatting is about par for a cheap kindle book . It 's manageable but disappointing . If I were reviewing `` Alice in wonderland '' then I may have given it a 3-star review but as it is was inappropriately titled the entire experience is a disappointment.I wish there was some way to preview Kindle editions -LRB- screenshots etc -RRB- before purchasing them . You can read sample chapters but in this situation it would not have revealed that this is really only Alice in Wonderland . But it was a bargain and such things are always a bit of a crapshoot .
 I am extremely disappointed in online version of this book . The formatting is poor and they have removed all the great illustrations . I want my money back .
 Do n't get me wrong , I LOVE Alice in Wonderland , and have from childhood . Rereading it made me more aware of the intoxicating dreamlike quality of the story line as well as the incredibly tongue-in-cheek writing style . BUT ... I was very disappointed to open it and find it contained NO illustrations whatsoever ! Reading A.I.W. without the John Tenniel drawings is like eating plain dry bread . I know the drawings by heart so I could imagine them , but it is n't the same . Also -- many many typos ! Avoid this edition ! I 'm going to order a different one right now .
 I ordered this book in `` NEW '' condition . It was far from that . It was to be a replacement for one that my daughter had misplaced from our local library . They would not even take it . Very frustrating .
 This marvelous book has become such a part of our culture that it 's impossible to separate the phenomenon from the actual work . And perhaps it 's folly to even try.I grew up with a hard backed copy of Alice in Wonderland and remember going through the pages countless times , gazing at the magnificent pictures -- especially the Jabberwock -- and giggling at the poetry . `` Father William '' and `` The Walrus and the Carpenter '' still occupy parts of my brain as snatches and shards that want to pop out at awkward moments.That battle worn , orange backed book , handed down I 'm pretty sure from my Dad , and read by him with equal enthusiasm when he was a kid , is long gone , and now that I 'm armed with a Kindle I downloaded a copy to enjoy a fine book from my youth . If it 's true that you ca n't go home again , it 's even more true that some books will never let you back in . This is one of them.I 'm not sure if the fantastic lives of fantasy and fiction that play out daily as hard news have diluted our ability to plunge unrestrained into a book like Alice in Wonderland , or if the book refuses to give up its virtues a second time for a plainer reason
 This is a review of the physical book published by Tribeca Books , not the stories about Alice written by Lewis Carroll . The book itself is not worth your money . The text and margins are very small and do not seem well centered on the page . The font is simple and ugly . The spine of the book is completely white and does n't have the title of the book or author listed . It may be superficial , but how do you recognize this book on a bookshelf ? Overall , the book is very cheap and thrown together . Get a nicer version that also has the original illustrations by John Tenniel .
 Unfortunately , this Kindle version is missing almost all of the illustrations , which are an integral part of the book . And the poetry is not formatted correctly and is in red on my iPad Kindle.Through the Looking Glass -LSB- Kindle Edition -RSB- by BLTC is the one you want .
 This review is not about the book itself , but about the $ 0.99 Kindle edition . Considering this book is in the public domain , I would expect to get an active table of contents for an edition I have to pay for . That 's not the case here , so watch out .
 This edition is missing a line ! Look on page 37 , in the `` Fury said to a mouse '' poem . It says `` I 'll be jury '' when the real line is supposed to be `` I 'll be judge , I 'll be jury '' ! What other mistakes have they made ?
 This is not a pretty edition . For a serviceable edition just to read the wonderful words of these stories and to have them together , it 's ok . The printing is dense and the quality of the paper is poor . The price is great . Not for a gift . Teresa
 I bought this volume because several of the reviews mentioned that there were illustrations by John Tenniel . Unfortunately I failed to read the small print
 It 's a fantastic book , of course , and it certainly does n't need me to praise it as millions have done before . It 's probably one of the most unique things ever written
 This is about the font size , NOT the content . Gardner 's comments are about a 5 pt . -LRB- i.e. , smaller than used by newspapers for legal notices -RRB- . Had I known , I would have gotten the hard back edition .
 I purchased the Penguin kindle edition in June 2012 . ASIN
 the layout on my kindle with the poems is dreadfull and not what i expect for a book i have purchased i will download free versions in the future
 STILL have not recieved product ! very disappointed where as this was supposed to be for a high school project in which now i STILL dont have the book to use and project is due very soon ! what is going on ?
 Have you ever read the book Alice in Wonderland ? Well if you have n't , `` Do n't '' . Overall it was n't that bad of a book , but it was extremely confusing . In my opinion this book could have been written a lot better . For example , it could have been alot less confusing and more realistic . The main reason I did n't exactly enjoy Alice in Wonderland was because it needed to be more happy , then unhappy . Here are some more reasons why you should not read this boring book . Alice in Wonderland could have been written a lot better . The author 's language usage was a bit hard to comprehend , like when the caterpillar was talking to Alice about a crocodile and when the cat was giving Alice directions . Also , the scenes were short and they jumped right into each other too quickly . Most of the animals were rude and mean to Alice . The flowers shooed her away , the queen tried to cut off her head and the cat was always making her angry by lying . Another part that did n't make any sense was the tea party , there 's no such thing aa a `` Very Merry Unbirthday '' . Also the Mad Hatter and the Hare would n't listen to Alice when she was trying to tell her story . All the creatures and animals kept Alice from what she was trying to do which was to follow the white rabbit . Alice met many , many creatures such as Tweedle Dee , Tweedle Dum , Do Do , Bill , Rabbit , Cat , Queen of Hearts , Caterpillar , Playing cards , Mad Hatter , Hare , Flowers , Pig and the Door Knob . This book made me just as frustrated and upset as it made Alice.I felt like I was in the book and I could feel all the confusion and nonsense going on . If I had to give my overall opinion of how good the book was I would give it 2 stars.So , in conclusion I would like to let everyone know that Alice in Wonderland was not worth reading , so do n't waste your time ! Go get yourself an interesting book to read !
 Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland was an extremely ridiculous and confusing book . The characters were mis leading and Alice was very annoying -LRB- from the little details I read throughout the book -RRB- . This book would be a good for fantasy lovers , but to me it was unrealistic and childish . Some of the things the characters said and did in the story were confusing and somewhat complicated . I do n't know if I would recommend this book to younger children because of its wording , but it was a child-like book and would attract young readers in a way . The writer writes in a unusual , seemingly `` old fashioned '' way . You could tell the book was n't written recently by the language usage . Alice is a young girl who is very bright and adventurous . On her way down to Wonderland , she meets alot of new characters . Some are decieving like the treaser cat but all of the very intresting and USUAL , such as the Mad Hater , The Queen of Hearts , etc. . The way the author worded things in the book , made me get confused and unintrested . I had no desire in reading it after the first few pages . I thought the book was far fetched , and seriously i would n't recommend this book to teens or children .
 I truly feel sorry for any child forced to read this book in school . Reading it as an adult was no better . It was possibly the most warped and perverse story I have ever read in my life . Most passages were pure nonsense while others lead the reader to wonder if Lewis Carroll had possibly tasted some of the mushrooms Alice came upon in her adventure . There are many other `` classics '' out there more enjoyable and logical than this one .
 I bought this edition because I was so horribly disappointed with the free version , which had no poetry . I wanted to be able to read the wonderful poems , like The Walrus and the Carpenter . However , this edition has no table of contents , and no index , which means I am unable to search for and go to the places in the book I am interested in . This makes it useless to me . Once again , I am horribly disappointed . Also , the reviews all praise the illustrations , but unfortunately , there are n't any !
 The actor does a good job acting out the voices of the character but its extremely difficult to understand him when he tries to act as Alice .
 I was disappointed with the paper quality , the flimsy binding , and the small print . It was inexpensive and even then , not worth what I paid .
 The original book is a treasure , but the book I received is not user friendly . The type is too small for either children or adults to read without a magnifying glass ! Too bad !
 Through the Looking Glass is a sad attempt amde by Lewis Carroll to recreate the success of Alice . My belief is that he only did it for the money . It is an interesting book to read after reading Alice , the style is quite different . Also try reading biographies on Lewis Carroll , he did many things that we do n't hear about . He liked take pictures of little girls while they were naked , but was also a respected mathmatician . There are amny interesting things about Lewis Carroll and everyone should take the time out to try to understand him . Try reading this book , Alice , and Sylvie and Bruno to get a better understanding of the man
 I own this book . While it does contain some valuable information on the Value Methodology process , it not to be considered more than a companion to the author 's course on Value Enigeering . Thus , I have not found it to be a good nor readable resource.Much of the text -LRB- 326 pages -RRB- is devoted to overhead presentation type information , i.e. , heading and bulletized list likely originating from the author 's own presentations developed to teach his class . Have you ever received an overhead presentation without the author 's notes ? It is very difficult to understand the points being made . Many pages contain examples of forms that a VE team leader might want to use . They amount to little more than a page full of empty boxes . In the latter portion of the book , many pages contain very little information and lots of empty wordless space . This text is not a book , it is a compilation of stuff gathered over the years that the author has taught his VE course .
 The work itself is of course brilliant - the Kindle edition is abominable . I selected this edition above other Kindle editions for the footnotes . Not only are the footnotes not included in the Kindle edition , there is also not a table of contents . As I am in the midst of book IV in my paper copy and was purchasing the Kindle edition as backup while traveling , this is unfortunate . I do not care to leaf through over 100 pages looking for my place . Poor form , Amazon , poor form .
 Paradise Lost is my favorite Christian literature of all time , in my opinion even surpassing the Authorized King James Version of the Holy Bible in its poetics . Paradise Lost is also one of my favorite poems of all times . Unfortunately , this poem was nowhere near as good as its prequel . On the plus side , there were a handful of good lines here , but over all not the strength and beauty of Paradise Lost . Which is unfortunate , from a Christian point of view . Paradise Lost concerns the fall of grace of mankind , while Paradise Regained is mostly about the temptation of Jesus by Satan in the desert . One would hope the poem focusing on Jesus would be better than the one focusing mostly upon Satan , but not so in this case . Ah , well .
 The star rating is given purely for the edition of Paradise Regained published by First World Library . This book is every bit as fascinating as its predecesor Paradise Lost , however I highy dissuade you from buying this particular edition because the words are in size 14 Times New Roman , thus extremely difficult to read , and it is much too expensive for an edition of its quality .
 I am a fan of Frances Mayes and have loved and read all of her books on Tuscany and travel several times . This book did not live up to my high expectation of Mayes ' writing . The plot was slow and almost non-existent . There was nothing really driving it . Granted a body being dug up and a gravestone being vandalized is a bit of drama , but not a reason to fly home from Italy or halt everyone 's life . It was slow reading and the character development was lacking , probably because there were too many characters . The relationship between Ginger and JJ was n't realistic and even inappropriate at times . I kept waiting for everything to come together and for it all to make sense . The ending was anti-climactic to say the least . Several times I wanted to stop reading and then I got to the end and was left thinking is this all there is ?
 this book is a downer from the get-go . so depressing . loved under the tuscan sun so tried this one . do n't waste your time /
 Three chapters was all it took for me to put aside this book . There must have been 25 characters introduced within the first 40 pages , most of whom seemed insignificant to the story . Adding to the confusion was the point of view mess . I never knew from sentence to sentence whose thoughts would abruptly emerge ; sometimes three in one paragraph . Where oh where are the editors today ?
 I can not recommend this book to anyone . After starting this book a half dozen times and putting it down , I finally forced myself to finish it . The author is ALL over the place , out on a tangent adding characters and describing stuff paragraphs long that does n't even matter . Just at the end when you start to finally get interested , the story abruptly ends and leaves the reader hanging . NOTHING gets answered . I felt like a few pages of my book must surely have been ripped out . I am immensely repectful of authors and I admire their talent so much . Having said that , I really am sorry to say that I do n't know how this book got published . It is truly the worst novel I have ever read . I bought it because I enjoyed the movie `` Under the Tuscan Sun '' so much . I had such high hopes for this book . Disappointing .
 Tom Brokaw must think that people care about every facet of his dull life -- because he has elaborated on it in so much boring detail in this book that even Brokaw fans will throw their hands up after hearing another insignificant story and say `` who cares . `` Sadly , he comes across as a person who considered himself better than others and was incredibly insensitive when it came to class status . He often mentions in the book whether someone is `` working class '' and he claims that in high school `` I was a member of the ruling class ... it was a white man 's and white boy 's world '' and writes about racism issues that deal with his going to school with Native Americans . If he thinks he is getting sympathy from the reader because he somehow grew beyond his bigotry it is hard to come to that conclusion through this book.Brokaw is trying to build on his past `` Greatest Generation '' reputation by painting a picture of his childhood on the South Dakota prairie . But the problem is that it was a pretty boring childhood . Camp , summer jobs , trips to Minneapolis , fitting in at school -- almost nothing happened to him that was anything unusual.There are two exceptions that are worth hearing about . First , as a teenager he headed to New York City to appear on a game show with the South Dakota governor and ended up cheating on the show . Yes , he was part of the quiz shows scandals . This is something he probably should not have revealed.Second , the only good thing about the book is that it tells the story of how this partying college kid was `` counseled '' to leave school by a caring professor who told him , `` Get all the wine , women and song out of your system . '' Though this should embarrass the future anchorman , his professor used it to turn Brokaw 's life around . Tom dropped out of college then begged the professor to let him back in as a serious student.The book is also deceptive in length . It may look like a long book of over a couple hundred pages , but the types is double spaced and there are about 30 pages of picture-only pages mixed in the middle of chapters , so the actual length of the book would be about 100 pages in a normal book.After reading this book any favorable opinion people have of Brokaw should decrease because he comes across as a smug , arrogant , rich guy who thinks his lowly upbringing was something special . It was n't -- he was raised the same way most other people were in the Midwest and nothing really changed for him until that college professor gave him a verbal kick in the pants to change his life .
 Tom Brokaw 's fame make him a potentially fascinating subject for an autobiography , yet such lofty expectations will only serve to increase your disappointment in this book . It does n't take long to discover that Brokaw 's upbringing is so mundane and ordinary that it 's almost painful to tread through this book . I suppose there may be some ardent fans of his or maybe family or friends of Brokaw 's that would want to know the minute details of his early life , but otherwise you might as well be reading about any random person from mid 20th century South Dakota . Nothing out of the ordinary at all happens in Brokaw 's early life and this book deals with none of the latter half of his life -LRB- where he actually became noteworthy -RRB- , thus unless you have insomnia I do n't recommend bothering with this book at all .
 Before Tom Brokaw became one of America 's most famous anchormen , he was a kid with white bucks and a ducktail trying to make his mark in the hardscrabble world of South Dakota , circa 1950 . `` A Long Way From Home '' details that journey in a thorough if bloodless kind of way.Published in 2002 , shortly after his similarly rootsy appreciation tome `` The Greatest Generation '' became a mega-bestseller , `` A Long Way From Home '' seems to ride the coattails of that success . It recites facts from the author 's boyhood , pleasant and otherwise , without much subjective sense of what it was like to have lived though them.Instead you get pages and pages of platitudes , as if from an Oscar speech gone awry
 Tom Brokaw may have always been a chatterbox , too bad he did n't have much to say . This book basically skims the surface of a child of the fifties . There are not many amusing anecdotes , not much detail , and no depth of feeling , and as a result not much to relate to . A disappointment because it could have been so much better , if the author would have dug a little deeper .
 I do n't know what the publisher was thinking . The spaces between the lines in the book look almost twice the size as a normal book . What has been done here is to offer a small book as a large one . It is funny that Mr. Brokaw is writing such a small book about his life . Is there nothing new to share with readers ? Like bubblegum that has been elongated the book lacks flavor and zest and is really nothing more than text with Brokaw 's face plastered on it . Next time Tom give us the whole story with a real book .
 This book was written for simpletons by a simpleton . Reading from a teleprompter is not exactly brain surgery . But if you want to hear more from a self-important blowhard , then read this intriguing book about an egomaniac who pretends he does n't have one . Seriously , there could n't be a worse book .
 I found the book sentimental and boring . The characters were unbelievable ; one neurotic and one naive . This book would be good for those who are vulnerable and easily swayed by the words of a woman who 's obviously never had true romance .
 I have seen many movies and PBS mini series that have been made out of Jane Austin novels and have loved them all . Being an avid reader , I thought I 'd LOVE to read the books too since books are so much better than anything put to the screen . Boy was I wrong . I just could n't get through it . It 's written in such a form that it 's hard to follow and understand what she is talking about . I 've truly had to read and re-read sentences and paragraphs to get what in the world she is talking about . Here 's an example
 i know that i am going to mangle this quote , but mark twain once said something to the effect that `` a library without any books in it would still be a pretty good library , seeing as it lacked any works by jane austin . '' well , right on mr twain . i read `` sense and sensiblity '' a few years back and am still trying to recover from the near coma of boredom that it put me in . really awful and dreary stuff . i mean it . now , to be of further help , let me give you directions to the unhelpful voting button . it can be found directly below this review , over to far right hand side . it 's the button with the word `` no '' on it .
 A very difficult slog
 I 'm sure if I had n't seen the movie , -LRB- DVD -RRB- I would n't have had the least understanding of what was going on half the time.The book was very boring , with long unending sentences and characters that made no sense . Yet , I kept reading and reading until I was done . I think I was determined to make some sense out of it . After words and words of whatever , the ending came to a short , brief end . To this day , I 'm not sure if Marianne was ever in love with Mr. Brandon , or she just admired him and married him because her family thought it best . Nor could I find one single reason why Elinor who was to have had some sense would have fallen for an idiot like Edward.The long silly relationship between Edward and Lucy was ridiculous , and made no sense at all . For the older sister to even care for a nerd like Edward when she was the one who was supposed to have some sense , made no sense . As to the rest of the characters , they were all ridiculous , pompous or stupid , and had no sense or sensibility at all.The film was much better . Do n't bother with the book .
 Jane Austen wrote about what women in her time lived through . Marriage and society . Unfortuantly , in present times those subjects can become tedious after the 400th page . If you are not up to an extremely slow book , do not read Sense and Sensibility .
 I so much wanted to like Jane Austen and , specifically , this book . That 's because I dearly loved the movie `` Sense and Sensibility '' directed by Ang Lee with an amazingly good screenplay by Emma Thompson . Now that I 've attempted to read the book on which it was based , I 'm all the more impressed by Emma Thompson because she extracted the story from this novel and told it via dialog and made it interesting , engaging and charming.So I have to credit Jane Austen , at least , with having invented the characters and their situation . I 've heard she was an astute observer of human beings and apparently she was.But her style ! Reading Jane Austen was for me like swimming through half-set concrete or undergoing a root canal.Mark Twain made two observations about Jane Austen.First , he wrote in `` Remembered Yesterdays ''
 -LRB- Warning !! I do give hints to events in the book -RRB- Simply put the book is a romance novel that is very long and some what drawn out . It takes Austen pages to discuss how some woman brings her kids to social events so she can talk about them . Just imaging this going from one social event to another . I personally found the book sort of repetative after about chapter 18 of 50 . It seems the only way the book is kept alive is by introducing new characters . If you are a fan of romance novels with one of those cheesy endings , then cheese it up with this four hundred page novel . I could n't get any furhter than chapter 18 , I got tired of nothing happening , specifiically action . Like in `` One Who Flew Over The Cuckoo 's Nest '' , which is an awsome book things happened . Not only that it was funny , but realistic enought to keep my attention . In conclusion if you like books were the entire novel revolves around the realtioships between people -LRB- soap opera -RRB- then this is the book for you other wise keep away .
 Seeing how Sense and Sensibility by Jane Austen barely makes any sense , I would n't even touch this book again , even if you paid me . Extremely long and mundane , Sense and Sensibility is a book that actually requires effort and stamina to go through the entire thing . To me , the three-hundred-and-fifteen-page book translated to absolute gibberish as I did not understand , nor really cared to understand what was going on.Seeing how the there was no purpose to the plot , I was left bored from the first word to the very last . I really did not see the point of writing a story about two well-off , high society women court other men . There was absolutely nothing interesting about that in the story . No one really cares if the ladies must suffer through heartbreak because in actuality , everyone does . Jane Austen could have done a much better job in piecing a more attractive and purposeful novel together.As I read , the more I learned about the characters , the angrier I got . Why does every character have to be a member of a high social status ? To me , everyone was snobby , everyone was self-indulged , and everyone was too one-dimensional . The characters were too well-off to even sympathize with . I did not care or feel emotionally attached to any character whatsoever . Each individual was not self-motivated , and they came off as stuck-up characters . I was just waiting for someone to do something , but no , each character has to wallow in his or her own self-pity . People have worse problems to worry about than worrying about the problems the character has . I kept going through the story and saying , `` So what ? Who cares ? Fix your own problems . '' The characters were too detached to make me feel interested.All in all , the story was just bad . It lacked purpose and meaning . Although you have to admit Jane Austen constructs beautifully crafted sentences , sentence style could only take the story so far . If you have time to actually read this book , I suggest you spend your time doing something worthwhile instead of wasting your life on Sense and Sensibility .
 ... `` thoroughly unpleasant '' was how he found Austen 's work , `` English in the bad , mean , snobbish , sense of the word . `` I would n't go that far , but those stilted paragraphs , those arid drawing-rooms , those aristocratic concerns and conceits -LRB- how to redo the parlor ? How to arrange for the right guests to see it ? -RRB- leave me completely exhausted . The superegoic hatred of impulse ; the Dickensian pasteboard moralizing ; the conservative exaltation of appropriate manners and self-restraint ... The only characters I was able to care about in this novel were the villains -- or rather , given Austen 's sterilized offsetting of taste versus boorishness , call them negative role models . And even they did nothing more dramatic than offering an occasional cold shoulder to the well-bred and undeserving.But then I wonder
 when my friend read all of jane austen a few years ago and just could n't stop raving , i thought it was time to give the old girl a test ride around the block and see what all the fuss was about . on first try i fell right off . it was like reading a foreign language . my mind would n't stand still long enough to learn it . now , though , with the continued push to read jane austen ever before me -LRB- the new book , `` the jane austen book club '' peeked my interest -RRB- , i thought i 'd strap on my helmut and give her one more try . a few years of meditation under my belt would surely slow me down and give me more of a chance to `` get it '' , i thought.she 's still out of reach . i was initially teased , even laughed once or twice as i started `` sense and sensibility '' but then ... it 's just soooo boring . austen 's portrayal of elinor and marianne and the crew are about as shallow as it gets . there is no depth here in these characters . my mother even joined me in this reading endeavor . we started a book club of two , just to accomplish this task ... strength in numbers and all that . but , alas , we were both so '' monstrous '' bored . it was a `` sedulous '' task at best . we have now named our book club the `` anything BUT jane austen book club '' . the reasons for the boredom :1 -RRB- i 'm just not entranced by long , long , long sentences . proust gave it a go and did a much better job .2 -RRB- i 'm also put off by the confusing use and over use of pronouns . . who really is `` he '' and `` she '' and `` they '' ... i think if i 'd have submitted this work in college , it would have come back with many margin notes on grammar , syntax and style .3 -RRB- i think i got the idea of the social structure and nuances -LRB- where there any ? -RRB- in the first 50 pages . . the rest was just '' monstrous insipid '' .4 -RRB- and for the storyline . . when austen lovers run out of austen material do they go on to harlequin romances ? seems it would be a logical move.no more austen for this old girl . life 's just too short and there are too many really good books out there .
 I 'm sorry the book put me to sleep , it took over a 150 pages until something interesting happened , stayed interesting for a few chapters and then got boring again . I 'm sorry I thought the book was the biggest waste of trees ever . If it was n't for the fact that I had to read the book I would have never picked it up .
 I looked forward to re-reading Jane Austen 's wonderful , satirical novel involving the romantic complications of the sisters , Elinor and Marianne . This was to be the first time I could read it on my kindle and I chose what I was led to believe was an annotated version . The annotations were especially important because this was the book for study and discussion at the annual Jane Austen Tea at the JASNA Society in Burlington , Vermont.There are no annotations with this kindle version . I was mis-led , sadly disappointed and ill prepared for the delightful tea and celebration of Jane Austen 's birthday.Annotations promisedAnnotations deniedLike a sugarless sconeA rock on your lap
 I read this book years ago and forgot that I had read it . It was not enjoyable then and certainly not a enjoyable read the second time . I regret the purchase .
 I was hoping for another masterpiece when I ordered Sense and Sensibility but , other than the eloquent language , it contains none of the charm of Pride and Prejudice . Not a single character in S&S is likeable , and that I find to be a real travesty . In P&P you have the bold and clever Elizabeth and the mysterious Darcy to adore , and even Jane and Bingley have their charms ... . but S&S is a dull read , or at least , as dull and the wonderful Jane Austen could muster . I do n't recommend it to a Pride and Prejudice lover .
 As SENSE & SENSIBILITY -LRB- S&S -RRB- was Austen 's first published novel , it is perhaps a forgivable sin that this work is almost wholly without that inimitable touch of greatness that makes her later works so wonderful . To be sure , S&S is not completely without charm ; as usual , her characters are described along the same uber ironic and caustic lines familiar to fans of her later work , and the soap operish quality of the narrative is , as always , tempered by her wry wit . When Austen sets her baleful eye on the often ridiculous mores of her society , deftly skewing her demographic representing characters with the graceful , devastating wit she made her stock and trade , there is no one better . Yet , in S&S , the other part of what makes Austen so great - the biting , social commentary which is always indistinguishably entwined with plot and that sterling character development we 've come to expect - is absent . And though Austen sets her novel up as a didactic tale centering around an overmeasure of both sensibility and emotional excessivity , in the end she fails to create any application , to make sense of the lessons she so clearly intended to teach . The two main characters seem to have suffered trial after trial for nothing , and the rest of the characters , those that MADE them suffer , get off scot-free . That sense of Austen Justice so unavoidable in her later efforts is conspicuously absent here , leaving the narrative in want of purpose and the reader ultimately dissatisfied.A lesser effort from one just setting her foot on the Alpine Path to greatness .
 I read Sense and Sensibility by Jane Austen . I thought the book was very good . Austen portrays Elinor and Marianne very well . She shows the love and friendship and the jealously of two sisters . She shows how one sister can be in love and the other is trying to find the bad in that person.In the beginning , Elinor finds someone she really likes and Marianne trys to find the bad in him , like he does n't like drawing and Elinor does . Marianne is just jealous that her sister has found someone and she has n't found anyone yet . Marianne wants Edward , Elinor 's boyfriend . Elinor and Edward do n't last that long anyway because they move to Barton Park.The Miss Dashwood 's cousin , Sir John Middleton , writes them a letter and invites them to move to Barton Park and live in a cottage . They gladly accept . They tell their brother and his wife and send their belongings in advance and leave . They agree to try the cottage out for a year . Sir John and his wife are very hospitable to the Miss Dashwood 's . They always invite them to their house to meet the people of the neighborhood . The Miss Dashwood 's rarely accepted.There was on certain time they accepted and met Colonel Brandon , who is a friend of Sir John . Colonel Brandon sets his sights on Marianne . Colonel Brandon likes Marianne 's singing and piano playing . Elinor does not like that idea . She would rather him be interested in her instead . Elinor is now jealous of Marianne . She does n't even care that Edward is supposed to be coming to see her . Their good-bye was like that of a brother and sister . They did n't even kiss good-bye . The Middleton 's are always having someone stay the night at their house . The Dashwood 's would rather keep to themselves . When Sir John 's wife invites them to come to the house the Dashwood 's are always busy . The Dashwood 's are the type that would rather do for themselves . They are not really the social type . Mr. John Dashwood and his wife live in Norland . They moved there after his father died . Mr. Dashwood made his son promise to provide for his mother and sisters . Which meant that he was to give them money . His wife did not like that idea . She thought that they could find their own money and that the money was the only reason they were still living in Norland . Which in fact was not true . They were still living there because they had no where else to go . Miss John Dashwood thought that they did n't deserve any money from them whether they were family or not . She thought only of herself and her son not of her husband 's family.John Dashwood wanted to give them three thousand pounds apiece . His wife would n't hear of it . She thought that they would never pay it back because they had no source of income . She managed to talk her husband down to about five hundred pounds . They managed to get out of paying the women any money because they decided to move Barton Park . In the end they both marry and are happy . They do n't live too far away from one another , so they can still fight as they please . They can stay in touch with one another because family means so much to them . In reading this book , I had a little trouble understanding and following the context in some places , but I enjoyed the book . I would recommend it to young women who like to read romances . It is very much so a romance , yet it is also a book about the love that two sisters have for one another . Sense and Sensibility is rather difficult to follow in some spots . I highly recommend this to young women who enjoy reading romances .
 In recent weeks my wife in rapid succesion read this book and Pride and Prejudice and then ran out to the store on a Sunday evening to pick up Mansfield Park . What a disappointment . I hit the wall about p. 20 and could never find a way to get involved . The characters were uninteresting and the situations dull , and I had to force my way to the end . I have n't had this much trouble with a book in a long time . Since this is a minority view , I would only ask
 Sense and Sensibility is a work of wit intelligence and genius -- the critical apparatus and here I mean the work of modern critics is the work of those `` favored '' by stupidity . With the exception of Raymond Williams important article from `` Keywords '' -- the critics are informed by a feminism that might be called Sexual Stalinism . Critics with agendas are always reductive , unreflective and in the case of one essay unpardonably vulgar . I name no names . William Empson 's exploration of `` Sense '' `` Sensibility '' `` Candour '' and `` Candid '' which are briliantly investigated in his Structure of Complex Words apparenty was not deemed worthy of making the cut . Jane Austen would have had a good laugh had she read the sanctimonious essays that befoul this edition . If you are a good reader trust your own responses and get another edition . Of course if you are a member of the academy this edition is indispensable .
 I decided to buy this instead of downloading a free version because I liked the idea of the active/live contents page , but I am disappointed . The formatting looks like it was done for a larger screen and not the Kindle I own . Every line of text flows to the end of the line and then what 's left of that line flows to the next -LRB- only one or two words usually -RRB- . This happens for every line in the book . It 's too hard to read and annoying , so I will definitely delete this copy .
 A long tale and not my kind of story . It was about a widow lady wanting her two marriageable age daughters find a suitable husband . All the players in the story seem to have this same pastime and providing tmes and events where it can take place . The verbage was in old English , sometimes with different meanings than today and the narrater did n't always make voice changes to distinguise who was talking . It became more interesting toward the end and I 'm sure in the day it was written it was a good story .
 It is a great pity they allowed her to die a natural death.The story is about 3 daughters and a mother who are reduced to visitors at their own home after the father dies , which allows the son to inherit the estate . After that , Austen pulls in this idea about Sense and Sensibility.Let 's put it this way
 `` Lev Vygotsky
 It was with some embarrassment that I read The Dark Watcher and determined that anyone related to the famous can have a book published . Mr. Steinbeck is credited as a literature instructor , yet he uses the first and last name of his character in almost every paragraph , which I was told not to do in primary school . The names of Monterey area towns populate the story like a free map from the chamber of commerce . He should just throw his history notebook along with retold family stories away and try writing anew from his imagination .
 This book is everything that Dan Schneider at -LSB- ... -RSB- . htm has written . The world is full of wonderful books - this is not one of them .
 I 'd love to say that this pabulum would never have gotten published were Tommy 's surname not Steinbeck but I know better . Worse writing , in other ways , has already gotten published , and lauded , but that still does n't excuse the vomitus that Tommy has wrought . Such is the degraded state of current American literature.Yes , there is no denying that the existence of this book , and whatever piece of dreck Tommy is concocting for his Great American Novel , is nothing short of literary debasement , and sickens me even more than the far more widespread practice of literary fellatio -LRB- in the flesh and in print -RRB- that results in so many non-talents landing book deals , only to have their crap sitting on the shelves of clearinghouse book distributors , next to Tommy 's dreck , for at least their garbage do not involve desecrating the name of a great writer . Still , one wonders what the real dark motives are that Tommy has for brutalizing his father 's name to such a shameful degree . It never ceases to amaze me how base , cynical , disrespectful , uncaring , and money hungry people can be . If I had any doubts how low individuals could sink I only have to turn toward old Tommy Steinbeck .
 I was on a two-hour trip in an area with poor radio reception , with no other audio to listen to , so I was forced to finish `` Safe Harbor '' . I actually fast-forwarded through parts of it because I could not stand the story 's saccharine sentiments.The book was just plain silly on the whole . The characters were cardboard cutouts , many of their actions were ridiculous , and similar stories have been told in a better way by other authors.The only good thing about the book was its setting .
 I find Luanne Rice 's writing to be a bit too sentimental but have enjoyed some of her other books because the plots were interesting . The premise for `` Safe Harbor '' has potential but I 'm finding the book is unable to draw me in . It is pages and pages and pages of emotions and feelings with little story . I 'm bored and think I will be unable to finish reading the book , moving on to something else .
 Van Loon 's book has been a staple of family reading hour for decades , and more recently it has received renewed circulation among homeschooling families . Originally written in 1921 , this story of civilization has been continuously updated , not always profitably . What 's below is an excerpt from the current edition : `` The civil rights movement escaped another defeat when the Reagan administration 's attempt to grant tax exemptions to schools that discriminate against blacks failed . The economic future of young blacks remained bleak , as they continued to suffer the highest unemployment rate in the United States , while the government reduced many of the welfare programs that had helped the poor subsist . `` Readers seeking a less partisan history are advised to find an older edition or to obtain E.H. Gombrich 's excellentA Little History of the World , recently released by Yale University Press in an English edition .
 I returned the book because it was only the text . There are NO illustrations . Part of the charm of the book are the illustrations .
 This copy of the story is very poorly published -LRB- my version is from Hard Press -RRB- . One example - there is a TOC -LRB- table of contents -RRB- with about 67 chapters listed -LRB- a recollection , as I have already returned my book -RRB- . The chapter titles in the TOC do not correspond with the titles at the beginning of the chapters , but to a description of each chapter . All of the chapters listed in the TOC are not in the book , there are only about 44 in the book , only the first part of The Story of Mankind . I sent mine back and will look for a different edition .
 Hendrik Willem Van Loon was one of those marvelous authors who can make history come alive for young people . But when I ordered `` The Story of Man '' , I had no idea the full-color illustrations and maps he designed to accompany the text were missing . Instead I got an A4-sized bound copy that advertised on the cover `` High Quality Paperback '' . Hardly . The font is suitable only for manuscripts , not finished books , and the type is so light it 's hard to see the text . Curiously , the editors used -LRB- sic -RRB- to point out mistakes in the original copy , but added many typos of their own , which of course were left untouched . But much worse is the missing maps and illustrations , which are an intimate part of the story . For example , his chapter on how hieroglyphics were invented and developed is incomprehensible without the four accompanying illustrations . It is worth reading his spirited histories -LRB- there are many of them -RRB- and contemplating his frequent original observations -- if you can get the illustrated version . It 's a pity that of all the books the publishers could choose from , they picked this one and then left out what makes it special .
 The expert charms of `` The Story of Mankind '' are negated by it 's fount of misinformation . It is a too typical mis-history , spawned from the British school of `` let 's white-out the real genocidal history of Protestantism '' . I am reviewing the 1984 edition . Despite its wonderful presentation , this book is too radical and too slanted to be recommended as a properly balanced source for use in educating children.Uniformed Catholic bashing is ubiquitous in our Anglosphere . I realize many will think I am mistaken in my opinion However no one should excuse jingoistic historical amnesia , no matter how commonly it is accepted.For example , the sadistic exploits of `` Bloody Elizabeth '' are swept under the rug . An a small antidote to this book 's unbalanced Catholic versus Protestant view of British history , I might recommend the recent book , `` God 's Secret Agents
 Maybe because it was written for his children , and although it provides good summarized historic events , I found the author to be too opinionated on such matters that should be historically evidenced ...
 I was very disappointed when I realized that this version does not contain the illustrations or maps . I had planned on my fifth grader using this for history .
 The first 100 pages of this book are entertaining . He writes in a way that keeps you interested up to a point . I am an avid reader and this book took me many months to finish . I did n't even want to finish it but always feel compelled to do so . History repeats itself and after so many chapters of war I just did n't care anymore . After reading this book I felt that desiring peace in a time of war is hardly possible . Looking back over our history made this clear-humans , power , and violence go hand in hand .
 This should be titled `` Loons ' Opinion of Western Mankind ; at times based on historical fact . '' India and China are briefly mentioned in the chapter `` Buddhism and Confusianism '' and we do n't hear anything from China until 1939 . Africa ? Not even in the index . I bought this because it was required for a history curriculum I was considering . We will be using something else . Only buy this if you are weary of screaming at your television , and would like to try screaming at a book instead . If you know anything about history , this book will make you Crazy as a Loon .
 While I appreciate the daunting task of putting all that history into one volume , you 'll find this book to be like the old adage more `` His story '' than history . The writer 's personal value system shines through the book as he interprets his view of history . One interesting rant about his major premonition about the Roman Empire and how it was defeated by a child in Bethlehem . Other than a giving us a few vague moral lessons , Van Loon gave us no insight of what Jesus Christ did that was so revolutionary to topple the largest superpower ever . Could you give us a bit of depth ? I do n't get it .
 Calling this a history of `` mankind '' was meant , tongue-in-cheek , as a joke , right ? Any student of history perusing the Table of Content of this title would know how misappropriately titled and conceived this book was.That said , there are two principal criticisms one can level at it
 If you are a Jew , Islamist Christian or just somebody that appreciates accurate history and science , than this book will be offensive to you . I encourage you to read it for yourself to see what I mean , but you will not want your children to read it.Depending on the maturity of your children , this book could be used as a tool to teach your children correctly . Here 's how
 I really like the selections that get the Newbery awards so it was a real dissapointment when I tried to read this book . The style of writing did not grab hold of me and I found the author 's opinions annoying . Althogether a waste of money .
 If you are a practicing Islamist , Jew or Christian then you will not want to let your children read this book . It will offend your religious values and beliefs.Even if you are not , be forwarned as well , because this book is also full of poor science and historical mistakes.You should read this book before your child ever see it . Then decide for yourself .
 This book is no longer being printed the old-fashioned way . This version is now a just-in-time book . Which means ALL THE ILLUSTRATIONS ARE MISSING . Even the ones that are necessary for the text to make sense . This version of this book is a total rip off . Some one got really sloppy and did n't deliver a complete file for printing . I recommend buying a used version of this book .
 I just bought this book to use as a portion of our homeschool history curricullum . However this versionof the book -LRB- ISBN-13
 It is just not my kind of book ... iT IS ON MY BOOK SHSELLP WITH OTHER BOOKS THAT i HAVE BOUGHT AND FEEL LIKE i MADE A MISTAKES - IN JUDGEMENT .
 This novel is a philosophy book about the author 's narcissistic anti-Victorian views and clever witticisms . Oh yeah , somewhere in there is a story about a man who makes a wish that his portrait would show his physical age and experiences , while he remains forever young and handsome . The wish comes true.There was incredible potential for this story that was n't lived up too . I think this novel really needed a heavy-handed editor to make it great .
 I could not stand this book ! was totally a waste of time reading it . it too out of date for my liking .
 This book came from Tribeca Books -LRB- even though is says `` CreateSpace '' on Amazon -RRB- , a print-on-demand shop that does not know how to set typography or books . The text runs to the edge of the page . Instead of using curly quotes like every other book on the planet , it uses inch marks . The binding is also low quality , as you need to practically break it to get the book to stay open . If these things do not bother you , then buy this version of the book . But if you would rather have a nice-looking version , try this one from World Library -LRB- I have n't seen it yet but am ordering now -RRB- . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Im so glad this book is free but you get what you pay for . I have found quite a few typos in this version . I have actually decided to download it on iBooks because that version is properly edited .
 I feel sad that I could n't give this book more than two stars . I thought the book was too boring , and event hough there was a secret message -LRB- I will not comment on Dorian being a homosexual , though -RRB- in this book , it somehow left be quite empty actually . Maybe I did n't like this book , because I did n't understand Dorian or the character 's . I do n't know . But you people describe it so well , that I feel like I 've missed something important . The plot was pretty good and simple , but I got bored reading endless conversations and walks and stuff . Maybe if I read the book again , I can giva a better review on it . I surely hope so : -RRB-
 I 'm reading this for Book Club and I try not to put it down -- because I 'm afraid I wo n't pick it up again ! While I see how good the story is , I 'm sorry to admit that I find the author buffoonish in the way he goes on and on about some things -- I get the point ! I know that some of it comes down to the fact that the book was written in 1891 , but I 've read Greek plays , other authors from different eras , etc. , and liked them , so maybe I just do n't appreciate Oscar Wilde .
 The story itself is interesting but the pages and pages of rambling non-sense ruin the book . A struggle to finish .
 I did not enjoy this story . I really really wanted to . I tried very hard but in the end I was just plain bored . When I realized I was wasting my time I moved on .
 This came by the time they said it would be arriving so I 'm glad for that.But I do n't remember reading about the rip on the book.Also the cover picture is different than this picture . Does this happen a lot ?
 I read this book as a child -LRB- around 11 -RRB- in Russian . Finally decided to re-read it in English . I was astonished as to how differently I perceived it this time around . Without a question , Wilde is a master of words , but the subject of this book was questionable . It appeared to me , that Wilde was set on pushing his own philosophy and views of life and self onto others , and , as I read it , I found myself rejecting it with every fiber of my being . I was rather surprised to have such a strong reaction to this piece of literature . Would not read again and would not recommend it to others either . Just my two cents .
 The definition of `` classic '' is something timeless and universal ; this book is neither . It does ask some `` deep '' questions but it does n't make you really care about the answers ; the characters are one-dimensional and transparent . It 's hard to seriously relate to any of them , or this story . The writers ' language is beautiful in a flowery way . If you want a feel for the book , read the intro/prelude ; there are some interesting statements Wilde makes about `` ART '' . Otherwise , do n't bother . There 's only so much of art-imitates-life-life-imitates-art you can take .
 Unfortunately I did n't like this classic story for many reasons . I downloaded theFree Kindle versionand read about half of it . I finished the story by listening to the Librivox audiobook recording using thefree smartphone app.I found Lord Henry to be quite unlikeable . His statements were absurd , contradictory , and got old quickly . Here are some loose quotes ... `` The only things that are necessary are those that are truly unnecessary . '' He had MANY of those and I saw them coming when only three words of a sentence were out of his mouth . `` I find people infinitely fascinating . '' Which he quickly followed up with something like , `` I pay no attention to people at all . '' I believe Wilde was trying to paint a pompous , egotistical fool and he did a great job . It made me dislike the character greatly.The story was not balanced well . We started out by meeting Dorian and quickly jumped ahead through years and years of his life . There was very little build up of tension . Chapter nine was completely painful to go through . Did we need to read , in long , boring detail , about textiles and gems?My biggest complaint - various evil deeds and adventures are eluded to , but not shown to us . Dorian 's actions are key to the concept of this story , but they are told to us at a distance and with very little feeling . Authors hear often that they are to show , not tell the reader what is happening . Chapter after chapter told us , in only vague hints , what kinds of things Dorian was up to . We skip over incidents very quickly . Some are just a word or two in a sentence . I realize that The Picture of Dorian Gray was written in an era when prostitution , drug use , and vile acts could n't be written about in detail , but it could have been done so much better.This story reminds me ofThe Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde . They both have themes of - Be careful what you wish for . Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was also written at a time when sadistic endeavors and deviant sexual practices could n't be written in detail . Stevenson succeeded where Wilde failed . I felt Mr. Hyde 's strength and power . I could see the lust and greed . Wilde did n't bring any believability to this story .
 I usually try to go into English classes with a sense of optimism about the reading materials , and they 're actually not usually bad . I find myself finishing almost every book ahead of schedule , and liking quite a few of them . So when I found out we 'd be reading The Picture of Dorian Gray in junior year of High School , I started it with a positive mind . It was a famous classic after all ! However , in this particular case , I was disappointed.The Picture of Dorian Gray is a novel with far too much unused potential . It 's about the adventures of Dorian Gray , an upper class young adult living in the 1890 's . Dorian acquires a magical portrait that diverts all physical traces of sin from him to his face in the portrait , allowing him to commit as much sin as he wants and remain looking youthful and innocent -LRB- i.e. , after his insults drive his girlfriend Sybil to suicide , his portrait develops `` a touch of cruelty in his mouth '' -LSB- pg . 91 -RSB- but his actual face remains the same -RRB- . He gets advice from other characters about how he should live life , and after following his friend Lord Henry 's way of life -LRB- outlined in a little yellow book that encourages Dorian to remain vain and shallow -RRB- and living hedonistically and selfishly for years and years , he finally realizes how ` ugly ' his soul has become and launches an attempt at redemption . While it seems like there would be lots of action , I was disappointed at the lack of plot in general , and most of the book is actually rich people talking about human nature . Many of the book 's lessons are taken from the obscure musings of Lord Henry , who acts as an outlet for Wilde 's opinions , and while this is a decent way for Dorian to learn about life , I would much rather have read about him learning through experience as he traveled around doing something interesting . He could have been living a life of incalculable sin , and yet chooses to have sex and hang out in gardens smoking opium all day ; not quite the worst decision ever , but not an exciting book.The lack of action is n't the only disappointing thing about the book . I constantly felt that Wilde was too busy sending messages to the audience to really give his characters life . Every dialogue read less like a real conversation and more like a -LRB- sometimes cryptic -RRB- scripted debate , and Wilde skips past something like twenty years ' worth of Dorian Gray 's character development -LRB- summarizing the slow corruption in one chapter -RRB- . Other characters serve only to invoke development in Dorian , and no other characters show any significant development themselves , making the story just slightly distant . Wilde wastes space for the plot to talk about his ideas about human nature , crossing the line between novel and essay too much for my pleasure -LRB- '' ... you must keep your good looks . We live in an age that reads too much to be wise , and that thinks too much to be beautiful . We can not spare you . '' -LSB- pg . 220 -RSB- is a good example of Lord Henry voicing Oscar Wilde 's opinion on not just Dorian , but on life , and the Victorian generation -RRB- . Another book that actually balances preaching with plot well is Animal Farm by George Orwell ; it manages to simultaneously deliver a message about communism and entertain the audience . If you want a book where it is mostly messages and the entertainment is scarce , Dorian Gray is the book for you.Well , why is the story so famous ? Part of its reputation is due to its shock value concerning homosexuality . There were various less-than-covert hints at homosexuality and adultery , which , unfortunately , are no longer effective in the 21st century . Now that the president is praising gay service in the military on national television , it is hard to be amazed about having gay characters in a book , and so a lot of impact is lost on me . Besides these homosexual exchanges between Dorian and the other male characters , the book is fairly void of plot , and Wilde 's reliance on shock value make it boring and harder to take seriously at this point in time , no matter how revolutionary his writing may have been back in his era.The book was short enough to read through without losing focus , and to be fair , Wilde 's writing is always very elegant with a signature fancy flair . Many of Lord Henry 's musings are interesting , and most of the dialogues are widely quotable . The problem is that the story is just a little bit too boring for me to consider it a book you would normally read for fun , and combined with the superb premise of Dorian 's magical portrait , this book 's plot was really disappointing .
 I never heard of Dorian Gray until I watched the movie The League of Extraordinary Men . I heard of Dracula -LSB- who was n't in the movie -RSB- , the Invisible Man , and Jekyl and Hyde , and Captain Nemo . But I have never heard of Quarterman or this guy Dorian Gray , and I wanted to read more about him . The idea of the picture growing old instead of the person , I thought was a brilliant idea . I could not wait to read this book.How disappointing it was for me , but I gave it two stars for two good reasons
 Well , I had to read this book for a school assignment . I 'm not really sure what I expected from this book , but I know I did n't get it . This book shows the true demoralization of our society - past and present . The absloute worst part of the book -LRB- about 90 % of it -RRB- was the long , monotonous , verbose speeches that consisted of the characters ` ideals that were just `` off the mark '' by a little . I would not suggest reading this book , partly because of the boring content , but mostly because of the fact that I still have n't found a plot .
 The novel The Picture of Dorian Grey is an unoriginal story line with disturbing morals in which innocent people are corrupted . Written in the late 18th century by Oscar Wilde the novel is an example of homosexual fiction . While the sexual preference of the characters is never addressed it is often hinted at . Many of the morals presented in the novel are very disturbing . Harry presents his views in such a way as to make them seem right . He `` preaches '' on living a life for pleasure , and the sensations . He stresses that women are merely brainless playthings there to provide entertainment . His theory on remaining young is to repeat all your youthful sins . This is presenting a lifestyle of self-indulgence , in which material things bring happiness . Harry 's corruption of Dorian leads to the corruption of many others . As Dorian begins to live as Harry has suggested he begins to use his influence over people to his advantage . He drives Sibyl Vane to her death , and also her brother who tries to seek revenge . Many close friends become outcasts because of his escalating bad reputation . In this story of twisted corruption , Basil Hallward is a very likely target for destruction . Had is not been for his adoration of Dorian then Harry never would have become interested in him . It becomes obvious that in order to be rid of all the mishaps Dorian must be rid of the originator . Basils death is almost obvious from the start . The main storyline , man sells soul for youth , is one used many times by several authors . It is based on a 15th century German magician Johann Faust . In his time he was considered a fake and a criminal . In the original Faustbook -LRB- 1587 -RRB- , written by an unknown author , is a biography of Johann Faust in which he sells his soul to the devil Mephistopheles for 24 years in return for power , knowledge , and youth and finally goes to hell in terror . It is ironic that this is also approximately the same amount of time it takes Dorian to become fully corrupted and destroy the painting . All in all the book was a waste of time . With its disturbing morals and unoriginal storyline the book left something to be desired . It was often predictable and uneventful . This is not a book that I would recommend to other people .
 Please refer to page 212 of the Baronet Books version of The Picture of Dorian Gray . The editing error `` Did you saw a sailor ? `` There is another editing error that occurs when the character Alan Campbell comes to see Dorian . A letter is presented to Alan and the reader has no idea what this is about . I am going to try to find another version of this classic . This book was terrible .
 Dorian Gray is not a kid book by any stretch of the imagination . No swordfights , no prince and princess , no happy ending . Dorian Gray is a very dark work with drug use , murder , and depression . One of the main themes is homosexuality . It shocked and outraged the public when it was first realeased . It is scary . It scared me . Frankly , I doubt very much that many children would appreciate this book . Colleges study this book in literature classes . That 's not to say no child would not get stuff from this book , but the few children that could would probably be just fine with the original work . Folks , stick to Treasure Island and White Fang for the kids . And if you want something kinda spooky , try Phantom of the Opera . Save Dorian Gray for later .
 it was so dumb and it is a waste of your time and i gave it 1 star because that the lowest nember you can give .
 Plot Kernel
 It 's difficult to know the purpose of this edition of Wilde 's novella . I did n't notice when I ordered it that it 's not the size of a regular book -- it 's more the size of an academic journal or magazine . Nearly 8 X 10 inches . Further , there 's no named editor , no introduction , no apparatus at all . Just the text of the story -- and that is printed in two columns on the page . The result is a book that wo n't fit on the shelf and that is unpleasant to read . Baffling .
 great book hard to read because print was so small
 Review by Jason LushOne hundred and ninety pages of political masturbation disguised as a supernatural suspense story . Of the three main characters we have ; Dorian Gray , who is a brainless puppet the personifies vanity ; Basil Hallward , the artist who painted the fabled portrait and represents the sorrowful conscience ; and Lord Henry Wolton , who is the quintessential 19th Century fop whose sole purpose in the book is to act as Wilde 's voice on politics , religion and homosexuality and as a driving corrupter of everyone else in the book.The pacing is horrendously slow , the chapters devoted to explaining Gray 's hobbies and the pictures of his ancestors in his hallway do n't help with the lousy pacing . The whole story could have been condensed to a 30 page novella and would have been enjoyable.And , as a side note to the posthumous Mr. Wilde , forty is not old and hideous .
 I have recently begun reading all those books I `` should '' have read a long time ago . I started with Dorian Gray because I knew the basic premise and liked the concept . I was sooo disappointed . Really , the main story and plot could have been contained in a short story of 20 pages or less . The rest of this book is basically a vehicle for Oscar Wilde 's witticisms . Quotable Quotes galore .
 First off , let me begin by saying that this book was not completely devoid of any good characteristics . It was written in a style of gentle prose that was easy to read , and it did put forth at least a few interesting concepts . On the whole though , the ideas in this book were utterly ridiculous and totally lacking in any true depth . They appear to me to be the vain ramblings of a man consumned in his own deepness , thereby proving how shallow he truly was . I would liken this book to a picture in which detailing , shading , and general looks are pleasing , but the perspective is off , ruining the whole picture . So perhaps you would enjoy this book if you are looking for a few ideas and smart sayings put together in a seemingly random , and almost chaotic order .
 I really have no idea why `` Illustrated '' is included in the title of this work . The only part of this book that is illustrated -LRB- besides the cover -RRB- is the short biography found at the end of the book .
 Though this book was well written , Oscar Wilde fails in his attempt to glorify aestheticism , and in fact condemns it , and thus condemns himself . It was hardly surprising that following the publication of this book , the authorities sought to have him arrested for homosexuality . If aestheticism is embodied by Lord Henry , Henry is a despicable character , whose philosophies sound not only juvenile and sophistic , but ignorant due to his lack of practicing what he preached . He did n't act out his hedonistic , immoral theories , only Dorian behaved that way , and when doing so brought torment , shame , and guilt upon himself . And to preface the book with `` All art is quite useless '' ? That makes no sense , since the picture was the most useful , significant , meaningful thing in life . Was Wilde 's goal to declare his own dear philosophies completely worthless ? If so , he succeeded , but I am much more impressed by someone who sets out to justify his philosophies rather than someone who sets out to debunk them .
 I love the classics and somehow this one escaped my attention until now . I wish only that it hadescaped my attention forever . This rambling book of boring , sexually unstable rich people with nothing better to dowith their lives than look at pretty Dorian -LRB- because , Dorian is very pretty -RRB- , and insult the commoners who have no rank or class , is tedious , boring and a complete waste of time.Dorian has his portrait painted while the painter and another man oogle him and tell him how pretty he is.The painter said his life was not complete until pretty Dorian came to sit for him.Dorian is very pretty . . Dorian wishes he could stay young and pretty and that the painting would age instead of him. , , . . because he 's young and prettyand men and women alike tell him how pretty he is.Dorian gets his wish and then the book ignores all his issues and goes off into the prose land of mushrooms.We next see Dorian decades later , the painting is hideous but Dorian is pretty . All his sins have left him pretty and the painting ugly.What happened in that time span is not told.Dorian is pretty.There is zero character developement and by the end I was just hoping everyone character in the book would die.Even Dorian , who is very pretty . We do not not know him , or the painter and have only a glimpse of the life of thethird main character in the book . He thinks Dorian is pretty too . ***************** Spoiler Alert ***************** I guessed the end about 1/3rd of the way through , I only missed that I figured Dorian -LRB- he , who is pretty -RRB- would torch the painting insteadof stabbing it . ***************** End Spoiler Alert ***************** I 'm sure all the world is aflutter because of the daring topics discussed , or not discussed as it was n't in this book . For its time period , I guessit would be shocking . Dorian , however , is still very pretty and that remains regardless of when this book was written.So , I hear this is only an edited version and somewhere out there is the REAL version , and it is oh so much better , but , nothing could savethis travesty of words . I wasted enough time with these pathetic characters -LRB- and author -RRB- although I think Dorian is still very pretty according to everyone.I 'm only glad I read it on my Kindle so a tree did n't die in printing this boring book . However , if a tree was cut for your book rest assured , the tree would be happy because Dorian is very pretty !
 I have recently read this book as part of my A-level syllabus and found it little more than an excuse for Wilde to voice his egotistical and condemnatory views of Victorian society . The storyline is faintly interesting but is ruined by Wilde 's constant attack on Women .
 Wow ... I had been under the impression prior to reading the novel that this was one of the great works of Western Literature in the past 200 or so years ... Never have I been so dissapointed . While full of wonderful quotes that sound great over a dinner discussion , a noteworthy tale this is not . Wilde seems far more interested in catologing lists of inane objects and people than he is of entertaining or interesting the reader . Wilde only glosses over Gray 's sinful actions letting us know sparse details about his supposed debauchery but never exposing the reader to them ... So a woman kills herself over being jilted , so he uses opium , so he goes to prostitutes , so he is bisexual ... Who cares ?? Such a shallow character -LRB- and this book is filled with shallow , undeveloped characters -RRB- is impossible to care one way or another about ... So when the end of the book comes to its obvious conclusion as a reader I simply shut the book , pondered what all the fuss and bother has been about and put the book on Ebay as its not worth taking up space on my bookshelf ...
 As I ventured into my next classic fiction book , I remembered the movie League of Extraordinary Gentleman . When I watched that movie I had no idea who the character of Dorian Gray was . The movie was n't that good , but I was still interested in that character . When I saw The Picture of Dorian Gray by Oscar Wilde , I decided I wanted to learn more about that character.This book was not easy to read at all . It was n't because of the language that it was written in , which did add to its difficulty . The part that bothered me the most about this book , other than its length , was the horrible lack of flow . I got the main idea of the book , I understood most of why certain parts of the book were there , but there were so many parts that did not add to the plot that for many pages at a time you would read about things like a jewel collection , book collection or whatever else fancied Dorian Gray at the time . It was so hard to finish this book because there were so many times that I could n't grasp why I was reading what I was reading . There were so many times that Dorian or his friend Harry would go into these monologues for absolutely no reason at all.There were a few redeeming qualities to this book , but unfortunately they did nothing to help me enjoy it at all . The one thing I did like was the basic premise of the book . Dorian Gray could not age and he was beautiful so he could do whatever he wanted to . His lack of need to preserve his soul led him down the path of evil . His friend guided him down that path as well . The whole time I was reading this book I was thinking about Harry as the devil . He would plant thoughts into the brain of Dorian that led him further and further down his path of destruction.The book was a let down and I hope that the next classic fiction book I choose is a good one.If you like my review and want to read more of them I have a blog chronicaling my first year with my Kindle . I would love your suggestions and comments . Check out my profile for the website .
 While trying to start some kind of an aesthetic as well as a moral revolution , The Picture of Dorian Gray instead became a disappointment in the world of literature . I began reading this book upon the premise that it would contain fascinating worldviews , as well as a gripping plot . Rather , the book fell flat on its face . Wilde reflected his views of the importance of art , the pitfalls of beauty , and the horror of aging in this novel , and though it was n't the views that were a problem , it was how they all contradicted one another . The author claimed , `` all art is useless '' in the preface of the novel , yet eventually it is art itself that becomes the bane of Dorian Gray 's existence.The novel follows a young , beautiful young man , Dorian Gray , along with two of his friends , Basil , who paints a stunning picture of Dorian , and Harry , who leads Dorian into a world of lies , sin and betrayal . Though it starts off interestingly enough , the novel drags after the 50th page , and it only gets worse and worse until the very end . It is meant to shock its readers , with tales of murder and drugs , yet the writing is n't sophisticated enough to support these statements . The downward spiral of Dorian Gray 's life is deserved , and the novel fails to leave the reader with a strong residual message . To its credit , however , the original premise was interesting , and the decay of Dorian Gray 's existence and how he views himself makes for a decent plot.I will not bother to go into the details of the novel , for example the sexism and the portrayal of women in the book , and how it is questionable whether the characters are more in love with women , the idea of women , each other -LRB- yes , they are all male -RRB- , or themselves . The homosexuality in the novel did not bother me , though the inaccurate portrayal of women did.If you are interested in reading about art , corruption or murder in the late 19th century in England , please , spare yourself the torture of reading Dorian Gray , though it is only a little over 200 pages .
 The picture of Dorian was n't that great of a novel . The subjects in this moral fable are very dramatic but go exceedingly too far . Tragedy stalks every crack and turn of it . It ends in a tragedy . In the beginning , it is rather happy , but right after the actress and lover commits suicide it goes completely . I do not doubt Wilde 's famed wit but , he could have written something more happy than this depressing novel . The descriptions are very well done -LRB- especially in the beginning . -RRB- Thus , he should used his wit and humor for a more enjoyable and felicatous novel .
 The characters were at times insufferable which is the point . I would have liked more detail of Gray 's adventures which were almost entirely left to the imagination . Ending came too quick for me .
 Will someone please tell me why this `` uplifting classics '' edition uses an image of Thomas Jefferson on the `` cover '' ? I find that rather offensive ...
 The book `` Picture of Dorian Grey '' by Oscar Wilde that I ordered `` used '' arrived with the front cover defaced by a pen being used to totally cover the picture 's face and hands and then a sticker of a Freddy Crueger -LRB- sp -RRB- type mask placed over the face . There was no mention in the description of this used book as to the front cover defacement and I find that negligent .
 The Picture of Dorian Gray is well-written , contains compelling ideas , and evocative . But it lacks substance . In my opinion this story is not really a novel because Oscar Wilde just uses it as a medium through which he can profess his views . While his views are not banal in the least , they are forced . He should not have to lower himself and preach to the reader .
 I was really looking forward to this book , since I heard glowing reviews about it . However , I found it to be perhaps the most excruciating reading experience of my life thus far -LRB- with the exception of mathematics texts -RRB- , and I wish I could 've given it 0 stars . I do n't mind it when authors digress a bit from the story to reflect on a theme or two , but Wilde did it so often it seemed like I was reading a 100 + page philosophy essay on art . I think Wilde is a fantastic writer with an almost perfect sense of wit , and I think he had a good story , but something went wrong when he was writing the manuscript and he ended up making this novel a university lecture for his beliefs .
 which is a waste of paper . What makes me say that ? Could it be that the sins are too vague or too outdated ? No , I judged this book based on my enjoyment or lack of enjoyment in reading it . Wit without substance , characters without passion , dialogue without reason . I found myself reading other books just so I had an excuse not to continue reading this one . In the end all I can say to truly show how I feel about this novel is that this book BORED me . 177 pages of art that is ` quite useless ' . The only reason I finished was because I hate to start a book then walk away and also I wanted to do review -LRB- and to do a review without finishing the book is unfair -RRB- .
 I read this book some time ago for a book club , and we all thought it was a total snooze . I really love reading classics , but this one was painful to get through . I swear there was a whole chapter on curtains .
 As was the case with quite a few other readers , I had been snookered into believing this was a near-universally lauded classic . Hello ? The emperor has no clothes and this book has no redeeming qualities . The writing style was absolutely maddening!The only reason I read the entire thing was because I purchased the book and felt compelled to get my money 's worth -LRB- not entirely possible with such a low quality `` classic '' -RRB- After reading it in its entirety , I felt the type of satisfaction one feels after completing a particularly odious chore . Removing my copy from my home will be most satisfying . Bottom line
 Honestly - the book came brand new , but it did n't have any of the footnotes that other people 's versions had . I was disappointed by that . Also , the pages are HUGE with small print . Do n't get this version if you 're reading it for a book club or school , you 'll be disappointed .
 I did not like this piece . I feel that Oscar Wilde used this as a semi-autobiographical vehicle to transport his radical , eccentric ideas and ideals . He speaks through his characters of Lord Henry and Dorian Gray . They seek to justify debauchery and murder and they kill off anyone who is good , kind , moral or differs in opinion with them . A good read , perhaps , for the likes of the 42nd president of the USA . This book falls far short of it 's hype and offers absolutely nothing of merit .
 i thought that might get your attenton.this book takes your breath away . to be honest , i dont want everyone out there to go and read DG because it is too fine a thing for popular consumption and the ensuing dicussion.if you have a soul , read this book . if not , find one .
 I was not too fond of the book but some people might like it . If you are the type of person who likes to meditate on the books that you read , this book might be good for you . I brought up many ideas that provoke thought .
 For me , The Picture of Dorian Gray was a tedious read . I did not particularly enjoy it that much , although I acknowledge that it is a good piece of literature . It is very well written and full of details and vivid descriptions . The story is told artfully and exquisitely but I found it long-winded and difficult to get through at times . Many people would enjoy a book like this , but it was not for me . I could n't relate to the British aristocracy system and was utterly appalled at how unbelievably shallow the characters were , although Wilde was probably going for that effect . I was also disappointed with the ending . I thought the point of the novel would be to eliminate the stereotype that bad people are ugly , but it just perpetuated it . I would recommend this book to anyone who likes a book that makes them think . It is also recommended to people who like books from this era -LRB- late 1800 's -RRB- and have a lot of time on their hands .
 After hearing about Oscar Wilde and how his novel The Picture of Dorian Grey was renounced because it contained hints of homosexuality I was very eager to read the novel . However , I was utterly disappointed . The disappointment had nothing to do with the novel 's themes but rather its characters and delivery.As a literature major , I am one who enjoys long novels full of detail and old romantic language such as that of Jane Austen . While The Picture of Dorian Grey was written with glorious detail and all the flowery language that I love I found myself very bored . There were many places where I found that the story dragged and though I am sure they were meant to be brilliant social commentary I could not stand the countless scenes where Lord Henry or Dorian sat about with their friends and chatted.I may have still been able to give this book at least a three star rating if the boring scenes scattered throughout the book were the only fault but unfortunately what truly put me off was the characters . I can not enjoy a book whose characters I do not come to love or at least care for in some small way . By the end of the novel I did not care one bit what happened to Dorian Grey ; he was a spineless boy and a cruel man . Lord Henry was always a wicked man and a tiresome preacher of what he considered to be cleverness . Basil Hallward was the only character that I enjoyed and somewhat identified with but he was not enough apart of the story to redeem it and nothing could make up for Dorian himself.I was extremely disappointed in this book and I can not say that I would recommend it to anyone other than a literature fanatic looking too read as many classics as possible .
 Ugh , what to say about this book . I wanted so badly to love it , but I did n't . I did n't even like it a little bit . That 's terrible when you do n't really enjoy the very first classic you read . This is n't setting a good stage for the future and planning on reading one classic a month . Good thing Alice in Wonderland is next month . That will definitely make up for the suck of this one . Do n't you hate it when you hear such good things about a book and you go in expecting to love it only to be completely disappointed ? Yeah , that 's what happened here.The book follows Dorian Gray -LRB- the original Mr. Gray , if you will -RRB- who is apparently a very beautiful man who is envied by many only he does n't quite understand why . I liked Dorian but I did n't feel like his character had much depth . I liked that he was n't all look how sexy I am you know you want this , but at the same time he was kind of a sissy . He follows this Lord Henry guy around like he 's a lost little puppy dog and puts up with him bashing him on numerous occasions . I do n't know who this guy thinks he is but I had to force myself not to skip over his parts . The only rational person in this book -LRB- minus his psycho obsession over Dorian -RRB- is Basil but he is n't in enough of the book to really care too much about.I think I know why I could n't get into this book as much as the rest of the people who told me about it . Have you seen the movie The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen ? Okay , I see Dorian Gray in that movie when I think about him . I see Stuart Townsend in all his `` I 'm the bomb get over it '' glory . I can not and will not picture him as the pushover that he was in this book . That movie ruined the book for me . I remember watching the actual Dorian Gray movie but it was boring too . I may have to watch it again just to see how terrible it was in comparison to the book , but I vaguely remember falling asleep at some point.The only reason I did n't give it one butterfly is because I was able to finish it . It was hard and it seemed like forever , but I did it . And the only reason I did it was to get to the end . I read on and off for like five days just to read about the scene I could have watched in The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen after only an hour and a half . Stuart Townsend will always be my Dorian Gray . This book just did n't do it for me . However ... Dorian is a VERY cool name . Props to Mr. Wilde for that .
 Not up to Girzone 's standard . A rehashing of Jesus ' actual parables . Read the scripture instead !
 Last summer I spent part it reading a mammoth novel called Underworld , written by Don Delillo . When I had completed the 800 odd pages of it , I felt betrayed . After spending the better part of a month reading it , I felt numb , with no emotional connection to the book at all . It did nothing for me . History has repeated itself with David Copperfield this summer.As character study , I have to admit that this book is a work of virtuosic genius . It follows the life of one David Copperfield from his earliest days to his eventual fame as a writer . This was Dickens ' favorite work and I 'm sure it had something to do with the great extent of its autobiographical content . All the characters work on the deepest psychological level.As a novel , this book is rubbish . I have n't quite put my finger on why . I found it hard to get involved in it after the first 200 pages or so . It seems that when things begin to dull , Dickens just brings about the death of someone . To give David a hard life , his father dies before he is born . His mother remarries an ultra puritan who beats and does everything he can to make David miserable . His mother dies , leaving David at the mercy of his stepfather . Even a dog gets a death scene where she dies of a broken heart . Please.I would figure that after reading 875 pages I would have a lot to say about it . I do n't . I could care less about this book one way or the other . I feel as though it was written , like most of Dickens books , serially . So I figure Dickens got paid money for each installment he wrote , hence , the more chapters , the more money . So he fluffed it up . Hermann Melville once said that a shark is more dangerous than a whale , metaphorically meaning that an efficent focused novel was light years better that a wandering formless epic . I agree with him . Books like this bloated tome were meant to keep 19th century bourgeois busy by a fire . I 'm not against long novels , it 's just do n't make long novels out of short ones . Dostoyevsky is a good example of an epic tale writer who also happens to be a genius . Thackeray is a greater writer who wrote much in the same fashion as Dickens but who actually communicated to me . Check out his Vanity Fair for a better Victorian novel . Even George Eliot , with all her faults , is a better read than Dickens . Or even better yet , try Balzac.If you pick this book up , prepare to be disappointed .
 This David Copperfield is given more breaks than any two China Shops with the proverbial BULL !!! Granted he gets his share of treachery as a child , but all the swindling in the world would not teach this fool to run from a madman swinging an Ax.Truly - everything he loves perishes - everyone who is kind to him suffers misey - and it is 500 pages of frustration waiting for the boy to grow a backbone or at least to learn from his mistakes or the mistakes of the many fantastic personalities that surround him.It is confounding to say the least , when a stable boy outwits him out of the life for which he is destined . -LRB- or does he ? -RRB- I feel like a hard hearted wench , but the hardships he endures after the age of 10 are not only deserved they are well earned.And any clever insights gained in the end bring little comfort for having read an excess of 500 pages.Dickens however does great justice to the characters the voices and the personalities of the far ranging characters he invents .
 Although Dickens may have liked this book best , it does n't come close to Hard Times , Christmas Carol , or Tale of Two Cities . David Copperfield drags . The first few chapters were interesting -- and the characters of Mr.Dick , Betsey Trotwood , and Uriah Heep are priceless -- but skip the rest and move on to some truly GREAT works ! Dickens has plenty from which to choose .
 David Copperfield is one of the least memorable of the dickens novels . It is NOT the first Dickens novel you should read , but if you enjoyed his other works , then this should satisfy your Dickens fix .
 Charles Dickens is considered by many to be the greatest writer of the Victorian period , and ` David Copperfield ' is often cited as his best novel . -LRB- Even Dickens , when referring to his own works , called it his personal favorite -RRB- . Later authors , like Dostoyevsky and Tolstoy said that they merely `` aspired '' to such writing . So it is not without a certain amount of abashment that I confess that I did not much like the book.To be sure , ` David Copperfield ' has its good points . The characters whom Dickens introduces throughout the novel are -LRB- for the most part -RRB- colorful , unique , and memorable . Each has quirks and idiosyncrasies that makes him or her interesting and -LRB- often -RRB- amusing . I particularly liked David 's aunt , Betsy Trotwood , who - at least during the first part of the book - is portrayed as a crotchety , but secretly-generous-of-heart old lady . Unfortunately , her character is watered-down in the later portions of the novel , and she becomes rather boring.That is , in fact , my complaint with the whole book
 For the price of the Everyman edition , one would expect the pages to be cleanly printed . Instead , the letters are faded and weak on many pages . On many pages , parts of some letters are missing altogether .
 A potentially exciting tale of a young mans trials through life , which is ruined by oversentimentality . I found the characters very thin , and lacking in comic relief - with the notable exception of Betsey Trotwood and Uriah Heep . The plot itself is unimaginative with a very predictable ending . As a female reader , one of my dislikes of this book is the unmemorable female characters , who are either weak or full of undying patience and gratitude . If you are looking for a book to put you to sleep at bedtime - this one 's for you !
 This is a very boring story . Pale . Nonsense . Unable to complete the reading . Do n't recommend anyone to spend time on this
 This was completely faulty of what I was expecting . I ordered a book written by '' Charles Dickens '' but instead , I got a very small , illustrated , children 's version of the book I wanted
 I hated this book and found it to be extremely boring . If you want interesting , this is not the book for you .
 i thought that this book was a little boring but also i 'm a teenager and am not really into this kind of stuff to read . i gave it two stars though becasue i thought that some of it was funny and made me like the book more . i think what makes me dislike the book was that it was really long and at a lot of times did n't make sense ! Also i have to do a lot of school work with this book and do n't like that ! but other wise the book was okay .
 Here 's the deal
 While I admire anyone who can write 800 + pages with an overarching theme -LRB- the discipline of the heart -RRB- , and while I also consider Dickens to be one of my favorite writers of all time , I was very disappointed in this book . It ultimately comes down to three main story lines
 `` David Copperfield `` By , Charles DickensThe book should be read by the people who may/may not like the nonfiction types of books . The book that I have chosen to read was called `` David Copperfield '' . David Copperfield had been a young boy who in some way an abandoned child . David 's father died six months before David was even born . So his mother hired a lady named Peggotty , she was a main character in the book . David 's mother then married a man called Mr. Murdstone who David did not like but lived with . Later in the book David 's mother and older brother had died so then David had to live in a house with Peggotty and Mr. Murdstone . Mr. Murdstone was n't talked about much because David did not like him , he was real mean to David . Although David was sad about his mother dead he had managed to get on with his life.I thought that this had an all right beginning with a confusing end . I rated this book a two because I was not all that interested in it .
 I write this review as an avid reader forced to endure this book in school.Thoough I have read some long books , never one that seemed as long as this.As I suspect of most of Dickens ' writings , it is nothing but page upon page of plot line and moralizing.There is no interest in the characters as they seem to serve no other purpose but to fit in the neat little events that shall teach us Something.Bah .
 I was forced to read this book my freshman year of high school . It is so boring . How can people say Charles Dickens was a great writer . He was an old ugly misogynist . He makes most of the female characters mean or dumb and weak . Also this book and Great Expectations are basically the same .
 While struggling through the seemingly never ending pages of David Copperfield , is is extremely apparent Dickens was paid per page in this monstrosity of a novel . I pity any who attempt to get through the 1200 pages , nevertheless those who struggled through each and every one of them .
 This is the wost book ever written in the history of the world . Reading it is like being stuck in a dark room with me for a week . You should never get this book and if you do chop it up burn it through the ashes in a ravine and nuke the ENTIRE VACINITY !!!
 AHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!! this book is so incredibly awfull ... long ... boring ... STUPID . . i had to read this in english honors and i nearly killed my teacher . . AHHHHHH !!!! stay away at all costs !!!
 I 'm almost sold on the Kindle - but this is a very disappointing edition , lacking most of the original illustrations to this great novel . Even the free Kindle versions have more original illustrations than this one does - most of which are simply missing here without any explanation.I will endeavor to get my money back from Amazon - and Oxford publishing - for this uselesss e-text .
 T.O.C. N.G. Search also No Good . A junky version even for 89 cents . And I ca n't seem to return it . We need accurate statements about the quality of the Kindle versions so we can choose appropriately . I do better formatting the books and uploading them myself .
 I agree with earlier reviewers disappointed with the lack of a meaningful table of contents . The point of choosing one eBook edition over another , especially for a text already in the public domain , is better formatting and ease of use . The description of this edition is misleading .
 I 've read more of Rice 's books than I can recall , but I think this is the first one that prompted me to write a review . Most of her books I 've enjoyed but this one was over the top . Hard to find someone in this to really like , maybe Teddy showing a maturity beyond his years . Although John has had time to get over his wife 's betrayal and death , learning she was going to leave him anyway , he has his head so inside himself he ca n't see his kids . Teddy does the best he can for his sister just 3 years younger , but she shows no maturity at all , not enough to even take baths . I agree with others that the ending was just too much and to have it all crammed into the last 3 or 4 pages it was mind boggling . Too bad John did n't wake up and become aware of his surroundings sooner . The story was very slow moving and in all those pages no new territory was covered at all , just more of the same . The only thing that would have topped the ending would have been to have Merrill break out of his high security death row cell . You tell me how John and Katy can find any peace in their minds and hearts to have a life together , is beyond me . They are too damaged and traumatized .
 I 'm a Luanne Rice FAN , concentrating all of my reading efforts into working my way through her library . Beach Girls got me started and , in general , I just love her stories . The familial ties , the sisterhood , the friendships between women - all have inspired many smiles and tears.But this book was not in keeping with Luanne Rice 's typical genre & left me disappointed . Graphic descriptions of violent crimes shocked me from this author.If I wanted to read that type of book , I would have chosen a different section of the bookstore.I 'm reading Crazy in Love now & hoping for my faith in Luanne Rice to be restored . Because I really do love all of her other books .
 This was my first Luanne Rice novel and since she seems to have loyal readers and a successful career I felt there must be a good reason for her popularity . I found the descriptions of the east coast to be very enjoyable , since I have spent a good deal of time in the area . Her plot was quite unrealistic in my opinion . All this adultery and yet the love is still present ? I knew after page one that Kate and John would end up together ; no suspense there . John was such an unpleasant and rude person it was amazing anyone would put up with his behavior . I also found the ending quite a stretch , although I had suspected one of the parties would be involved . Kate 's search seemed endless so I confess to doing a great deal of skimming through this book . I never skim when I am reading an author I respect and like ; in fact , I hang on every single word . So for those of you who enjoy this type of light and predictable reading , stay loyal to Ms. Rice . She lives , at least part time , in the wonderful area of Old Lyme , CT so she must be doing something right . Just not my cup of tea .
 This story really drug for me . Very slow and seemingly forced . I had to make myself finish and found myself skimming a lot .
 I had high expectations for this book , as it was referred to me by my cousin . I simply could not engage and be drawn into their life story . I stopped at Courtney 's depiction of his childhood . Have n't picked it back up since ...
 I bought this book after seeing the couple on the Oprah show . I thought this must be a great book to read . Needless to say , it is somewhat interesting if you can get beyond Angela 's use of four letter words . People need to consider those reading their books before they write them . I am sure she would not want her mother reading it with her filthy mouth . On the other hand , reading Courtney 's chapters , I found none of those words . I have a different opinion of Angela . A lady does not use words like that to get her point across . Some things you need to leave to a person 's imagination . Then again , I should not have been disappointed when I heard Angela say that Courtney waited until they were married to actually consumate the marriage , but she tried to entice him . I wanted my daughter to read the book to encourage her and to see when a `` real '' man loves you . Hopefully her chapters will get better , if not , perhaps I will black out the four letter words .
 My book club is reading this book for our March selection , so I went ahead and snatched it up because it was on a good sale in Sam 's . I want to take it back . I can NOT believe that they are both Yale / Harvard grads . The sentence structure in the Judy Blume books from my youth had more complexity . I wonder if they allowed the new twin babies to write the book . I am majorly disappointed about the story line , writing quality , AND length that the editors felt that they needed in order to convey the couple 's points . A friend wanted to review the book -LRB- read the first chapter -RRB- as I completed another task and the expression on her face as she read it was telling . I still forced myself to remain objective as I read the same chapter and had a bad taste in my mouth . I skipped over to his chapter to see if it might be any better and have not found any luck in that effort either .
 Got Editing ? This book was so poorly written that I had to stop reading at page 25 . I was so underwhelmed that I did n't even bother to skim to see what happened to the characters.pg . 11 `` They 'd never seen Mother again . Alive . '' -LRB- This quote is an example of how choppy the writing was throughout . The choppiness did NOT communicate the main character 's personality or thought patterns ; it was just awkward . -RRB-
 I have read most of Nancy Taylor Rosenberg 's book and this one does not live up to her reputation . The story is convoluted , confusing and unbelievable . The dialogue is terrible and the editing is almost nonexistent toward the end of the book . Do n't bother with this one .
 This has to be one of the worst books I have ever read . I ca n't believe I finished it , but I kept hoping against hope it would improve . There is not one likable character in the entire book . I 'm not sure who is more absurd - Carolyn or Jude . The ending is totally ridiculous . Next time I will read the reviews first and not waste my time .
 I had never read anything by Nancy Taylor Rosenberg before , and now I do n't think I ever will again . I found the characters and their actions to be very unbelievable . The main character became so irritating to me , I stopped reading the book at 67 percent . Unless you already love this author , I 'd recommend skipping this book .
 I read the previous book by Rosenberg thought it was going somewhere interesting when she pulled the old TWIN TRICK . Even though it was free , I should have been smart enough not to waste my time with this one , but I was curious about the characters from the other book who behave so differently from that one as to be recognizable only by their names.What Rosenberg did , I think , was write a plot outline and twist her characters into pretzels to try to stay within the outlines . Nobody is believable ; even the major lies in the book do n't pass any reader 's smell test EXCEPT FOR OUR HEROINE who is a human pinball , bouncing off one BS story after another and treating her family as second class citizens while cleaving to the tales of a proven sociopath.The ending is n't very satisfying either.By the way , the Kindle version is so riddled with typos it looks like a first proof . Even free sometimes costs too much .
 While this book has touches of authenticity from the author 's prior careers , she 's not a writer . A writer does more than string together grammatically correct sentences . There has to be transitions between them . In addition , there has to be more than cardboard characters , manipulated by the author with no regard to plausible behavior . Neither plot nor characters are believable .
 Having read most of the author 's previous books I found this one disappointing . I found the plot contrived , convoluted and hopelessly muddled . The characters did incredibly stupid things for supposedly intelligent people , and the dialogue often seemed stilted and sometimes downright silly . I found myself skimming through some sections just to finish . I expected better from this author .
 This is another installment of the Carolyn Sullivan series by prolific author Rosenberg . In this book , we are dealing with violent death , incest , pedophiles and liars all around.Carolyn Sullivan , the main character is in the Probation Office , but she sure seems to get involved with a multitude of homicides as she moves from book to book . In addition to trying to get to the bottom of her best friend 's violent death , she is also trying to help the friend 's daughter cope with the abuse she has endured for years.The first suspect , naturally , is the girl 's father , then the boyfriend , and then the clues switch to another person.Up one blind alley and down another , bodies coming from everywhere and with no apparent link . The detectives on the case , as well as Carolyn , ca n't make up their minds who to arrest or even question.The pathological liar who is the pivotal link to everyone involved is difficult to say the least.I was dismayed that when this `` adult '' steals from those who are trying to help her , lies repeatedly , and hampers all efforts to solve the murders , that she is still regarded as a victim and not punished for any of her crimes . It must be nice for Carolyn to have a wealthy fianc&eacute;e who can afford to not press charges for items stolen , and gladly will replace everything to further the assistance and `` help '' this lying , conniving , manipulating person . Sure she is a victim herself , but there were plenty of chances to come clean and help solve her mother 's murder before more dead bodies showed up . I just find the credibility lacking in this book .
 Perhaps I 've been ruined by mindless chick lit and other less intense forms of fiction , but I found this book to be both exhausting and tiresome . Over the years , I 've read a lot of the legal thriller genre and usually find the attempts to solve the crime to be fascinating . In this case , while the author has done a great job of suspense , I just grew weary of it all.I do n't believe people reading reviews want a synopsis of the book they 're considering , so I wo n't go into detail about the storyline itself . Suffice to say that I found it a bit unbelievable that someone so sensitive to the victims and their family could also be so neglectful or insensitive to her own family , sometimes putting them at risk . Overall , I found this book to be a stretch of credibility , especially the ending.I wo n't say this is n't a well written book or that it might not be an interesting story , but I ca n't say I enjoyed reading it .
 This book is awful . I 've never read a book with a less likable bunch of characters in my life . The first chapter sets up the story like its going to be suspenseful and interesting . Unfortunately that 's the only decently written part of the whole book . The cops are liars , the women are sociopathic man haters , and the men are misogynistic pigs . The story is so convoluted that I had to reread the first chapter halfway through the book just to see if I 'd missed something.Honestly ... this book is terrible . There is nothing redeemable about any of the characters . The sexual encounters are awkward and misplaced . The suspects are more likable than the cops . And the ending is laughable.Please , do n't do it . You 'll never get those hours back . It 's not worth it .
 I 'm sorry , but you just get attacked in a parking lot and nearly are killed and you 're going to stop to talk about the kind of guy you 're marrying with your ex-lover ? That was the last eye-rolling moment I could take in this terrible excuse for a novel . Write some realistic dialogue and situations , and I might buy in to the contrived mystery plot a little better.Keep in mind I did n't get far into this book when weighing my review against others . I just have a low tolerance for shoddy writing .
 There are too many really good books out there to waste time on this one . The growing trend with many mystery/crime writers to use a convoluted and rather implausable plot to build suspense . This is not a particularly well written book , filled with unlikeable characters who behave in a mindless manner .
 I totally agree with the person who wrote skip it . This has to be one of the worst books I have read in recent years . I finished only to see if it possibly improved by the end ; it did n't . The plot is disjointed and unbelievable -LRB- I certainly hope probation and police departments do n't work that way -RRB- ; the diologue is contrived , and the characters , especially Caroline , are superficial , unauthentic and not very likable . How do such books get published ?
 This book was just AWFUL . The dialogue was trite and the plot ridiculous . The ending came out of nowhere . It was like this book was plotted and written by different people . I do n't know if Nancy Taylor Rosenberg has a ghost writer on her staff , but the plot just seemed disjointed . This was the first Taylor Rosenberg book I have read , and it is probably my last .
 I have to admit I did finish this book . Luckily it did n't take long . The main character , Carolyn Sullivan , continues to do incredibly stupid things . The plot does n't hang together . The conclusion is down right unsatisfying and the dialogue is laughable . Do n't even bother taking it out of the library .
 I suppose to get into `` suspense , '' you need a pedophile , lots of murders , and a supposedly competent woman who wanders alone into a darkened empty area just after having received a death threat . As some other reviewers noted , to consider a thieving pathological liar who incites others to murder , who pays no heed to the consequences of her actions and who is consistently foul-mouthed and minded a `` victim '' just stretches things too much . It 's as if a pedophile in the plot serves the same function as a demon
 I have never read any of the authors previous works and after this I probably will not.I hope that police work is never really as shoddy as it is in this book . The lead female character is all over the place and makes more and more ridiculous decisions/comments as the book progresses.The victim is not at all sympathetic and I found myself rooting AGAINST her almost the entire book.With an ending that feels like it came out of left field , you would be better not settling down to read this book . Save yourself some time .
 I have read almost all of Nancy Taylor Rosenberg 's books , and was quite disappointed with this one . Her Carolyn Sullivan character has gone from being passionate about her job to being foolish , gullible , impulsive , and self righteous . She believed the Jude character over and over and over again , each time convinced that this time Jude was telling the truth.Carolyn had a very irritating and tiresome preachy quality to her in this book . Over and over again , she lectured different characters about how she was right and they were wrong , and she was convinced that she was the only one who could see the truth -- even though she was repeatedly deceived by Jude . In addition , Rosenberg 's need to pepper the entire book with short commentaries on what dogs men are -- illustrated through Carolyn 's indignance about this or that -- was completely unnessesary.This book was a huge disappointment -- Rosenberg just dialed this in and did a barely mediocre job on it . There were many loose ends left hanging . Who wrote the threatening letter ? Who did Brad see in the Explorer with Veronica ? Just to name a few.Skip this book -- do n't waste your time .
 I listened to this book on disc and thankfully I borrowed it from the library and did n't waste my money . The dialogue is absolutely ridiculous and several times , I wondered if Fern Michaels actually wrote this book and if her editor actually read it . Worst book I 've read/listened to in years .
 I 've read a few books by this author -LRB- all of them given to me -RRB- and I do n't know what was worse , this one or ` Hey , Good-Looking ' I may be wrong about the title of that one , but it was the one with three aunts called Ducky , Dodo , and ... uh , I forget the third one , I think it was Diddy?Anyway , this book started off with a fairly amusing premise , but dang it , it unraveled early on . Has Ms. Michaels ever been to a training camp ? Tom Clancy did research for HIS books , and it shows ! I also found the character development to be appalling and unrealistic - something that seems to be a common vein in her books . I might have given it two stars if not for the abrupt and atrocious ending . I would advise the author to focus on quality instead of quantity because she has so many danged books .
 I kept thinking I must of missed a page or that the next page would explain away all the discrepancies . I really resent writing that is as `` dumbed down '' as much as this was . Could n't even finish it ! Really dissappointed !! Too bad I had to give it even 1 star .
 I rented this book on CD for a long drive and it was so bad , that my daughter said `` Mom turn this off it is stupid '' . I agreed but we finished it anyway . It was the worst Fern Michaels book ever . So ridiculous you had to laugh . I gave the two stars because it took time to write . That is the only reason . Do n't waste your time .
 That 's the most ridiculous book I 've ever red . Stupid plot , stupid story ... badly told . I have no idea why this book was even published .
 This was the worst book she has written ! The plot was totally absurd and the written was dreadful . Save your money !
 Thankfully , I checked this book out from the library instead of buying it . The plot is contrived , the characters are one-dimensional , and the dialogue is hackneyed . I thought it was a joke at first and that the `` real '' plot would emerge from the dreck , but no such luck . Just a few `` plot '' elements
 This was one of the worst books I have read in a long time . The ineptitude of the whole thing boggled the mind - the plot , the characters , the complete lack of effort to get information about what she was writing about -LRB- the spy game , etc , -RRB- . This book would never have been published if it was not written by an established author .
 Completely ludicrous tale about a gaggle of women who are all ex-wives of a total louse who is addicted to honeymoons and marriage -- but is completely NOT the marrying kind . When Samantha Rainford gathers all of the ex-wives together , they make a pact to get even with their ex-husband . Soon , the women find themselves in the mountains of North Carolina , undergoing special-ops training . What Sam does not bargain for in her quest for revenge is to fall for the staggeringly handsome Greek god running the program ... and could it be that he has fallen for her also?With a ridiculous `` plot '' -LRB- if one could call it that -RRB- and editing that falls woefully short -LRB- why are questions throughout this tale treated as statements ?? -RRB- , this is a novel that I had difficulty getting through . Very slow starting , it was at least palatable by page 100 . However ... this author 's writing style is just not for me . My first and probably last novel by Fern Michaels . 2.5 stars simply because there were some genuinely likeable characters in the story.DYB
 Miss Michaels used to actually write good books . Check out her Texas series . The last few years she had been putting out complete rubish . This one the worst so far , makes no sense , the story is completely horrible . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY . Give it to charity instead ...
 Do not waste your time . One of the stupidest books I 've every read . Only finished it because I was halfway thru and thought there had to be something good about this book . There 's not .
 I agree with the other negative reviews of this book . I do n't mind a little light reading , but this is ridiculous . There are mistakes on the first page of the book . In the opening paragraph it say 's that Sam will turn 30 in a few hours and be served with divorce papers in 48 hours . Two paragaphs later Sam has the divorce papers and is going to meet with her ex-husbands lawyer in the morning . No time has passed between these paragraphs . I found the editing disjointed.I agree with the other reviewers that the characters are two dimensional and ditzy . Why would a super secret special ops unit take on two women who flunk out of the FBI Academy . Even more unrealistic is the fact that the special ops unit would take on three additional women with no operative skills . Add to that the fact that the four of the five women just met each other hours ago and they all decide to leave their lives behind to become agents and you have what passes for a plot in the book . I have n't been able to force myself to finish the book.If after these reviews you stil feel like reading the book , get it from the library .
 Probably the worst book that I 've ever read . I ca n't even believe that it was allowed to be published . It was overflowing with the most asinine dialogue that I 've ever had the pleasure of reading . The characters were completely unlikable , and the plot was ridiculous . I have to wonder if the author was in her right mind while she was writing this . I also think she used way too many cliches in her writing -LRB- i.e , '' ... he would have been all over it like white on rice ... '' -RRB- . Shows a lack of imagination and creativity , in my opinion . Just a pet peeve of mine.Anyway , a waste of time unless you want a good laugh . But mostly , it just made me feel really bad for the author . She looks like a nice lady . This must be terribly embarrassing for her .
 I just read Fern Michael 's The Marriage Game . Golly ! I have never been bombarded with such an unbelievable plot , poor writing , and forced romance EVER . Insult to injury ? I bought this ... EEEK ! I just gave it to my co-worker so she can give me a second set of thumbs down for this number . Fern , her editor , and the publisher must have been deluded ...
 I paid $ 1.50 for this book at a thrift store and it was n't even worth that probably one of the worst books I have ever read .
 The book reads like it was written by a 9th grader who has n't learned about plot or dialogue . You have no idea what the characters are like because she does not describe them ; they are one dimentional and babble instead of talk . The plot is not sound , it skips months and then slows down to an unbearable pace . The concept is assinine and I only forced myself through this book because I paid $ 8 for it . I kept hoping for it to get better . This is my first Fern Michaels book , and my last !!
 This book suffers from an unbelievable storyline - How do a CPA and a washed-up supermodel wind up at the FBI academy ? - and the plot goes downhill from there . It also suffers from poor editing which leads to major contradictions in consecutive pages . This is the first Fern Michaels book I have read ... and the last .
 This is probably the stupidest book I 've ever read . These women are too ridiculous for words . I 'm not sure I 'm even going to be able to finish the book . I ca n't even give a plot summary because it 's too implausible for words .
 When the leading male 's name is `` Paddy '' and the leading female 's is `` Sam '' ... should be a warning . One of the worst books I have ever read ... and I even finished it because I kept thinking thre would be a redemption of somekind . Not to be .
 Wow , Glad to see I am not the only one who thought this was the most ridiculous book they 've wasted their time to read . What woman , much less five , would go willingly to a ` secret location ' and commit a year of their lives with a man who breaks into their house -LRB- well , Sam 's house -RRB- in the middle of the night ? That 's only the first completely implausible plot here . I bought this book and read it because one of my friends loves Fern Michaels . I 'm not sure why . This book was stupid , stupid , stupid !!! I 'm gon na donate this to my local library as soon as possible so none of my friends even see this deplorable book in my stack of books read or to read .
 This was , without a doubt , the most inane , pathetic book I have ever attempted to read . In what I realize , now , was a joke , a friend gave it to me to read while recovering from surgery . Needless to say , I could not finish it . Who reads this trash ?
 Very rarely do I start a book and give up on it before I finish it . I buy it , I feel I should finish it . But I simply could n't with this one . To say it was bad is an understatement . If I could give it zero stars , I would.I 've read Fern Michaels before and have enjoyed her books . This was is so bizarre and boring , I simply could n't read it . The premise of 5 ladies being approached to join a secret mercenary group is completely unbelievable . The 5 women to me seemed silly when they thought , why not , let 's give up our lives as we know it and go do this . I suffered through 50 pages and gave up.I would n't recommend anyone even checking this out of a library . There are so many better books out there to read . As for Fern Michaels , that 's the last book of hers I will pick up .
 Do publishers even look at the work of established writers anymore , or do they simply buy on the strength of a name ? I barely made it past the first chapter , and I doubt I will . The plot is incredibly absurd ... a bunch of women , four of them ex-Mrs . Rainford -LRB- a CPA , a plumber , an exotic dancer/architect , a cartoon artist , and a former model -- a few hours after being replaced by a younger version of herself -RRB- suddenly decide to hang up their lives , take on a new identity , and go train as mercenaries for a top secret organization , why ? Their motivation is unclear , the plot is contrived and lacks continuity , for example , why did the fourth Mrs. Rainford complain about the meager $ 55,000 / year salary , a third of what she can make during tax season , if money was n't an issue when she entered the FBI training program a few weeks earlier ? Why does a model -LRB- Sara/Slick -RRB- suddenly decide to follow her friend into the FBI program ? She 's upset over losing her job as a model , so follows her friend to the FBI , and just like that , she 's in the program a few days later ? Unbelievable . And then , why did all the Mrs. Rainfords of three weeks each keep their ex-husband 's name ? Defies comprehension.So much happens in the first chapter , it 's not surprising that characterization is abandoned . We 're told that the fourth Mrs. Rainford -LRB- the MC -RRB- is heartbroken 48 hours after being served by divorce papers , yet seems elated at the prospect of moving into the condo she was in the process of buying when she met Mr. Rainford , courted him for three weeks , married him , and spent another three weeks on a memorable honeymoon , only to come home to divorce papers . Her actions/reactions defy logic , but more importantly , she does n't behave like a devastated woman . The only motivation we get for the MC to join this top secret organization is that she 's tired of being a failure , yet she 's a successful accountant who pulls a six figure salary and drives a BMW . And all those story problems arise in the first 45 pages . To add insult to injury , I 've detected three glaring plot and craft problems in the first chapter alone.I 've been frequently disappointed with new novels from established authors , but this is the first time I 'm considering returning one to a publishing house with a rejection slip .
 I am so angry that I have paid for this book ! On page 9 , Sam has a fully stocked pantry , fridge and freezer . On page 30 `` The fridge was bare but for water , beer , wine and two apples about to disintergrate '' . She had just moved in . On page 10 Sam had a full view of her barren garden . On page 43 , Sam looked out over a summer garden full of colorful flowers.These women decided in 10 minutes to leave their lives , not knowing who , what , they were getting involved with or where they were going . If they would ever be heard from again?I am not reading another page of this book.I have just added Fern Michaels to my `` Do Not Read Authors list . ''
 This book was completely ridiculous . The timeline was hard to follow . The dialogue and plot were unrealistic - like a high level super spy saying `` This stinks ! '' My main question is how do an accountant and a super model just show up at Quantico to train for the FBI out of nowhere ??? They would need some sort of training . Fern also left out some serious details about Sam and Pappy 's love connection . They only spoke to each other like four times and each time it was NOT on nice terms . Then suddenly they are desperately in love.And SPOILER ALERT -- why do same and pappy think it 's funny that Zoe met the Senator in Greece again at the end ??!! Would n't they want to tell her immediately ? Come on . I 'm so mad I actually read the whole thing grrr.Don ' t waste your time .
 I tried to read this book ... I really did . In the first paragraph of the prologue it was already contradicting itself . Example
 This book was a waste of time . The plot was silly and extremely unrealistic . Pappy was underdeveloped as a character and I could n't even like him . When the end came and they still had n't spent any quality time together , I was at least expecting him to fess up about his reasons for ousting her . Instead his father had to do all the explaining , resulting in her asking Pappy if he loved her ... to which the answer came `` Yeah . '' Whatever . A very unromantic romance novel if you ask me .
 The plot captured my interest -- 4 ex-wives plotting revenge against their husband , along the lines of The First Wives Club . A great idea but the author failed to deliver . No character development -LRB- they do n't even make one-dimension ! -RRB- , the dialogue was inane , the writing was disjointed , and the story quickly became unbelievable . It reads like the first draft fleshed from an outline and needs very serious editing . The best writing was spent on the descriptions of the food . Take it back and finish the job , Fern .
 This was such a stupid story , I almost doubt Fern Michaels wrote it . I normally never miss buying one of her books , I shall be more carefeul in future . THIS purchase was a big mistake . I wish money could be refunded . A mish mash of unbelievable characters . It was as if written by a Committee , and they could n't agree on a story base .
 This book takes the prize for `` book that I gave up on soonest . '' I was listening to it on CD , and never got past the first disk . The first few pages were awful , but I wanted to know what the big secret was with the ex husband . Once Sam and Slick decide to give up everything to follow some strange intruder to an undefined job at an unspecified location , I was done.I 'm so glad I did n't spend a penny on this book . It might be the worst book I 've ever started reading -LRB- or listening to , anyway -RRB- .
 An absolute waste of time and money , I ca n't believe the reviews , wonder who wrote them ? The Ice series is quite sweet , do n't waste your time with this .
 I managed to watch the entire movie and it started out really strong . It was a joy to watch and then it just got bad . The plot went from topic to topic I had no idea what was going on or what the underlying message was supposed to be . For me , this is the worst movie of the year .
 I bought the book because the movie is about to come out in theaters . I 've never read Nicholas Sparks before but I loved The Notebook -LRB- movie -RRB- so I thought I 'd give this one a try . Right away , I was bored . All the characters were too nice , doing everything in everyone else 's best interest , pretty much all the time . I did n't feel a deep connection between ANY of the characters . I think Sparks was trying to portray love at its highest form , where everyone thinks of other people 's needs first , but it just did n't work for me . No excitement . John was so good and `` reformed '' that he barely wanted to kiss Savannah . And yet , he blows up over her suggestion regarding his father -LRB- whom he never felt particularly close to -RRB- . He falls in love too fast , is then scared to act on it , and the story overall feels like it was trying too hard . I 'm hoping the movie will be better .
 I 'm sorry , but I could n't completely get through this one . I did n't enjoy the plot and the characters were not engaging to me . I have liked some of this author 's other work , but this one was not a winner .
 Not one of Spark 's best . The book moves at a slow pace , the characters are predictable and worse , flat ; Sparks never manages to make the reader care about what happens to them . Die-hard hopeful , I read to the end , hoping for a twist or for some type of redemption in the slow and non-engaging story . It never arrived .
 The issue of soldiers stationed overseas and all of the issues they deal with related to loneliness and stress about what is going on back home are very serious and important . So while I like the idea and storyline of `` Dear John '' I just simply did not think the execution was very good . The writing was amateurish and the characters were all very one-dimensional . I would like to see what a more capable writer could do with this same story .
 The thing that made me not want to read the book right off the bat was the fact that he gives away the ending in the prologue . The plot was ok , but it was just too predictable . Nicholas Sparks becomes very monotonous in his writing at times , which makes reading some of his books tedious . Honestly , this book made me mad with the way it ended . Not one of his best .
 Do n't know how this book continues to be on the Bestseller list . I am up to page 180 and find it the most boring book I 've read in a long time . There 's just nothing interesting about this book and I 'm having a hard time finishing it . Based on other reviews here , it does n't sound like I 'm in for a fantastic finish .
 I 've read all of Mr. Sparks ' book and have loved every single one of them . They always seem to `` grab '' me and not let go until I 'm finished . This one however , did n't hold my interest.I do n't really know what happened with this book . Was it written to fulfill a contract obligation ? It 's not like a true Sparks ' novel at all.First of all , I did n't care for the characters . I felt nothing for John or the vacuous Savannah . It was just so much filler . Too much going to war , waiting at home , it seemed to be just something to fill up the page.I did feel a little for John 's dad . I felt sorry for him and truly hated it when he died.But going into a Sparks novel you know someone is going to die . And it usually breaks your heart . I usually care , I usually cry , this did n't warrant that.I gave it only one star because I know Mr. Sparks is capable of so much more . Hopefully , we will see that before long .
 I have to say that this book was a bit of a let down . Part I was the best part of the whole book , full of vivid depiction of character , both in the town and in dialogue . Things fell apart in Parts 2 and 3 , mainly because Sparks falls back on cliches , generalities and vagueries that are frustrating to read . It almost feels like in the fear of getting things wrong , it 's better not to get them at all , or capture things as blandly as possible.And it IS bland , which is unfortunate . But , on the upside , at least he 's original . Or as original as you can be in a genre that 's been mashed to a pulp.Not that I am a fan of abandoning a read , but if your time is important to you , close the book at the end of Part 1 .
 First off , I could n't stand Savannah , she was portrayed as being this too perfect southern Belle . She turns out to be a vacuous , spoiled , selfish brat who leads John on . It progressed slowly , with characters that were just unlikeable . It was trite and quite frankly Johns self defeatist attitude was just as annoying as Savannah 's falseness . Just a waste of time and money . Sparks books are usually good but this one has the tone of a novice .
 I have been a Nicholas Sparks fan and I was very disappointed with this book . Too predictable , very depressing ...
